Chapter 325:


At the same time, the news of the demonic beasts disappearing, was like it had grown wings. It spread out madly throughout the entire Deer City. They were able to hear all sorts of cheers and applause, and then the sound of fireworks madly exploding in the streets all around unendingly. The smell of sulphur caused the entire city to seem to be undergoing a festival, the aura incomparably festive.

There were more and more people appearing on the streets.

Those civilians who hid in their houses afraid to come out, were already in the streets, celebrating and running with joy.

At the entrance to the Ye household.

"Brother Xiaoyu..." Little Grass was the first person who rushed forward.

Tang San and Qin Lan brought all the people of the Ye household and waited there silently at the entrance. Evidently, the military had already sent someone to notify them. When Ye Qingyu and the others were on the street, news of this had already arrived in the household.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu had returned safely, Qin Lan's worried heart could finally return back to her chest.

The household instantly became bustling.

Bai Yuanxing, with Little Grass's support, came to the courtyard. His eyes were still covered by a cloth, and herbs had been applied. His entire person seemed much more vigorous than before, and spoke and laughed with several children of the household. His entire vitality seemed much better.

Qin Zhishui only remained in the Ye household briefly. After attending the evening meal, he rose and said his farewell.

Ximen Yeshui acted as if he was friends with everyone. Quite soon, he and the entire household became extremely familiar.

When Qin Zhishui had not left for long, Wen Wan excitedly came running, carrying two bowls of noodles. When he was outside the courtyard, he screamed loudly, "I hear that Marquis has returned. Wahahaha, is there any change in Deer Mountain? Did you discover anything? The demonic beasts have retreated, and the rumours amongst the military and civilians is that you have killed the king of the demonic beasts, and scared away the demonic beasts..."

"Brother Xiaoyu is in closed isolation." Little Grass guarded the courtyard, blocking Wen Wan.

"Isolation?" Wen Wan was taken aback. Could it be that he has had some new breakthrough in the battle within Deer Mountain?

He turned his head and saw a young person with dark skin and wearing a strange and quirky scholarly outfit hiding under the desk. On the other side, there were several little children of the household excitedly playing hide and seek. Stunned, he pressed his lips together, "Who is this idiot? I haven't seen him before..."

"You're the idiot, who are you insulting?" Ximen Yeshui said angrily.

But once he spoke, the little kids instantly found him. He could only act as a horse, and let the little kids ride him as they held his neck.

"His ears are quite sensitive." Wen Wan was shocked, and carefully inspected. The more he looked, the more stunned he was. He discovered that even he himself could not discover what Ximen Yeshui's cultivation was. He could not help but be taken aback; could it be that this fellow's cultivation was even greater than himself?“

As he thought of this, he saw a maid bringing people to enter.

"Uncle Wen, this auntie said you haven't paid for your food yet, and you've also taken away two of her bowls," the little maid said sweetly.

Wen Wan's face was filled with embarrassment.

These days he had walked the streets of Deer City and found a noodle stand that he had fallen in love with. He went to eat noodles everyday. It was like when he was at Youyan Pass, he ate tens of bowls everyday. Hearing the news that Ye Qingyu had returned, he was so moved he went straight to the Ye household without paying...

Seeing the owner of the stand with an expression that said 'I'll be able to find you no matter where you flee, so don't think you can get away', Wen Wan's face was a bit red. He turned to ask Little Grass, "Girl, do you have any money, I forgot to bring any..."

Little Grass found some little change from within her little pouch.

"Who is this grandson? He wants to scam a little girl's money? He's that shameless?" Ximen Yeshui watched this scene unfold, his face filled with contempt.

Wen Wan nearly spat out blood.

This was his first time meeting Ximen Yeshui. They both did not seem to like each other too much.

This caused the way that Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui interacted in the future, to have a strange foundation.

……

……

The next few days, it could be said that Deer City had completely calmed down and restored its former activities.

In the outbreak of the demonic beast horde, there were injuries and death, but compared to five years ago, they could largely be ignored. Apart from those explorer groups and merchant companies who died without warning to the beasts, the civilians were nearly unharmed. As for the great loss for the military, it was the death of a military leader.

The entire Deer City began talking about Marquis Ye's contribution.

That day, when he appeared at the head of the city, he had already confirmed this entire matter. No matter how the government would later explain this matter, all the commoners agreed conclusively that it must be because the Marquis Ye who came from the Youyan Pass had demonstrated his might. He had killed the demonic beast king and scared away all the demonic beasts. At this time, there were many civilians who even erected a plaque in worship of Ye Qingyu in their home.

The people asking to see him at the Ye household became more and more.

At the entrance to the Ye household, there were many people carrying gifts and many items, causing it to be completely saturated with people.

It was only that in these days, Ye Qingyu had always remained in isolation training, not leaving to see anyone.

Even the City Lord Qin Ying had brought his youngest son Qin Wushuang twice. Although he was allowed through the gate of the Ye household, he was ultimately not able to see Ye Qingyu.

The rear courtyard of the Ye household.

Within the wooden building, Ye Qingyu sat in a meditative position with his legs crossed.

There was a formation around the little house that hid away all aura, isolating his aura when he cultivated.

A hundred yuan qi silver dragons encircled around Ye Qingyu's body, light glowing everywhere. It completely submerged him from within. Within his dantian world, the hundred yuan qi springs were boiling over .The clear yuan qi springs were like water pillars that spurted out, nourishing the grains of sands of the desert.

Ye Qingyu’s entire person was immersed in cultivating, not paying the slightest attention to anything else.

The cultivation of the yuan qi martial path began with refining one's body as the foundation. Then it would excavate a yuan qi spring. This was a slow and drawn out process that transformed the lifeless and desolate world. Using the yuan qi spring, it would bring about life. This was the second stage of the yuan qi martial path. When the yuan qi springs had reached a certain level, and reached the limit of a person, this would be when the Spirit spring stage was fully completed.

What was above the Spirit spring stage, was the Bitter Sea stage.

The so called Bitter Sea stage was to create a sea, an ocean within one's dantian world, The ancient people had called this the Bitter Sea. This was referring to the ocean within the dantian world. This was the sea of bitterness within a martial artist, but also the sea of hope. Only after traversing this Bitter Sea could you reach the other shore.

According to the experienced classification of those ancient people, the Bitter Sea stage could be separated into five great stages; Streams, Rivers, Lakes, Sea, and Ocean. This was referring to the process in which the Bitter Sea was formed.

The [Stream] stage was referring to the yuan qi springs overflowing from the desert martial world of a martial artist. As it flowed throughout the dessert, it would form stream after stream. When this progressed a step further and the streams became roaring yuan qi rivers, and the yuan qi became fuller and fuller, this was the [River] stage.

Above the [River] stage, was when yuan qi would become vaster and vaster. Within the dantian world, it would turn into yuan qi lakes, this was the [Lake]. The yuan qi lake would continue to grow bigger and bigger, turning into a yuan qi sea, and begin connecting with each other. This was known as the [Sea] stage. The last stage was the [Ocean] stage, and this was when the great seas connected and became one. It turned the entire dantian world into an endless ocean, turning one into a true Bitter Sea stage expert. this was one's largest achievement within the Bitter Sea stage.

Ye Qingyu had been able to obtain the exquisite Spirit qi from the books of is Majesty Luo So. He was able to complete a feat that other martial artists would not even dare to dream of. He had created a hundred yuan qi Spirit springs within his dantian world.

Normally speaking, the number of Sprit springs one could create, apart from one's will determining it, it was also limited by one's talent. Not every person could always suppress their strength and not enter the Bitter Sea stage. Creating a hundred Spirit springs was something that exceeded the number of springs one could have. People would either fail to suppress it and go on towards the next cultivation stage, or suppress it and ultimately explode, dying.

Ye Qingyu had dragon blood within his body. He was known as the [Holy Body of the Dragon's Blood], and had numerous fortuitous encounters. The [Supreme Ice Flame] and the [Body Refining Lightning] had refined his body. That day, when he had absorbed the Spirit qi from the books of His Majesty Luo So, the power and toughness of his body could already be compared to a typical Bitter Sea stage expert. With the mysterious person protecting him, as well as the miraculous of the nameless breathing technique, he was able to accomplish a feat no one had been able to do.

But he had only just created a hundred Spirit springs. At that time, yuan qi was surging around Ye Qingyu's body and it was extremely unstable. Therefore, he had returned to the Ye household immediately and entered closed door training. He began organizing and stabilizing the yuan qi within his body, shoring up his foundation.

At this time, the hundred Spirit springs were distributed extremely evenly around his dantian world.

The clear yuan qi springs spurted, like water pillars hooting to the sky. It emitted clear yuan qi springs everywhere around it.

This time, when Ye Qingyu had entered isolation, he wanted to use this opportunity to cause the yuan qi springs to overflow and spill into the the area outside of the eye of the Spring. He wanted to make it form stream after stream, and completely enter the first stage of the Bitter Sea level, the [Stream] stage.

Last time, he used the leftover Origin crystal from when he had cultivated in Youyan Pass. In these three days, he had completely refined it and absorbed it.。

Even the Origin crystal sent by the Lin family was nearly entirely absorbed by him.

Such an expenditure of Origin crystal was the same as burning paper money for fuel. Even those great families and sects with extreme resources would not be able to withstand such a course.

But Ye Qingyu did not care about such things currently.

Within his body, the yuan qi madly surged and flickered. There was yuan qi constantly rumbling everywhere throughout his body. His muscles became as translucent as jade, his body already reaching his most optimal stage. Within his dantian world, every one of his yuan qi springs were madly spurting everywhere, like divine dragons soaring into the heavens...

But a mysterious power suppressed these clear Spirit springs. Ye Qingyu activated his mysterious breathing techniquea, trying many times. But he had no way of causing the yuan qi Spirit springs to flow outside its area and form a river, spreading it about the depths of this desert world.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 326:


"It was due to the fact that my foundation is still not vast enough. To go from the Ordinary Martial level to enter into the Bitter Sea stage in just one year and a bit, this is too ridiculous."

Ye Qingyu knew, this was the reason why the level of his yuan qi had not reached its pinnacle.

The number of a hundred Spirit springs was unheard of, but the amount of yuan qi it needed was also unheard of. Ye Qingyu was able to obtain pure and untainted Spirit qi within the divine palace. When he was excavating the Spirit springs, he had used this reservoir of Spirit qi largely up, but the leftover, although it could supply Ye Qingyu with the spirit qi needed to breakthrough to the Bitter Sea stage, but it was not enough to be perfect.

Ye Qingyu could only temporarily abandon the idea of breaking through, and focus his whole attention in refining the last pieces of Origin crystal.

Another half a day passed by.

The Origin crystal were completely absorbed.

But something still seemed to be lacking.

Ye Qingyu used up all the [Mysterious Heaven Pellets].

Yuan qi rumbled within his body, like a released wild horse. But ultimately, it seemed there was an invisible rope that constricted this wild horse. Ye Qingyu focused entirely on his body, and carefully examined the medicinal power of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] travelling throughout his body. He was able to sense his yuan qi growingsteadily, was able to feel the thunderous noise of his yuan qi Spirit springs...

The medicinal power of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was completely used up in his dantian.

Boom!

An invisible surge began surging outwards with the hundred Spirit springs at the center.

The originally dead desert world within his dantian world was like there was an invisible hurricane sweeping over the entire world. It covered all of the desert.

It was as if there was some sort of obstacle that was abruptly broken at that instant.

It was as if there was a thin layer of substance, like an eggshell, that cracked at that instant.

Like a fish swimming against the current and leaping above the water, transforming into a dragon.

It was as if this entire world halted briefly at this very moment.

The sound of the streams were soundless.

Finally, there was a stand of yuan qi Spring, like a coiling silver dragon, that began flowing away from the set area of that Spirit springs. It was clear and free, flowing into the desert dantian world.

What followed after was more and more streams of yuan qi that begin flowing away from the set radius of their Spirit springs.

Although these little streams were about as thick as one finger, he had finally broken through and opened the door. As long as he continued to endure, the water would constantly flow into unknown areas, like a traveller in the desert.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu was completely immersed in such a beautiful feeling.

He did not just solely feel such a beautiful feeling when he was within his inner vision. At nearly the same time, he could clearly sense that there was something he had never noticed before in his own body breaking. An invisible barrier was broken by tens of thousands of rays of light.

This was a delightful feeling that was hard to describe using words.

It was like a gust of wind that completely blew away all the sands on his own body. The clouds in the sky were completely blown apart and all the barriers that were blocking the true face of this world was dispersed. Everything that he could sense suddenly became clearer and brighter, as if he was entering into a completely new world.

Such a feeling was as if the world he previously was in was enveloped by a layer of cloth, where everything was not real.

And right now, this layer of cloth was revealed. The true world came into his eyes.

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes, looking at the sunlight entering from the crevice of the window. It was like a golden sword of light landing next to him. He looked at the dust dancing in that ray of light; the world was unprecedentedly clear. He moved his hand and he was able to see the air currents moving around the fingers in his palm, as if it was a flow of sand. He was able to sense that there was an incredible power existing in this world that restricting every living and dead matter in it.

This... was the power of the laws.

An expert of the Bitter Sea stage could already faintly interact with the power of the laws, the laws of the world.

But to truly understand and comprehend it, and use such laws, one must wait until they reached the Heaven Ascension stage.

If one did not ascend to Heaven, one was ultimately still a mortal. How would they be able to control the power of the laws?

But for some experts of the Bitter Sea stage, they could already sense faintly the existences of the Laws. This was already enough to make them undefeatable amongst other Bitter Sea stage experts.

Ye Qingyu slowly stood up.

A powerful energy surged from within his body, making him feel slightly comfortable.

"The Bitter Sea stage, a realm of entirely new power..."

Ye Qingyu familiarized himself with the powerful energy in his body.

Compared to the Spirit spring stage, after entering into the Bitter Sea stage, the yuan qi was not as tyrannical and powerful in his body. Instead, it became like the stream of a river. There was a faint sensation of power surging within his meridians, as if the qi had already turned into liquid, like it was the blood flowing in his vessels. Although it was soundless, but it was powerful.

Ye Qingyu used inner vision.

Within his dantian, in the desert world, there were yuan qi spring after yuan qi spring, that spread about everywhere, nourishing this dried up world.

The eye of the Spring that was now covered by the Spirit water, was still emitting clear spring water. And below this was the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that was currently being nourished ----the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that had transformed into the size of a fist, emitted faint bronze colours. But the space inside was vast, and it contained the majority of Ye Qingyu's gains.

As for the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] in Ye Qingyu's consciousness, that mysterious bronze book was already transferred over into his dantian world.

After the [Stream] stage of the Bitter Sea stage, the desert world of his dantian was able to incorporate even more. It could already store the mysterious ancient book. But it was only that after it entered into the dantian world, it still could not be like the [Cloud Top Cauldron], where it nourished within a Spirit spring. It was like a fierce sun, hanging in the air, letting out a bright glimmer, as if it was illuminating the whole world.

From the sixty Spirit springs to become a Bitter Sea stage expert at the Stream stage, this represented that Ye Qingyu had excavated forty Spirit springs.

The purification of the bronze book had long occured when they were in the Formation palace. As for the contents of those tens of pages of the ancient book, those could already be read. It was only that Ye Qingyu did not have time to have a look yet.

But right now, he did not plan to have a look immediately.

The number one reason for this was that he had to first stabilize his current cultivation level.

The second was that he had remained within Deer City for far too long. He had already exceeded his original plans, therefore he needed to leave. To want to return the corpses of those dead sentries back to their hometown needed a fair deal of time, and he also needed to ensure he would not be late in answering the call to Snow capital.

Creak.

Pushing open the wooden door, Ye Qingyu greeted the sunlight bursting through as he entered the rear garden.

The sunlight was bright and splendid.

There was the smell of grass and soil in the air.

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in, an expression of rapture on his face.

He had finally reached the Bitter Sea stage.

He had finally satisfied the conditions his father had left behind. He could finally righteously head towards the Capital.

Snow capital, the altar of the Imperial family, I am coming.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head towards the sunlight, shouting soundlessly in his heart.

……

……

The news that Marquis Ye had finally ended his isolation training quickly spread out throughout Deer City.

The people coming to pay a visit became more and more.

But they were all blocked outside by Gatekeeper Jiao at the door.

And as for the people who did not crowd around the doors of the Ye household and were at the stores and buildings owned by the Ye family, they would coincidentally see the Marquis Ye who was patrolling around his family properties. But they did not recognize him, this youth that was dressed in white, was the Marquis Ye that had saved the entire Deer City from their destruction. There would occasionally be one or two young noble ladies that felt that this young man was especially handsome and exceptional. They only gave him an extra glance or two because of his appearance.

Ye Qingyu had been forced by Tang San to have a look around his own family property.

Marquis Ye had been rather shameless when he had made Tang San, a young man that was around the same age as him, as the manager of several stores and properties. At this time, he had to do some of the responsibilities as the owner, and he could only do a cursory circle and tour around stores like the [Miaoyu Restaurant] and the [Furong Store].

Of course, he had only taken a cursory inspection.

When Tang San came over with the accounting books and introduced the members of staff, Ye Qingyu did not try to memorize anything at all.

He had the power of photographic memory, but it seemed that its only use was in matters concerning martial arts or the martial path.

Those members of staff, hearing their young master was coming over, were all incomparably excited. It was unknown where they found a shadow image formation, but everyone fought over the right to take a shadow image with the young master for a memory.

Tang San was rightly named as a young business genius. The business of the Ye family were managed well and organized by him. In the Deer City today, he was already somewhat famed. The tongue of this fellow was somewhat slippery and flattering, but he was absolutely loyal towards Ye Qingyu. In this past year, he was cautious and conscientious. But with the Ye household today, he no longer needed to endure such hard times as before.

After finishing inspecting his own property, Ye Qingyu thought it over and decided to pay a visit to the City Lord's residence.

Ever since coming to the Deer City, Ye Qingyu had never paid a visit to the City Lord's residence.

According to the rules of the Empire, Ye Qingyu had a need to pay a visit to the officers of the local area.

There were still matters he had to do regarding upholding social protocol.

On the way, Tang San seemed to have thought of something. He asked probingly, "Master, in this period of time, the people from the Dugu Financial Organization came to the city and met with me then the Song Merchantile Organization. The emissary that came was very courteous, and seemed they wanted to cooperate with the Ye household..."

Ye Qingyu looked at Tang San and could not give him a kick. Laughingly scolding him, "You've wanted to ask this question for a long time, right?"

Tang San chuckled.

He did not mind this kick of his young master at all.

"Hehe, young master, with the scale of the Ye household today, we no longer need to worry about our basic necessities. With you here, no one dares make trouble for us. But if we want to advance a step further, we still need to borrow the power of massive organisations like the Dugu family," Tang San uttered his plans.

Ye Qingyu's expression became serious.

After remaining silent for five minutes, Ye Qingyu finally opened his mouth, "This offer of assistance, give it over to the Song family. The Ye household is happy and in harmony currently; that is enough. There is no need to fight over the wealth of the mortal world, just do your best. Aunt Qin and the others does not have any great ambition. As for myself, I have never had any plans on turning the Ye household into a power like the Dugu Finanical Organization. As long as I am able to make the properties my parents left behind prosper, that is enough."

----------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 327:


Tang San hesitated, then slowly nodded his head.

Ye Qingyu knew what he thought about in his heart. He laughed, "There are many matters one must do in one's life. There are some matters that must be sacrificed... En, as for you, you are definitely a talent of the business world. And you are so young. Remaining in the Ye household and managing such small matters is definitely wasting your talent.

"Marquis, please don't tease me. If not for your encouragement and the opportunity you gave me, I would still be a ruffian within Deer City today. I..." Tang San jumped in fright, tears in his eyes as he explained himself.

Ye Qingyu gave him a kick again, and laughing scolded him yet again. "Look at you being so nervous... I still haven't said I'm chasing you out. It's only that the Ye household is still too small, and I don’t have the wish to make it larger. I can't let a talent like you always remain in such a well. How about this, why don't I let you go and experience things in the Dugu Financial Organization. When your horizons have broadened and your wings have grown, your methods have turned sharper and your heart more sneaky, then you can return to my side.”

"Young master, you mean..." Tang San hesitated, then understood what Ye Qingyu meant. He was secretly excited in his heart, nodding his head in acceptance.

As they spoke, they had already arrived at the City Lord's residence.

Tang San quickly rushed forward to notify.

Very quickly, there were soldiers that ran out from the City Lord's office. They formed two rows of troops, neat and orderly uniform in a row. Then Qin Ying and his family walked out from the gate.

"We greet Marquis Ye's arrival. Your presence brings us glory, forgive us for our tardiness in greeting you."

There was a smile in Qin Ying's face, as he greeted from far away with clasped hands.

Such a display quickly attracted the attention of everyone. Very rapidly, a crowd gathered at the entrance to the City Lord's office.

"City Lord Qin, you are too courteous. I am also a citizen of this city, I should long have came to pay my respects to the City Lord." Ye Qingyu returned such a display with a smile, heading towards the platform of the entrance.

Qin Ying evidently was very passionate, introducing his own family to Ye Qingyu.

The wife of the City Lord was a thirty-year-old noble woman. Her appearance was luxurious, and had an exceptional grace. When she was young, she was definitely a peerless beauty. She had three children, the elder Qin Wugou was said to have studied in the academy at the Capital and ultimately remained in the Capital. Her second child, Qin Wuchen was a businessman, and remained travelling for most of the year. There was only their youngest child, Qin Wushuang within the residence, and he received the pampering and love of this husband and wife pair completely.

"Senior brother Qin, we meet again." Ye Qingyu smiled at him.

Qin Wushuang face was complex as he stared at Ye Qingyu. Only after a while did he lower his head, and clasped his hand, "Marquis Ye, you are being too courteous. I don't dare."

Within the residence, people quickly prepared a feast.

This time, Ye Qingyu had come to just fulfill an official duty. He did not really plan to converse in depth with Qin Ying. During the feast, Qin Ying changed the subject of conversation towards the Right Minister that was diverted expressionlessly several times by Ye Qingyu. Seeing this, Qin Ying did not raise the subject yet again.

Two hours quickly passed.

Ye Qingyu rose up to say his farewell.

Qin Ying saw him off.

At the entrance, in this process, the Qin Wushuang who always remained silent, suddenly opened his mouth, "Marquis, many of the senior brothers and sisters wanted to see your glory in the academy... will you be able to free up some time to see everyone?"

There was a difficult expression on his face.

Evidently he had had been persuaded by some people in the White Deer Academy to say such words.

For Qin Wushuang, facing the Ye Qingyu today was a feeling that only he himself knew what it was like. What it was like for such a proud and sensitive noble young man who was once a rightful chosen child of the heavens within the members of the students of White Deer Academy. Originally after entering the academy, he would receive the praise and admiration of everyone, he would become the brightest and most glorious student. This was the dream of being a hero that every youth yearned towards.

But when he entered the academy, Ye Qingyu suddenly appeared, causing Qin Wushuang to suffer setback after setback.

But at that time, because of his noble status, he was still able to face everything.

Especially after Ye Qingyu left. Qin Wushuang was finally able to become the strongest student of all the others students. He became the brightest pupil. Everything that belonged to him seemed to have returned into his hands.

But after a year or so had passed, when Ye Qingyu returned from the frontlines, all his pride and success was completely gone.

His last trace of pride also collapsed at this moment.

That poor and common youth could already stand side by side with his father. For a noble young master like him, he had no advantage at all when he was standing in front of Ye Qingyu.

such a feeling was like a toddler facing against a divine warrior who had fought over a hundred battles. Was there any possibility of winning?

Qin Wushuang had already given up all hopes of competing with Ye Qingyu.

"The students of White Deer Academy?" Hearing such words, Ye Qingyu fell silent for a while. Ultimately, he shook his head, "Fine, after all, we were once classmates. This afternoon, I will meet with everyone at White Deer Academy. Thinking back, I really miss the relaxed times within the academy."

……

He left the Qin residence, walking away thousands of meters.

At this time, a bolt of white lightning shot out, landing on Ye Qingyu's shoulders.

It was the lazy and relaxed silly little dog, Little Nine.

"Did you discover anything?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Little Nine shook his head, saying with fatigue, "I’ve searched inside and outside. There's nothing to be found. I couldn't smell anything to do with that silver little sword, the Qin residence is very clean

"It's very clean?" Ye Qingyu said thoughtfully.

Today he had come to the Qin residence. Apart from performing some routine duties, he also wanted to attempt to find some clue regarding that strange and peculiar little sword. That mysterious person had judged that the strange silver sword did not originate from the Formation palace of the crowd of demonic beasts. It had nothing to do with the [Fog of Annihilation]. Therefore, he must return to his original suspect.

Perhaps everything had something to do with the City Lord.

Every since entering the Qin residence, he had carefully examined it. He had even used his consciousness to investigate. Ever since entering the [Stream] stage of Bitter Sea stage, Ye Qingyu's consciousness had transformed. He could hide from the sentry formation and experts of the residence, and examine. As for the Little Nine with an excellent sense of smell, he was also brought to the residence and hiddenly searched for any clues.

Before entering, Ye Qingyu had given the silly dog the smell of the strange little silver sword.

If there really was a smell of the strange little sword within the residence, he would definitely be able to find it.

But the result made Ye Qingyu somewhat disappointed.

"Could I have suspected the wrong person? Qin Ying had nothing to do with the death of my parents?" Ye Qingyu hiddenly asked himself.

It seemed that all clues were about to break off.

Ye Qingyu's mood was somewhat down.

Little Nine wanted his reward, moaning with emotion that he wanted to drink alcohol and eat meat. Ye Qingyu could only bring Tang San and him to [Heavenly fFagrance Restaurant]. This was a property that belonged to the Ye family, and it was also one of the most popular restaurants of the city.

At the entrance to the restaurant, Ye Qingyu turned around unintentionally. His vision nearly darkened, and he nearly fell down the stairs.

Because he could faintly see, about a hundred meters away, the Wen Wan with his face filled with his beard, was wearing a smock with his sleeves rolled up. He was at the entrance to a street, eating bowl after bowl of noodles. There was a stack of empty bowls next to him that was nearly two meters tall. This had completely become the spectacle of the street. The countless people in the surroundings looked at him like they were staring at a monster. It was only that Wen Wan, this weird person, had an excited expression.

At this time, the title of [Noodle Eating Monster] had already spread out throughout Deer City.

According to logic, with Wen Wan's cultivation, even if he did not eat for half a month, he would not be affected whatsoever. According to the same logic, no one would be shocked if he did not stop eating for an entire day and night. However, this idiot, ever since the beginning of the Martial Alliance Meeting at Youyan Pass, for some reason, began to madly eat noodles. Every time he saw the owner of the noodle stand, he became as excited as seeing his own father.

Ye Qingyu felt that he had best keep his distance from this idiot.

He could not be embarrassed along with this person.

Therefore, he dragged Tang San, who was about to go up and greet Wen Wan, directly into [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant].

Because it was his personal property, they did not have to book a table. They could easily occupy the highest class private room. In but a moment’s time, a whole table of delicacies was presented. The originally lazy Little Nine that was lying about, instantly became invigorated. He began stuffing things into his mouth like a hurricane.

"Pour wine, pour wine...."

The silly dog bit into his food, and began ordering the pretty female servants with his paw.

The pretty server laughingly poured more wine.

Those who were able to book such a private room, was definitely rich or noble. But the pretty waitress did not imagine that this entire table of food was prepared for this white dog to eat. But they could not help but say, that this white dog’s spirit looked somewhat cute.

"Ah, this is a true dog's life. This is too enjoyable..." The silly dog licked at the wine, and suddenly frowned. "That's not right, this alcohol is missing a taste. Let me think... Ah, I know..."

As he said this, he suddenly jumped onto Ye Qingyu's shoulder. He bit onto the little silver hairpin and threw it into his bowl of alcohol.

"Haha, using a living dragon to submerge into alcohol. Dragon Wine is a true delicacy, wahahahaha!" This idiot began laughing excitedly.

Ye Qingyu was also amused by him.

Little Silver did not mind in the slightest. It began swimming about leisurely in the bowl of wine, and seemed to be extremely sleepy. It suddenly opened his mouth, and drank a mouthful, instantly appearing somewhat drunk.

Tang San was gobsmacked by the side.

The pretty female servers also had their mouth open.

After a short moment, there was a knock at the door.

Tang San was taken aback, turning towards the door. After a while, he entered again. "Young master, the leader of the Two River Gang is asking to see you.”

Lang Zhong?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then he instantly remembered that the [Little Shang Sword] was brought to the [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant] by this Lang Zhong originally. Although they had only met once, but Ye Qingyu had a deep impression of this person. As one of the largest gangs within Deer City, the Two River Gang was not as exceptional or as famous as the Three Schools and Three Sects, but as the saying goes, even a mouse has its ways. Such little gangs also had their value.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 328:


It was only that, why did Lang Zhong come to find him at this time?

"Tell him to come in.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Tang San walked out again.

Very quickly, he brought a person in.

It was a young man wearing a purple martial soldier outfit. His figure was heroic and muscular, with bronze skin and scarlet red hair. The sword-like eyebrows were high up on his face, and his eyes were especially piercing. There was a heroicness about him, and an aura formed around him, like a long blade that was half drawn out. The sharpness of the sword made one unable to regard him directly.

Without needing any introduction, this person was naturally the Lang Zhong of the Two River Gang.

Tang San was a person with especially discriminating eyesight. After bringing Lang Zhong inside, he gave a sign to the pretty server.

This server could be counted as clever. She immediately realized, and soundlessly departed after excusing herself.

At this time, she could already largely guess at Ye Qingyu's true identity.

To be able to make Tang San, who was famed throughout Deer City, to be so respectful towards him and call him young master, apart from the legendary Marquis Ye, who else could it be?

The girl wanted to remain in the private room for a bit longer, but she dared not tarry.

She waited respectfully outside the room. Her exquisite little face was filled with a red hue due to excitement. Her hand was pressed against her chest, resisting the urge to shriek in excitement.

Marquis Ye was really handsome.

The eyes of this girl turned to someone who seemed to have lovesickness.

Inside the private room.

"I pay my respects to Marquis Ye." Lang Zhong was exceedingly respectful when he entered. He bowed fully, with his knees touching the ground.

Ye Qingyu frowned. With a lift of his hands, an invisible energy surged out, carrying Lang Zhong's body up. "You don't have to pay such great respects, Leader Lang. You are not someone of the military. As someone belonging to the Jianghu, you are not restricted by the greetings of the government. You don't have to be so courteous in front of me."

Lang Zhong shook his head. "I did not pay my respects because of your military identity. I did it because you are my young master.”

"Young master?" There was a questioning light that flashed by in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

Lang Zhong could not bow down anymore, but he still didn't dare be disrespectful. He straightened his body, took out a faint yellow letter, and handed it over with both hands, his body bowing over with an emotional expression.

Ye Qingyu's gaze landed on the letter. Elegant and powerful black brushstrokes entered into his eyes.

His heart, suddenly thudded.

Such penmanship...

Ye Qingyu quickly stood up, an expression of shock on his face. At a quick speed, he nearly tore it from Lang Zhong’s hands and looked at the letter. He could clearly see the elegant characters at the front of the letter.

"For my beloved child, Ye Qingyu."

It was as if there were millions of bolts of silver lightning that struck Ye Qingyu. Ye Qingyu's brain suddenly overloaded, turning completely blank.

How could this be possible?

It was the penmanship of his mother.

It was absolutely the handwritten words of his mother.

Ye Qingyu was really too familiar with his mother's handwriting. He could tell it was her with just with one glance. Such elegant characters had once played an extremely important part of Ye Qingyu's life. Ever since he could remember and understand things, it was his mother Li Ying who had taught Ye Qingyu to read and write. There were not any private teachers that were hired in the Ye Household, and all that Ye Qingyu knew about literature was taught by Li Ying.

In an instant, countless memories rushed into Ye Qingyu's heart.

Once, he had followed beside his mother as they recited poems.

Once, he had learned to recognize characters with his mother in the martial dojo.

Once, his mother had taught him how to write.

Once, he was scolded by his mother when he made a mistake when writing a character.

Once, his mother had tightly hugged him because he had written his first intact verse of a poem.

Once, he had helped his mother copy books to sell.

Once, under his mother’s smiling expression, he had finished reciting the book of reflection that was written when the Empire was founded.

He had once...

Countless images began rushing out like a flood from his memories. It completely submerged Ye Qingyu. In those four years when he remained at the cemetery, Ye Qingyu had once buried the love and memories he had of his parents deep within the depths of his heart. He thought he could greet these memories that would not come back with a smile, but when his mother's writing appeared before him once again, Ye Qingyu's eyes dampened unstoppably and nearly instantly.

Ye Qingyu bore the surging emotions in his heart. He slowly turned around, staring out the window, tears streaming down his face.

Lang Zhong seemed to have guessed at something. His expression was also moved, his body faintly shaking.

Tang San did not know the reason why his young master was so emotionally moved. Although he did not see Ye Qingyu's tears, but he could faintly feel something. He could not help but be curious. It was unimaginable just what did Lang Zhong bring, that would make his young master turn into such a state. After all, he was a person who would not even flinch if an ancient divine mountain collapsed in front of him.

After a while.

The entire private room was wrapped up in silence.

Ye Qingyu ultimately was not able to bear it. Under such familiar and tragic emotions, even he himself with his Bitter Sea stage of cultivation, was not able to control his emotions.

Only when his tears touched his garments, did he gradually begin to get a grip on his emotions.

With shaking fingers, he opened the letter.

“My child, if you're reading this letter, then this represents that Lang Zhong has already judged that the you today, is powerful enough to hold on your own. You have the ability to protect yourself. Your parents are so proud, that such a day has finally arrived... Mother has left you this letter because there are so many things that I want to say to the you today. I wonder just how tall and how long you will have cultivated when you read this. Your mother and father cannot imagine, just what you look like at this time...”

Such familiar characters. Ye Qingyu once again wiped away the tears at his sleeve.

Such a letter was like his mother's gentle hand coming to wipe away the dust on his memories. It made him unable but return to the memories of the past.

Such a letter was like a sharp blade that caused Ye Qingyu's layer of defense and disguise to be instantly cut apart. The most bitter but also the sweetest memories in his heart, once again appeared clear and crystal-like in front of Ye Qingyu.

"I know that you have many questions in your heart. I don't have time to speak too much. Mother and father have received orders of enlistment to protect the city. It is hard to even tell whether we will even be able to return. Child, remember several things. Number one, there is noble, majestic blood flowing through your veins. The second, you can entirely trust in Lang Zhong. The third, don't go investigating the matters regarding that little silver sword. Fourth, if you have time, then go often to walk around White Deer Academy. The fifth, before you leave Deer City, shift the graves of me and your father. Don't create a new grave, just sink the coffin into the river…”

"My child, your mother really can't bear to part with you."

"My child, you have to be obedient."

"My child..."

Such last words were like the normal, nagging worlds of his mother towards his own child. It was both warm and mired in minor details. But there was a goodbye of life and death like the cut of a blade contained within. There was an unwillingness to part that was impossible to describe using words. And at the last parts of the letter, there was a crumpled part, with messy ink stains. It was as if tears had wetted it and it had dried once again.

When mother was writing this letter, she was definitely crying.

Perhaps it was not only his mother who was crying. His father---in his memory a mighty and powerful man, had perhaps also shed tears.

When Ye Qingyu read to the last parts, his eyes were already completely wet.

it was as if he could see the scene of his mother and father donning armour, with battle blades in his hands stepping onto the city walls to do battle in his bright and glimmering tears. It was as if he saw the scene of his mother ordering someone to hand this letter to Lang Zhong. He thought of himself nervously waiting at the entrance to his family household for ten days and ten nights, but ultimately what awaited him was the news that his parents were heavily injured...

It was unknown just how long time had passed.

Ye Qingyu's emotions, gradually began to settle.

His heart faintly moved, and then all the tears on his face and clothing instantly evaporated.

He carefully folded the letter into the envelope, then cautiously place it into his embrace. Thinking it over again, he once again took it out, and placed it into the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in the desert world of his dantian ---this was Ye Qingyu's space that was the most secure and safe.

Then, he slightly turned around.

Ye Qingyu gave a deep bow to the Lang Zhong.

Lang Zhong's expression greatly changed, his face helpless. Quickly, "Young master you... don't make things hard on me."

"Brother Lang, you must accept my bow," Ye Qingyu said with emotion. "You've preserved this letter for over five years. Today, you've handed it to me. For me, Ye Qingyu, this is a great debt. After seeing this letter, I suddenly understand. Two years ago, when the Two River Gang took away the [Little Shang] sword, in reality you were secretly protecting this Spirit weapon, to prevent it from falling in the hands of others. When I entered into White Deer Academy and had the power to protect myself, you then returned the [Little Shang] sword at the first instant. You've also kept hiddenly protecting me, without appearing. I, Ye Qingyu, thank you for your loyalty."

Lang Zhong had an expression of fear. "Young master, you have exaggerated. When I was a beggar, and was like a rat in the sewers, and was held in disdain by others, it was mistress who saved me and my sister. It was mistress who hiddenly taught us martial arts and assisted us. Her debt is great towards me. The Two River Gang was also created by mistress. It was only that mistress did not appear, and just managed matters in the background. The way she did things was cautious, so no one of the gang knew her true identity. The mistress gave the position of the leader of the Two River Gang to me. I did not dare slack, and walked on thin ice in these days, but I could not cause the Two River Gang to advance any more. I have failed the responsibilities mistress gave me..."

As these words were said, not only Ye Qingyu, but Tang San was also shocked.

What?

The Two River Gang was created by Ye Qingyu’s mother?

This was far too inexplicable.

Ye Qingyu did not know of this matter at all.

In his memory of his mother, she was a gentle and quiet woman that was calm, neat and orderly. Although she knew martial arts, but she would only show herself briefly in the martial arts dojo. She could not be said to be powerful... Although not long ago, Wen Wan and Hon Kong both admitted the strength of his mother was not any less to them, but Ye Qingyu did not place too much thought in this.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

