Chapter 633:


Chapter 651, The secret that only one person knows



At nightfall.



The thousand of miles of cloudless sky was still like a crystal clear and clean lake, blending together with the faint blush colour of dusk and the white mist rising from the Snow capital, forming a unique firework atmosphere.

On the streets of the Snow capital.



After coming out from the Two Rivers Group’s teahouse, Ye Qingyu was in no hurry to return to Light City.



He paced through the lit streets and alleys like a wealthy young master wandering around with no particular purpose.

His departure from the imperial capital in ten days was a decision that he made the day before.



“But before I leave, I have to go see someone first...” Ye Qingyu seemed to have made up his mind. On a crowded and lively street with pedestrians and sellers busy shouting, he suddenly vanished like a wisp of mist.



Ten miles to the west of the imperial palace.



Compared to the bustling market in the city, this place was extremely peaceful and quiet.



There was a winding blue stone path that branched out from the main street, and several hundreds of meters along the path, an imperial residence, like a glimmer of hope at the end of a tunnel, appeared at the end of the stone path.

The palace, which occupied acres of land, was called a palace, but it was more like the courtyard of a scholar.



The outside of the palace was lightly enveloped by a faint golden rune formation, and martial artists lower than the Biter Sea stage could not see the palace hidden at the end of the little town at all.



Ye Qingyu, standing on the last stone of the winding blue stone path and looking at the profound golden runes that were like a layer of veil slowly circulating, could not help but smile. “Faintly hidden in the city... The First Princess' state of mind is really admirable.”



This palace in front of him was the imperial residence of the First Princess, [Youqiong Palace].



“Since you've come, why haven't you come in...” A clear and gentle voice like the sweet scent of a flower being carried by the wind, came from the depths of the palace.



At the same time---



The scale-like brilliance of the formation was suddenly rippling gently.



The formation veil in front of Ye Qingyu was like two upside-down banana leaves. It suddenly lifted open on both sides, revealing two wood-coloured doors carved with patterns of blooming Snowball flowers and an at least one-meter-wide passageway.



“So another world lies beyond...”



Ye Qingyu looked at this unusual ‘door’ and couldn’t help complimenting it.



He walked along the little blue stone path, slowly making his way into the palace and constantly glancing around.

What he saw was not the usual golden and beautifully decorated imperial palace that exuded an imposing majesty.

The entire palace was simply surrounded by simple red bricks and covered with gold roof tiles. There were countless green vines winding up the red walls. The colours of red and green were contrasting each other, which made the leaves fluttering in the wind appear greener.



At the corner of the courtyard, inside a ten-meter radius semi-circle fish pond, were several fish leisurely moving their tails back and forth, jumping out of the water from time to time, performing somersaults, and landing with a huge splash.



Along the way, there was only one single blue stone path, which was exactly the same as the one outside. Both sides of the path were lined with various species of Snowball flowers.



All the beautiful flowers were like delicate lanterns, the tip of the bud was slightly opened, and a delicate fragrance seemed to linger around the entire courtyard.

Above the palace.



A hook-like crescent moon was already hanging in the sky.



The clear and cold moonlight projected onto the light-emitting formation lanterns, which made those winding vines and the beautiful Snowball flowers that were like a dwarf bush thicket look like a shy beauty under the moonlight.



“I didn't expect there to be such an amazing place in Snow capital...” Ye Qingyu slowed down his pace, immersing in the elegant atmosphere.



“You didn't notify me beforehand, could it be that you heard that it is a good time to view the blooming of Snowball flowers tonight?” In the only side palace hall at the end of the palace there was a beautiful figure coming out slowly. It was the owner of this palace, Yu Junqing.



“There isn't even one guard in First Princess' palace...” Ye Qingyu no longer lingered around, and walked directly toward the figure under the moonlight.



“I like quiet.” The first princess smiled, the silver embroidered flowers on her light purple silk dress bloomed vividly.



……



In the side palace hall.



The square hall was extremely empty and had an extremely simple layout and furnishings, looking more like the residence of a scholar.

Only the two southwest walls were hung with a dozen or more life-like paintings of Snowball flowers, exuding traces of vitality.



Behind the golden bead curtain in the east of the palace, a dark red guqin was sitting there silently, as if waiting for Bo Le to play its inner voice into music.



A three-meter square tea table was placed in the center of the hall with all sorts of different patterned wooden blocks that looked like tree stumps. On the table, there was a beautiful sound of tea slowly floating up from the glass teacup.



“Sit down.” Yu Junqing stretched out a long slender finger from her flowing sleeve, pointing to a strangely shaped wooden block.



Ye Qingyu looked at the ordinary stump with a smiling expression. He seemed to have been accustomed to the unusual style of the First Princess of the Snow Empire.

“As expected...”



The moment he was seated, he felt the mysteriousness of the wooden stump, which confirmed his speculation.



The wooden stump was seemingly plain and like a tree stump that could be picked up everywhere in the woods, but as Ye Qingyu got nearer there was an endless flow of gentle intent.



These strange wooden blocks were very beneficial to a martial artist's cultivation. They contained a warm qi similar to a gurgling spring, which entered the limbs and heart to wash away the impurities in the meridians.



“It seems that all the displays in this hall are the same as those in the Light Palace. They must not be underestimated.” Ye Qingyu received the teacup that Yu Junqing passed over, feeling the warmth coming to his fingertips. It was an extremely comfortable feeling.

After a few words of greeting.



“Next, what are your plans?” The First Princess flipped her hand over, and with a flash of green light, two palm-sized jade cups appeared in her hands.



“I'm planning to leave Snow capital in ten days.” Ye Qingyu took one of the wine cups and filled it with wine.



The aroma of wine instantly hit him, and this floral aroma was the same as that of the Snowball flowers in the courtyard.



Not only that, but inside the wine that was emitting a rich fragrance there was an incomparably pure energy contained within in.

As the wine entered the mouth, it instantly transformed into a plume of energy that flowed towards the bones and limbs.

Seeing the surprised expression on Ye Qingyu's face, Yu Junqing revealed a proud smile, “haha... this [Snowball Flower Immortal Wine] is a treasure of the Snow Empire, it is made from the unique Snowball flowers in my courtyard and the sweet syrup that it produces when it blooms. There is less than ten bottles made a year. You're lucky, boy.”

After she said that, she stretched out her long, slender fingers, gently brushing the bottle mouth. The brown leather seal dissolved and the aroma of wine immediately pervaded the hall.

Yu Junqing tilted her head back and drank a mouthful of wine, her movements were very graceful.



This appearance, and this demeanour, were a bit similar to the beautiful figure who was drinking to her hearts content in the bamboo forest...



Ye Qingyu was taken aback for a moment, and then gently shook his head, smiling helplessly, “After I leave Snow capital, I will first visit White Deer Academy in Deer City, and then check on the people of the Ye residence, and then I will travel to Youyan Pass and pay a visit to some old friends there.”



“And then...” Yu Junqing gently swirled the jade wine cup, seemingly more interested in his following plans.

“Next I will head all the way south from Youyan Pass, visit the Three Sects and Three Schools in the central plains, as well as some remote sects in the Snow Empire.” Ye Qingyu pensively looked at the wine that was flashing a silvery light.

“The Sky Dragon is finally going to reveal his fangs...” Yu Juqing nodded with a smile. She opened her mouth and inhaled. A wisp of the Immortal wine, like a transparent spirit snake, came pouring into her mouth.



“The overall situation of the Snow Empire now is stable, but the state of Jianghu is still surging in the dark. The purpose of my visit this time, naturally, is to clean up the unstable forces, and to take the opportunity to bring these sects under the rule of the Snow Empire.” Ye Qingyu's eyes flickered like stars. “After settling the Jianghu situation, I plan to take a look at the Four Demon Courts.”

After going over his plans, Ye Qingyu also put down the wine cup, drew in a deep breath, and a wisp of wine, like it was pulled by some kind of strange force, leaped up and slipped into his mouth.



Opposite, Yu Junqing's eyes were flickering as she set down the wine cup on the table. She suddenly stood up and walked toward the moonlit hall entrance, “This is the outcome of the discussion in the Crown Prince's imperial residence a few days ago?”



Ye Qingyu was still sitting on the wooden stump, his back facing the Immortal-like figure that was bathed in moonlight, nodding slightly.



After a few moments of silence.



“With your strength, you indeed have the ability to do these things, just that, you must be careful...” The beautiful figure under the moonlight slowly opened her mouth, her voice was ordinary, and there wasn’t any obvious change of tone. “You're really like that person... When he went to wipe out the rebellion forces, I was as old as Xing'er now…”

A very complex emotion slipped passed Ye Qingyu's heart.



He naturally knew who ‘that person’ that the First Princess mentioned was, as if his influence on the lifeline of the Snow Empire had been rooted in the depths of every high-ranking authority, became a near-worshipping level existence.

“That day, you said that after I enter the offering temple again, there is one thing you said you needed to tell me. What is it?” Ye Qingy's eye fell on the formation candles on the table.



Among the dark candlesticks, there was only a slight flickering flame.

“What have you learned in the temple?” The princess did not turn her head around, still seemingly gazing at the hazy moonlight in the sky.



Ye Qingyu gently nodded, then shook his head, “There is something, but... still not very clear...”



Yu Juqing slowly nodded, finally turning around. As though her cold eyes were affected by the moonlight she looked at the rear view of the tall and straight figure whose black hair was flowing down his back like a waterfall. “There is an important matter that, in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, only I know about for now... After you left, the domain gate was activated again...”



“What?!” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.



Yu Junqing leisurely recounted the incident as she walked over to the tea table.



It turns out that one month after Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing left Heaven Wasteland Domain, there was a young expert who claimed to be a special envoy of the Domain Alliance who had entered Heaven Wasteland Domain without anyone knowing.



“The youngster who claims to be a special envoy of the Domain Alliance [Heaven Patrol Special Envoy]. He very easily broke through the formation of my courtyard. And before I could react, he was already standing in front of me... His strength is far above mine...” Yu Junqing's eyes gradually grew serious. “Although this person was young, but his attitude was very ruthless and arrogant. He came to find me because I was the most powerful person in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, so he came to me directly to convey the command of the Domain Alliance.” ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 634:


Chapter 652, Healing·Thank you gift



“Command?” Ye Qingyu was astonished.



How would the Domain Alliance have Heaven Wasteland Domain's coordinates?



Why were they so quick to arrange a special envoy into Heaven Wasteland Domain?



For a moment, many speculations flooded his mind.



“The man said that a year later, the Domain Alliance will formally begin to assess the ranking of Heaven Wasteland Domain, in order to determine the ownership of Heaven Wasteland Domain...” Yu Juqing's face twisted with puzzlement.



Ye Qingyu was even more astonished.



In his mind, there were some information that he saw in the jade scroll from the Immortal God Emperor Sect surfacing.



When First Princess saw that Ye Qingyu was silent, as though deep in thought, she had to continue to say, “That [Heaven Patrol Special Envoy’s] attitude was extremely arrogant and overbearing. I wanted to ask a few questions, but he was very impatient and rude, and was not willing to explain more... By the way, you've been to the mature domain of the Clear River Domain before, so do you know what the domain rating is?”

Ye Qingyu nodded, sighing slightly.



“The so-called domain rating, is a rating which the Domain Alliance uses to assess whether a new domain has the ability to govern itself based on the existing civilization, the number of races, as well as the leader and ownership of the area. It also observes whether the new domain will affect the dark evil spirit forces of the Domain Alliance... If it reached the standards that they had set, then this new domain can manage all the developments and things within the domain...”



“If not?” Yu Junqing quickly understood Ye Qingyu's explanation, her eyes flashing.



“If not, it will be forced to be attached to a certain mature domain.” The expression in Ye Qingyu's eyes grew grave, and with an insuppressible chill, “It is pleasant to hear, and it seems to be there to protect us, but in fact, haha, it is more like a relatively unbarbaric invasion. Because if the ratings fail, the new domain will undoubtedly degenerate into an expansion for a mature domain. A land for the exploitation of slavery and resources.”



“Then do you think... can Heaven Wasteland Domain successfully pass the rating assessment?” Yu Junqing clenched the jade wine cup in her hand then set it down again.



“It's hard to say, this rating is not as simple as it seems.” Ye Qingyu carefully recalled the information on the rating and the Domain Alliance that he read from the jade scroll, picking out some key points for Yu Junqing.



“I understand what you mean. In my opinion, whether a domain can be rated successfully, may not really be based on the extent of its development...” Yu Junqing knitted her brows together as she understood Ye Qingyu's words.



“Well, according to the news I obtained from Clear River Domain, the current Domain Alliance is controlled by some highly ambitious and manipulative people, and if one of them attempts to occupy the resources and forces of Heaven Wasteland Domain, everything... it's hard to say...” Ye Qingyu sighed ruminatively.

“But we still have time, don't we?” Yu Junqing pulled back the corners of her mouth into a smile, holding up the teacup with both her hands.



A year of time, for them, it’s not totally hopeless, right?



Opposite the tea table, Ye Qingyu nodded, but still had a thoughtful look on his face.



To expel foreign enemies, they must first unify the major forces in Heaven Wasteland Domain to submit to the rule of the Imperial family. Only when the domain is unified, was it possible to gather the strength of Heaven Wasteland to fight back against foreign enemies.



In his mind, he was more determined on the idea of inspecting Heaven Wasteland Domain and clearing all the unstable forces.



After several moments.



In the air, the aroma of the Snowball flower had intensified and become more fragrant than it was when Ye Qingyu came.

“I still have to ask, the jade scroll that Older Sister Han told Lin Zhen to give to you, have you read it?” Unknowingly, Yu Junqing was already standing by the wall, her line of sight fixed on an ink painting of a Snowball flower.

“Not yet... after going back... I'll take a look.” Ye Qingyu also cast a glance over at the painting, as if at that moment the flower in the painting was emitting a sweet fragrance that spread to his heart, lungs, and dantian.



Yu Junqing understood something.



She did not question further.



Intelligent people do intelligent things.



After a while.



“It's getting late, let me walk you out.” Yu Junqing suddenly turned around and looked at Ye Qingyu, smiling faintly.



Ye Qingyu nodded, then got up and walked toward the door.



The two walked a few steps.



At the doorway, Ye Qingyu felt a little bad. His way of handling the matter of the jade scroll was a little stubborn. After a thought, as he was about to turn around to say something, his countenance suddenly changed.



Because Ye Qingyu suddenly sensed that, among the fragrance floating in the air,  there was a wisp of a very strange aura.



It was the aura of a wounded person.



“Are you injured?!” Ye Qingyu twisted around and exclaimed.



“Oh... I've been pretending for most of the day, but you noticed just as you were about to leave.” Yu Junqing inadvertently smiled, trying hard to cover up. A strange pale colour had spread across her face.



“How were you wounded?” Ye Qingyu was very shocked.

In this side of Heaven and earth, no one should be able to wound Yu Junqing.



Yu Junqing smiled and explained.



It turns out that day the domineering [Heaven Patrol Special Envoy] had made several rude remarks, and his tone of voice was full of contempt and insults to Heaven Wasteland Domain and the Snow Empire. Yu Junqing's manner was gentle and treated him politely, but unexpectedly in exchange for his repeated verbal assaults and he even attempted to molest her. She had held back several times but in the end was forced to attack.



The two fought from the palace all the way up to the peak of the Ninth Heaven and in the end Yu Junqing was seriously wounded.



The [Heaven Patrol Special Envoy], who was also severely injured, was slightly afraid to continue attacking, turned and leapt into the domain gate, leaving Heaven Wasteland Domain.



Ye Qingyu slightly wrinkled his brows when he heard news of such an incident.



The special envoy of the Domain Alliance deserved to die.

However, when he saw Yu Junqing's pale complexion, an uneasy feeling floated to his heart.



Given Yu Junqing's strength, even if injured, it was impossible for her to not fully heal in this half a year of time. What was the reason?



“I'll take a look...” Ye Qingyu turned and walked towards the figure next to the painting.



After a brief thought, Yu Junqing did not decline, nodding her head slightly. Her originally rosy complexion already could no longer hide her exhaustion and haggardness.



Ye Qingyu clapped his right palm on Yu Junqing's shoulder, a wisp of [Supreme Ice Flame] immediately spread from the palm into her body.



[Supreme Ice Flame] was like an icy spiritual fish, swimming around Yu Junqing's bones, limbs, dantian, heart, lungs, and blood vessels. Ye Qingyu examined with his divine sense and was shocked.



It turns out that there was an extremely evil and toxic dark energy left inside Yu Junqing's body.



The fierce and evil dark energy was like an insect egg releasing an endless stream of poisonous qi, which not only hindered the healing of her heart and veins, but was also day after day corroding her yuan qi and cultivation. Even if it were a martial artist of the Heaven Ascension stage, in less than half a year of time, they will be swallowed up by the evil force and become an ordinary person. And if it continues, in less than three years their life would be in danger.



Ye Qingyu's eyes darkened.



Within his eyes, his two pitch-black pupils were like icy iron.



“You already knew about the evil force that the envoy had left in you.”

“Well... I've tried a variety of ways, but... cough... still could not completely force it out of my body...” Yu Juqing revealed a helpless smile.



Lightly thrusting his palm, Ye Qingyu controlled the [Supreme Ice Flame] to fully wrap around the strand of evil dark force and instantly froze it into an icicle.



At this time his mind was surging with invisible rage.

The so-called [Heaven Patrol Special Envoy] had used such a vicious move. If he later met with people of the Domain Alliance, then he must greet them properly.



Fortunately, he had noticed at the key moment, otherwise if the First Princess continued to be stubborn, her Origin source would be damaged and her martial road ruined.

“Why didn't you tell me first thing?” Ye Qingyu grumbled.



The First Princess smiled. “I did not know that you can dissolve this toxic yuan energy.”



Ye Qingyu did not respond.



After a moment, Ye Qingyu withdrew his palm.



The dark energy inside the First Princess' body had been quietly dissipated by [Supreme Ice Flame].



Her expression suddenly relaxed, feeling the vessels of her limbs and bones were once again flowing freely and her breathing became incomparably smooth.



“It seems, I shouldn't have acted brave.” Yu Junqing lightly moved her arms and legs, feeling the comfort of her injury healing rapidly.

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled. The matter today allowed him a more direct understanding of the style of the people of the Domain Alliance.



Yu Junqing took out a large black wine jar from her bosom, and threw it toward Ye Qingyu, “Here, a thank you gift.”

It was a jar full of [Snowball Flower Immortal Wine]. The First Princess was really generous.



Ye Qingyu helplessly smiled, bowed his head, and accepted the gift, before he turned away.



The Snowball flowers in the garden had unknowingly bloomed.



The appearance of the Snowball flowers made the world look pale.



At this moment, it seemed as though all the magnificent sceneries between Heaven and earth were inferior to the incomparably beautiful scene of tens of thousands of flowers blooming in front of Ye Qingyu at the same time, emitting an intoxicating fragrance.



……



Three days later.



Crown Prince's Palace.



The morning breeze was like a gentle veil brushing against the face, bringing a hint of morning dew fragrance.



The rising sun exuded a light warmth, and the golden sun casted its light upon the earth.



The entrance to the main hall of the Crown Prince's Palace.



Clad in a black armour, the little captain of a squad of imperial guards Luo Yi was bathed in the sun, the dark golden pattern of his armour glowing with a gorgeous luster.



His young face was full of vitality, a faint light twinkling in his black pupils.



Last night, he had been practicing for the whole night, but instead of being exhausted, he felt refreshed and full of spirit.



Ever since becoming an imperial guard of the [Blazing Flame Battalion], the military would provide him with a certain amount of Origin crystals for cultivation every month. Each meal in the [Blazing Flame Battalion] also contained food rich in yuan qi and demon beast meat that were prepared with diluted Origin crystal and medicinal herbs, which he and his family could not think of when he was in the Western border.



On the day he was promoted to imperial army captain, he also received supplies exclusive to an imperial army captain. In addition to the standard armour, there was a storage ring, which was stored with a large amount of pure Origin crystal, and several ancients books to guide him on his cultivation----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 635:


Chapter 653, Happiness comes too suddenly



Because of this, his cultivation level had rapidly progressed ever since coming to the Snow capital. In less than half a years time, he had increased from 10 Spirit springs to 40 Spirit springs. In particular, after the promotion to captain of the imperial guards and with the support of the Origin crystal in the storage ring, he had recently been feeling the signs of cultivation ascension!



The rapid improvement of cultivation level made him very satisfied with his present life.



Even if his work everyday involved only him standing guard outside the Crown Prince's palace, even if the work was very dull and monotonous, he did not at all slack off or feel bored. Moreover, he felt that his work was a way for him to train the mind. Isn't that just another method of cultivation?



With this thought, a faint smiled surfaced on Luo Yi's face.

He closely observed the movements around the main hall with a serious face.

At this moment------



At the end of the square in front of the palace.

A figure dressed in black armour caught Luo Yi's eye.

The man, wearing the same [Blazing Flame Battalion] armour as him, was about thirty years old. Tall and burly, he wore a calm look on his face. He had an inch-long scar on his forehead and a short beard. He exuded heroic attributes and looked formidable.



“Huh? Is that not captain Li Rui of the fifth division of [Blazing Flame Battalion]? It should be his day off today, why did he come here all of a sudden?” Luo Yi recognized the figure at a glance.

He immediately stepped up his vigilance in his heart.



Supposedly, Li Rui should not appear here at this time.



Although he was one of them, he still had to be on guard.



After a few moments, Li Rui was already in front of Luo Yi.



“Brother Li, is it not your day off, why did you come to the palace today?” Luo Yi remained vigilant, questioning Li Rui who was standing still in front of him.



Li Rui smiled, “Little brother Luo, rest assured. I was ordered to come take your shift. Commander Bao Shinu summoned you to the Martial Guard Hall.” As he was speaking, he pulled out an order seal of the [Blazing Flame Battalion] from his bosom and handed to Luo Yi. “This is the official shift change seal.”

Luo Yi received the official seal in puzzlement, carefully examining it for a while until he confirmed that there was no error and handed it back to Li Rui. “En, thank you elder brother Li, I'll first go find Commander. I leave the main palace to elder brother Li then.”



“Haha, go now. I’m here, you don't have to worry.” Li Rui laughed heartily.

With his mind full of questions, he rushed to the Martial Guard Hall in the northwest corner of the Crown Prince's palace.

Martial Guard Hall was the place where the commander of the [Blazing Flame Battalion] handled official business.

As early as half a month ago, the Crown Prince had personally issued an order to transfer Bao Shinu to the Crown Prince's imperial residence to assume the post of commander of the [Blazing Flame Battalion], which was responsible for the security of the entire Crown Prince palace. As a result, he became his immediate supervisor from his military instructor.

He did not know why Bao Shinu would suddenly summon him today. He originally wanted to ask Captain Li, but the military order of the [Blazing Flame Battalion] was strict, and they were not allowed to secretly inquire about the order issued by the commanding officer. Therefore, he had to suppress himself from asking questions, not to mention that Captain Li may not necessarily know.



On his way, Luo Yi slightly raised his head to look at the clouds in the horizon. The rosy clouds were extremely beautiful.

“It looks like the weather is pretty good today,” he said thoughtfully.



In puzzlement, he went into the Martial Guard Hall.

The hall was quite empty.



A huge stone table was placed in the center of the hall, and a mountain of documents was stacked on top.

Behind the stone table stood a row of tall bookshelves, which were littered with books and scrolls, and looked quite messy.



Behind the piles of documents, the burly Bao Shinu was hunched over the table, writing something on a document. But the way he held the brush seemed awkward, and his white arm was shaking as he wrote. Not only that, he was constantly sighing, as if writing was a very difficult task.

Luo Yi looked at the commander heaving deep sighs, suddenly feeling a little awkward.



He coughed, performed a military salute, and said in a solemn voice, “Reporting to commander, the captain of the seventh division of the [Blazing Flame Battalion] is here to report to you!”



Bao Shinu grunted, without raising his head, unhurriedly finishing off the documents.



“Come, come and sit down first.”



His expression grew solemn as he responded, “Yes!”



Then he swiftly walked to the chair before the table and sat there quietly.



A moment later.



Bao Shinu put down the brush, arranged the documents together, and placed them on top the stack of documents to his right.



He gently stretched his wrist, and then lifted his head, narrowed his eyes, and smiled at Luo Yi. His eyes seemed to contain an indescribable meaning.

Luo Yi was unable to make sense of what was going on, feeling slightly uncomfortable. The commander's expression was too strange.



Bao Shinu looked at the puzzled Luo Yi and chuckled. “Little Luo, recently in [Blazing Flame Battalion], how has it been?”



Luo Yi was taken aback.

The commander who always looked at everyone with a solemn expression and spoke harshly was so strange today. He grinningly asked how he has been, like a family member asking him about his daily life. It was too unusual.



He greatly suppressed his bewilderment and responded, “Reporting to Commander, everything is good!”



“Okay, okay, no need for the twisting and turning, it's giving me a headache. Don’t speak in a literary style, like when I was training you. You boy... speak properly.” Bao Shinu felt his head aching hearing ‘Commander’ from every sentence of Luo Yi.



Luo Yi's face flashed a hint of embarrassment, as he responded awkwardly, “Yes.”



Bao Shinu smiled, pushing aside the mountain of documents stacked on both sides of his desk and leaving a foot-wide gap. Then, propping his chin in one hand, he quietly studied Luo Yi, his eyes flickering with strange colours.



“Little Luo, do you have any interest in changing positions? Can you accept the transfer to other places?” Bao Shinu said, smiling.



Luo Yi was taken aback.

Transfer?



Why?



He was only promoted to captain a few days ago, could he have made a mistake that he didn't even notice?



But that should not be the case. He had completed his work every day in accordance with the rules and regulations. He shouldn't have made a mistake anywhere.

He was a little bewildered at the thought of this.

What if there really was a problem with his performance and the [Blazing Flame Battalion] was going to send him to other places?



He dared not to imagine him losing his present position and status, for that would mean that he would lose a great deal of resources for his cultivation. His family, although was considered wealthy, could not afford the immense resources that he needed for his future training. Unless he encountered another great opportunity, otherwise his cultivation and martial road would be fraught with difficulties.



More importantly, once he loses his position, it would have a bad influence on his entire family. His family was only able to stand in the Snow Empire because of his status as a captain of the imperial guards.



Luo Yi's heart was filled with bursts of uneasiness, his face also turned gloomy, and he looked somewhat flustered.



He sprang up from the chair in a panic, anxiously asking, “Commander, did I do something wrong that made the Crown Prince unhappy?”



Bao Shinu burst into laughter.



He noticed the change of expression in Luo Yi's eyes and naturally could guess what he was thinking.

Before waiting for Luo Yi to finish, he waved his hand, interrupting with a hearty laugh. “You boy, no need to guess, it's not what you think. Today there is a very good thing falling onto your lap, you don’t know how lucky you are!”



A look of astonishment crossed Luo Yi's face upon hearing these words. He stared blankly at Bao Shinu and was more puzzled than before.



Good matter?



What good matter?



Bao Shinu moved sideways and fumbled out a square black seal from the documents on his right.



He took a glimpse at the black seal, chuckled out loud, and threw it across to Luo Yi.



The black seal landed firmly in the palm of Luo Yi's hand.



Luo Yi first reaction was that the weight of the seal was not light.



Its square body was dark, and was carved from some unknown material. Its texture felt like stone, but was much more heavier than ordinary stones. The palm-sized seal was not marked with any words or symbols, so he could not make out its origin.



Without waiting for him to think too much, Bao Shinu added with a smile, “Later on, go report in the Light City. The specific details, you will know from the official seal.”



Light City?



Luo Yi was infinitely bewildered.



The slightly heavy black seal in his hand seemed to be growing hotter.



He hurriedly injected a trace of yuan qi into the seal and the black official seal suddenly emitted a faint silver halo of light. The message on the official seal also instantly surfaced in his mind.



The bewildered expression on Luo Yi's face was instantly replaced by wild joy.



His right hand that was holding the seal was even trembling.



Because the message in the seal said that the Light Palace Lord Ye Qingyu admired his aptitude, so had personally transferred him to the Light City. He was also to assume the role of Lord Ye’s personal assistant, and Luo Yi needed to directly report to Light City today!



After a cursory read, Luo Yi's heart was racing.



But he resisted the excitement and reread it several times before he dared to confirm what he had seen.



It was only then that he finally believed what he read.



Heavens, that is the Lord of the Light Palace!



The legendary genius who fought against the Demon Race of a foreign domain for the safety of Heaven Wasteland Domain. The hero who did not hesitate to exercise power that surpassed the power of the laws of Heaven and earth and suffered divine punishment as a result. The idol who everyone of Heaven Wasteland Domain worshipped, and should sit high on the altar to accept people’s worship. This person had personally issued an order for him to act as his personal attendant, this was something that he did not even dare to dream about!

He was only a little captain of the imperial guards, and had only seen Lord Ye once at the Crown Prince's palace. Why would he suddenly transfer him to the Light Palace and take the position of his personal assistant?



This really was a pie dropping from the sky.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 636:


Chapter 654, Personally give advice



If this were not the Martial Guard Hall, and his superior Bao Shinu were not here, Luo Yi really would have bounced up and down with joy.

Happiness came too suddenly.

Luo Yi felt he was choking from excitement.

This was an unprecedented experience for him.

So much so that he was petrified, motionless where he was, gasping for breaths.

After a full ten minutes, Luo Yi finally calmed down slowly.

He thought of something again.

He had heard before that when the legendary Palace Lord Ye first came to the Snow capital, Bao Shinu was his military instructor during his special training in the Imperial military building. To have this opportunity today, besides his own talent being noticed by Palace Lord Ye, military instructor Bao Shinu must have also said some good words about him to Ye Qingyu.

Besides joy and excitement, Luo Yi emotionally bowed deeply to Bao Shinu. “Thank you commander for the promotion, subordinate is extremely grateful!”

His voice trembled, his gratitude for Bao Shinu was obvious in his speech.

Bao Shinu waved his hand and smacked his lips, “Little Luo, the opportunity is rare, you’re really lucky, even I envy you, I also want to go work for Palace Lord Ye, but I’m not good enough. Haha, boy, you can be said to be reaching the sky in one step, rapidly going up in the world, but I also have to remind you that, in the future, when you're at Palace Lord Ye’s side, you have to be good. You have a promising future ahead of you!”

……

An hour later.

In the Light Palace.

Young soldier Luo Yi forcibly suppressed his excitement and emotions, standing tall and straight like a spear in the main hall.

And within meters in front of him, sitting upright behind a huge desk was a handsome figure on the stone chair. His white robe was like snow, his black hair was as dark as ink, his brows were long and sword-like, and his demeanour was like that of an Immortal. It was the one in charge of Light City, Light Palace Lord Ye Qingyu.

There was no apparent pressure and imposing manner in the air.

But the little captain of [Blazing Flame Battalion] Luo Yi felt tightness at his throat, and his body unexpectedly became somewhat stiff from nervousness.

Half an hour before.

Luo Yi came to Light City to report.

After submitting the official seal at the city gate, he received the personal guidance of the Light Envoy who handled almost all affairs of the Light City, commander Gao Han, and was brought to the Palace Lord ,Ye Qingyu.

It was Luo Yi's first time seeing the inside of the legendary Light City.

At the most peripheral area of the Light City, the soldiers were sloppily draped in armour and looked extremely leisurely. Laughing and joking, and some were even secretly hiding behind the city walls gambling, like a group of market gangsters. These should be the legendary Light City soldiers.

As soon as Luo Yi saw the Light soldiers he understood how the rumours about them came about, but he was still greatly amazed.

As soldiers, they were sloppily dressed, their attitude was extremely casual, and were gambling while on duty. These were all taboos of the military.

If this had happened among the imperial guards, they would have been strictly punished according to military law.

But these soldiers, during the battle of the Light Palace, were arranged into certain formation, attacking and defending, and had successfully stopped the tide-like Jianghu forces.

Especially their leader, the large headed and big-eared man, the fatty who looked like a gangster.

In the previous rumours, he was only said to be a dispirited commander addicted to gambling, and was also known as a disgrace among the imperial commanders. However, in the battle of the Light City, he displayed his real strength. He was unexpectedly a divine archer who could shoot dead the [Purple Eagle] and the [Violent Archery God] of the [Cold-Blooded Thirteen Eagles].

He continued thousands of meters into the depths of the Light Palace.

Near the station of the third area.

A cool and elegant figure that was brandishing a weapon and training as though there were nobody else present made him feel slightly intimidated.

If he had not guessed wrong, that powerful and terrifying General should be one of the Light Envoys - the legendary Yang Henshui who killed the Barbarian Race General Yang Shihui. It was only after sensing the power and aura of Light Envoy Yang that Luo Yi really felt for the first time from a close range the boundary of essence, energy, and spirit gathered into one of a martial artist.

Along the way, the other few Light Envoys did not appear.

But in the Fire Tree Woods, there was a calm, young, burly figure with black hair bunched up at his back, who was focusing on sweeping the leaves, that caught his attention.

Although the figure did not reveal a shred of strength or yuan qi, and looked like an ordinary person, but Luo Yi keenly observed that there was a thin gauze around the broom in his hands that was driving the movement of leaves. Surprisingly, without touching, the leaves in front of him were all gathered together...

At that moment, Luo Yi knew that the figure in front should be the legendary General Gong who had suppressed two Heaven Ascension experts before by himself.

During the Battle of the Light Palace, the number of imperial guards that participated was less than ten thousand, and the majority were on standby at the most peripheral areas of Light City.

And the Jianghu sects of Heaven Wasteland Domain that had fought inside the city were finally suppressed in the sword pit.

As a result of the Snow Empire’s imperial family's deliberate interception, the majority of the information had not spread out through rumours.

But ever since Luo Yi had come to the Snow capital, he still had heard some gossip amongst the imperial guards of the [Blazing Flame Battalion].

After that war, of the mighty experts that emerged in the Light City, there was not a single one who had not became an idol of the soldiers of the [Blazing Flame Battalion].

Therefore, on his way here, young soldier Luo Yi was bound to be excited. He secretly gazed at the legendary figures and matched them to their description one after another.

He was, of course, more astonished at the blind young man who was practicing in the Fire Tree Woods and the three youngsters who were a little younger than him.

Those four people unexpectedly were very strong martial artists. Their strength was far above Luo Yi's. Adding to this, their cultivation techniques and moves were very unusual, and completely different to the traditional martial arts that ordinary soldiers practiced. Moreover, he had never heard of rumours of these several youngsters, in other words...

The Light Palace really was a place where people with many different abilities were found...

As Luo Yi was standing in the hall, he recalled all the scenes that he had witnessed after coming to the Light City, inevitably sighing.

In a flash.

He suddenly realized that, sat on the other side of the stone table was the person in charge of the entire Light City, and who had the power that could subvert the imperial family and the strength to shake the world. It was Ye Qingyu, who all the imperial guards and the countless martial artists of the Snow Empire crazily worshipped. He suddenly looked startled, hurriedly concentrating his mind and calming his emotions.

……

Opposite.

Extraordinary elegant like an Immortal, Ye Qingyu looked at the tensed up figure before him and couldn’t help smiling.

On the jade stone table before him was a document that was spread wide open.

The document was glowing with a faint brown halo of light, the content circulating around, which were all information on the background and past experiences of the young soldier Luo Yi being clearly and plainly presented.

Ye Qingyu had seen the young man before in the Crown Prince imperial palace. He thought his foundation, power of understanding, and aptitude were extraordinary, and he exuded an aura that kind of felt close, yet he could not see through entirely.

At present, the Light City was in need of staff. All matters in Light City were managed by Gao Han who had more tasks than what he could deal with. And the other people, whether it was Li Changkong, Wen Wan, or the gambling addict Wang Lijin, were all madmen. They could indeed fight, but on management, they were almost the same as the mentally deficient, and were not suitable as attendants.

After a brief investigation, Ye Qingyu was very pleased to know that Luo Yi's aptitude and character were extraordinary. In addition to the three generations of his family being part of the military, he was a suitable talent who met the requirements that Ye Qingyu looked for in order to cultivate someone who was as meticulous as Gao Han.

With the consent of Yu Xiaoxing, Ye Qingyu asked Bao Shinu to transfer Luo Yi over from the [Blazing Flame Battalion].

“Luo Yi, I did not ask your opinion and transferred you over from the Crown Prince palace, you don't blame me right?” Ye Qingyu smiled, and with a slight flick of his finger, the document on the stone table closed on its own.

“Dare not to... reporting to Lord, it is the duty of soldiers to obey military orders...” taken aback, Luo Yi answered hurriedly. After a pause he again added, “To be able to work with Lord is my honour. All my comrades are envious...”

Ye Qingyu smiled. “Fine, I can rest assured then. You have already seen the content of the official seal, you must be clear of your new job in the Light City. You have just come, you must not be familiar with the Light City. Later on, Gao Han will take you to look around. You can ask him anything that you don't fully understand.”

Luo Yi responded with a solemn expression, “Subordinate understands!”

Ye Qingyu gently nodded, his slender fingers lightly tapping on the desk, and then suddenly remembered something, “You use a sword as a weapon?”

Luo Yi hurriedly nodded. “Reporting to Lord, subordinate indeed uses a sword as weapon and cultivates yuan qi of gold attributes.  The sword technique I study is the handed down Broken Wind sword technique.”

Ye Qingyu's eyes flickered with a touch of warmth. “Show it to me.”

Luo Yi was initially surprised and then instantly realized something.

Could it be that Palace Lord Ye was going to give him pointers?

With the thought that the people who received guidance from Ye Qingyu were able to rise rapidly, Luo Yi’s heart was suddenly filled with an indescribable joy.

He suppressed the excitement and began to activate yuan qi.

Lights flashed and a long sword of nearly two meters appeared in his hands. The sword body was transparent and clear, glowing with a restrained blue light, and the two bronze sword hilts were inlaid with dove-egg sized blue crystals.

Luo Yi injected yuan qi into the sword body, and the next moment, the restrained brilliance of the sword body instantly erupted into a dazzling golden blue colour. The transparent sword body revealed two strange golden marks which, under the activation of yuan qi, seemed to be alive, winding around the sword in a complicated route, leaving two golden patterns.

A burst of sword qi along with determination broke out from the golden pattern, showing off its ability and fierce power.

Just then, Luo Yi also made a move.

As he nimbly turned his hand over he drew a bright dazzling golden sword flower. The next moment, he swung out his sword in a flash, the force of a dragon broke out along with a piercing whistle. The golden tip of the sword was incomparably sharp, ripping a number of space cracks in the void, and a frightening aura pervaded the air. The speed of his sword was very fast, and his every action was extremely strange, seemingly disorganized, but the sword broke through the wind.

Luo Yi’s body, like a bolt of lightning, flashed in the void, almost fusing with the sword in his hand, and even his body was emitting a piercing sharp sword intent.

His figure turned into a sword light that fluttered in the hall, exuding a majestic beauty, and his strong and muscular body added a spirited and lively energy.

Ye Qingyu watched Luo Yi constantly throwing out sword attacks, a faint appreciation flowing around his eyes.

A moment later, Luo Yi's figure landed, breathing in and out, calming the fluctuation of yuan qi.

Ye Qingyu nodded, already well aware of Luo Yi's strength.

Luo Yi’s gold attribute yuan qi and his sword technique could reflect one another, and together there was a sense of harmony. But his handed down sword technique was too rigid, the level was not high enough. And although Luo Yi had already performed this set of sword technique to his full strength, it was limited by the sword technique, and lacked power. Luo Yi was like an unpolished jade, with great care and cultivation he would certainly make great progress on the martial arts road. The passed down Broken Wind sword technique was not suitable for him. He needed a more suitable cultivation method.

Ye Qingyu pondered for a moment, a hint of a smile forming on his face.

Immediately, his hands were flashing green, as a green-blue jade scroll appeared in his palm.

Ye Qingyu spread out his palm and the blue-green scroll slowly floated up, leisurely drifting over to Luo Yi.

“This jade scroll recorded a sword technique known as the [Limitless Sword] technique. It fits in very well with the direction of your cultivation, you can follow the method of cultivation in the sword technique. You can directly ask me what you don't understand.”

Luo Yi was overjoyed, stretched out his hand, and the green jade scroll slowly descended on his palm.

He had already heard before that the Palace Lord Ye was a genius. Ever since he started in White Deer Academy, his martial arts and skills were all something he learned himself with his extraordinary talent. He could be said to have learned without a teacher and no one had heard that he ever had a Master. The techniques that he used were often unique, powerful, and rarely seen before. In addition, the people who received his guidance had all became top experts.

Not only did he possess unsurpassed martial arts cultivation, but also was a person with a range of different types of skills and abilities. It was said that he and the renowned Pill God of the Snow Empire Dugu Quan and the Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping were peers and close brothers. His understanding of Pill methods and his medical knowledge had astonished both Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping. There were also rumours that the Palace Lord had a profound understanding of weapon refinement, which had reached a divine level, but no one had been able to personally verify yet.

This Palace Lord Ye was simply a God-like existence. To be able to receive guidance from Palace Lord was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!

With excitement, Luo Yi cautiously injected a trace of yuan qi into the jade scroll.

As the hazy and dim green light flashed, the information in the jade scroll had already appeared in his mind. He skimmed through the content of the jade scroll.

Glancing over quickly, suddenly Luo Yi began to quiver, unable to control his surprise——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

