Chapter 393:


The black armoured death warriors as well as the three flesh puppets that had died in battle earlier, their blood, energy and all the parts of their bodies began to dissolve. They dissolved into a red liquid that soaked into the formation on the ground. An extremely evil aura began to be invoked, and there was a decaying smell occurring in the air. A strange apocalyptic energy emitted from all directions trapping Ye Qingyu at the center of the formation.

Outside the formation.

The person that controlled everything left with injuries.

The formation array surged, using a berserk energy to madly strike at Ye Qingyu.

"Damn this..." Ye Qingyu was in a rush.

If he really let the opponent escape, then he would really lose all clues of [Avalanche's] whereabouts.

He no longer hid his strength. Activating the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], he completely transformed into a silver-coloured sky dragon. A peerless power and energy emitted from his body, and with his roar, he manage to completely block the aura emitting from the formation. As the world shook, the formation ultimately was not able to restrain Ye Qingyu's terrifying power, and was completely broken apart.

Ye Qingyu escaped.

The entire [Demonic Blood Refining Deity Array] was destroyed. The formation patterns in the rocks and in the air were crushed into pieces, the ground that was tens of meters thick was lifted up. Mountain rock collapsed and crumbled, and everything a thousand meters around him was nearly shattered. The ancient broken temple within the valley had long been buried in such chaos.

The dust gradually settled.

Ye Qingyu slowly drew his consciousness away.

"It's a pity, that person has ran..."

There was no longer any shred of the person's aura in the surroundings. Evidently, that person had left before his formation array had been destroyed.

Ye Qingyu attempted to find some clues in the shattered rocks around him. But evidently the opposing party was an extremely careful person. He did not find any clues whatsoever. Lifting apart the rubbled rock, Ye Qingyu found a jade-coloured praying mat within the submerged ancient temple. It should be something the hidden person used, there would not be such new items appearing in the ancient temple.

"I've let that person get away. There's not any clues to [Avalanche's] whereabouts. It's a pity, I was only a little bit off."

Ye Qingyu was incomparably guilty.

Previously, he had already exploded with his full strength to escape from the formation. But he had still delayed matters. If he used the [Flash] formation to leave the formation array at the beginning, there was perhaps the possibility of capturing such a person.

But it was already too late.

The scene he caused from destroying the formaiton was too great. The person hidden behind the scenes must have seen this already, and would absolutely not reappear. Even if Ye Qingyu waited here for him to return, he would not have any gains whatsoever.

Ye Qingyu once again searched over, but there was still no clues at all. At last, he left with regrets.

"When I return, I'll bring Little Nine here and see if that fellow can find any sort of hints..."

Ye Qingyu planned this in his heart.

His body transformed into flowing light as he left.

……

……

By the time he returned to the great building of the miltiary, it was already evening.

During the night time, the great military buiding was somewhat more tranquil. There were less people about, but the inspections that were carried out were much stricter than normal. After spending fifteen minutes, under the lead of a soldier, Ye Qingyu was led through many obstacles before returning to the fifty-fifth floor.

But when he arrived at the entrance to the training camp, he was taken aback.

The originally clamouring and bustling training camp was currently incomparably quiet.

The formation lights were also in a slumbering state and the training camp was completely pitch dark.

As he suddenly realized something, there was amisfortunate feeling occurring in his heart. Extending his hand to insert a shred of yuan qi into the formation lights at the entrance, the lights all lit up in an instant. The large training camp was completely empty, without any sign of anyone. The dormitories by the side all had duvets covering them. Only Ye Qingyu's own bed was left, that still had the meditation mat he used when cultivating as well as the bed which was made...

There was no one.

"It seems like the others have already received their new missions, and left the training camp. There's only me left. It's a pity that I was not in time to say goodbye to everyone…”

Ye Qingyu felt somewhat dissapointed.

Although the time at the training camp was only one short month, but for Ye Qingyu, the friends that he met here were much more than the ones when he was at White Deer Academy. The friendships he made here were also more valuable than the ones at White Deer Academy. After all, they were all young experts originating from the army, they had the same passionate blood and drive running through them, and they had done battle together shoulder to shoulder...

It was unknown just where they had gone to.

Ye Qingyu returned to his own bed, spacing out slightly.

There was the sounds of footsteps from the outside at this time.

It was the refining body instructor, Bao Shinu, as well as the battle technique instructor.

"We saw the training camp had brightened up. Looking at the time, it was about time for you to return," Bao Shinu said with a smile, then suddenly sensed the bloodiness and faint killing intent on Ye Qingyu. He suddenly realized the possibility of just where he had gone. Ye Qingyu had just experienced a bloody battle. His complexion changed, "Did you encounter something? Are you alright?"

Ye Qingyu shook his head, jumping to the ground :"I'm fine. But it's a pity, I did not manage to find any clues to [Avalanche's] whereabouts?”

"[Avalanche’s] whereabouts?" The battle technique instructor was surprised, sneaking a glance between them both. "The mission of [Avalanche] has already been released. The other people, apart from you, have also gone to undertake their mission. These were the missions that the Crown Prince individually set. This is something extremely hidden and not announced publicly. Just why do you want to know where [Avalanche] is?"

Ye Qingyu hearing this, was stunned for a moment.

He suddenly realized something, saying, "You mean... [Avalanche] has already returned? He's returned already?"

Bao Shinu regarded Ye Qingyu with a strange face. "Of course. He came back a day ago and left immediately after receiving his new mission. He was the same as the other little fellows, he wanted to wait to see you before leaving, but you came back too late. No one could wait for you, [Avalanche] was the last to go..."

It was like this?!

Ye Qingyu had not imagined that nothing had happened to [Avalanche] whatsoever. It was only that the fact that his lack of information had been exploited and was fooled shamelessly by the person in the background.

That's not right!

[Avalanche] had not returned several days ago. This was something only people of the training camp knew. The fact that he was worried about [Avalanche's] safety was also something that only people of the training camp knew. Just who was this person hidden in the background, that he was so familiar with his heart. They had preemptively stationed at the entrance to the military building to speak nonsense to him, and to fool him into the killing formation within the mountains.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt somewhat confused.

This matter really was somewhat strange.

The hidden person evidently wanted to kill him. Within the capital, just who was it that had such ability, and possessed the intent to kill him?

After thinking it over, this was a complete mystery.

But Ye Qingyu ultimately let out a relaxed breath.

As long as [Avalanche] was fine.

This was absolutely a great piece of news.

No matter who the person hidden in the shadows was, as long as he attempted to cause further waves in the future, Ye Qingyu would sooner or later find out who he truly was.

Thinking about this, Ye Qingyu's heart became much more relaxed.

"This is something that they left behind for you, before they left..." Bao Shinu brought over a jade stone. This was an item with some simple formations in it held within the jade piece that could store sound.

Ye Qingyu received it and randomly picked one. He activated the little formation within the jade piece.

"I will return again. Wait for my challenge, I will defintiely defeat you next time."

The voice of the black-robed young man [Shadow] sounded, direct and to the point.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

This was [Shadow's] style.

Within the jade piece, there were some teasing words left behind by the young experts, some well wishes of fortune, some asking how he was, some setting a time and place to meet again. There were some that hoped to fight alongside with Ye Qingyu, and the person that blathered on the most was [Avalanche]. He went on a long tirade about Ye Qingyu, blaming him for not coming back in time.....

These were all voices that he was familiar with.

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu's heart was warmed and also somewhat moved.

"There's sixteen... eh, there's one less?" Ye Qingyu held the jade piece. There was only sixteen of them.

Bao Shinu smiled, "[Ordinary Person] did not leave a jade piece behind."

Within Ye Qingyu's brain, the image of [Ordinary Person] appeared, a fellow with a head that was several times greater than normal. The battle strength that he had been evaluated with was the person at the very last. Normally, when cultivating, his aura was normal and he spoke little. His performance was average, and could be said to be the most average person out of all the youths.

"It's fine if he did not leave anything.”

Ye Qingyu smiled.

"That's right, are they all within the capital? Ye Qingyu looked at the two instructors, somewhat curiously. "Will I be able to see them afterwards?"

Bao Shinu shook his head.

The battle technique instructor had a strict face as he said, "Their locations are a secret. There are some people within the capital, and there are people who left. You won't be able to encounter them in the near future, and all of you have your individual missions. Everyone has to complete their mission on their own, this is a huge responsibility and duty.”

Ye Qingyu could hear the implied meaning within such words, "Are there missions that are very dangerous?”

"Martial experts travel throughout the world. Encountering danger is not strange. Before coming to the capital, they are survivors that walked out from mountains of corpses and seas of blood. No one can guarantee that one will forever be victorious in battle, that they will never die."

The batle technique instructor gave his answer in an extremely tactful fashion.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

He was already clear in his own heart.

"Then the mission regarding me?" Ye Qingyu asked. "Am I the same as the others, that I have to wait for the Crown Prince to see me tomorrow and personally give me my mission?"

Bao Shinu shook his head.

The battle technique instructor said, "There's no need. Your situation is somewhat special. Your mission is already given, there's no need for the Crown Prince to personally see you."

"Oh? Somewhat special?” Ye Qingyu was taken aback slightly. "Just what is it?"

The battle technique instructor smiled. From his chest, he took out a yellow scroll.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 394:


The scroll was about half a meter long and was completely yellow. It emitted a noble light and one could faintly see a strange yellow formation flickering. It emanated with a rare authoritative aura, letting out an aura that was like a lord. Instantly, all the formation lights of the training camp was submerged. In the entire training camp, an authoritative yellow-collored light surged, like an ocean causing an extremely sacred sensation.

The battle technique instructor lifted the scroll high up respectfully, announcing in a loud voice---

"Ye Qingyu, receive the edict."

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then instantly realized.

The scroll within the battle technique instructors hands was lifted high up. So it was the Imperial Edict from the Emperor of Snow Empire.

The Bao Shinu at the side was already kneeling respectfully on the ground.

After hesitating slightly, Ye Qingyu knelt with one knee. In a clear voice, "Third class Marquis receives the Edict."

The sounds stopped.

The yellow saintly scroll floated slowly up from the hands of the battle technique instructor, unravelling slowly.

An energy that was clearer and more authoritative began to emit. The airflows within the entire training camp was aglow, as a humongous pressure that was hard to describe using words began to spread about. Even with Ye Qingyu's current cultivation, he felt like he was a little raft amidst surging waves, as if he would capsize at any given moment.

"According to the words of the deities of Heaven Wasteland Domain, as well as the words of the Snow Empire: The third class military Marquis Ye Qingyu of the Vanguard in Youyan Pass has excellent achievements. His cultivation is profound, his temperament kind and he is loyal to his monarch and country. His rank is increased by one and he is now a second class military Marquis. He is bequeathed as the Lord of the Light Palace of Snow Capital, ruling over the [Light Palace]. He will assume this role tomorrow!"

A voice like that of deities singing began sounding out within the training camp.

On the unfurled saintly scroll, there was a vast energy surging. The golden characters on it were like soaring dragons, flying out character by character and flickering in the air, flitting across Ye Qingyu before once again returning to the scroll.

The scroll closed.

And slowly descended into Ye Qingyu's palm.

Ye Qingyu had once seen the edict of the Snow Emperor mentioned within the library of White Deer Academy. It was not something a normal person would be able to receive. Apart from representing a glorious bequeathing of title by the Imperial family, it was also an exquisitely designed martial weapon. Furthermore, this was an Imperial Edict used to confer a title, it was said that the scroll was instilled with one full power strike from the Snow Emperor. And the Snow Emperor was said to have become an existence at the Heaven Ascension tens of years ago, so the value of this Imperial edict was easily imagined.

Ye Qingyu received the Imperial edict and faintly inserted a shred of yuan qi.

The luxurious yellow gimmer on the Imperial edict flashed, then it retreated. The aura of authority and energy fluctuation within the entire training camp was like water being absorbed by a whale. It was all taken back in within the Imperial Edict.

The training camp returned to normal.

Ye Qingyu held the Imperial Edict in his right hand as he slowly stood up.

Bao Shinu as well as the battle technique instructor had the same expression of shock. They stared at Ye Qingyu, forgetting to stand up.

To think it was the Lord of the Light Palace!

Controlling the [Light Palace].

The two people were placed into utter shock by the contents of this Imperial Edict.

Although the Imperial Edicts had long been delivered into their hands, but with their positions, they naturally could not open the Imperial Edict on their own and look at the contents. If not for the fact that the Crown Prince could not appear, this Imperial Edict should be something the Crown Prince personally gave to Ye Qingyu.

Before this had happened, the two were clear that the Crown Prine regarded [War God] as more important than the other young experts. The mission given to [War God] must be the most important and significant. But they had never ever imagined that it would be significant to such an extent.

The [Light Palace] of the Empire was said to have been established by that legendary person before the Empire was even founded. The main responsibility it had was surveilling and monitoring of all the Imperial officials, investigating corruption, punishing breakages of the law, dispersing darkness and shining light into all things. The power it had was far exceeding those of other normal military heads, this was a position that had true special power.

Because of the heaven shrouding power of that day in the past, even the Snow Emperor had to be wary of him. As a result, the power possessed by the [Light Palace] was terrifying. In that period of time, everyone was shivering under its power. When the phrase [Light Palace] was mentioned, those nobles that had dirty dealings within the capital all trembled with fear. They feared for the day that the soldiers of the [Light Palace] would rush towards their own residence...

When the [Light Palace] was at its peak, even the Right Minister, Left Minister, and the military department, as well as other offices could not do anything to it.

It was only that some change occurred afterwards. That person disappeared, and the [Light Palace] slowly deteriorated.

The current [Light Palace] already was not as massive a web of information as it had in the past. The number of experts it possessed was also numbered. The famous envoys of light had either died or retreated into seclusion. It's true strength could not even be compared to a patrolling camp. From the laws of the Empire, the [Light Palace] still had an unshakeable authority that made people fear, but it did not have the power to back this up.

Furthermore, the Snow Emperor had paid little attention to the [Light Palace] in these current years, so it had very little support. The authority of the [Light Palace] had no way of being used at all.

Therefore the current [Light Palace] was no longer as feared or as terrifying as in the past.

The last Lord of the Light Palace had died of sickness half a year go. After that, the position of the Lord of the Light Palace had always remained empty. Although the position as Lord was not low, but for those nobles with true position, no one wished to control such a department that had been placed in the sidelines. Going to the [Light Palace] represented that you would not have any opportunities to progress.

For those low class nobles, there were people that did want to go to the [Light Palace], but their classification and nobility class did not meet the most basic requirements to be Lord of the Light Palace.

The [Light Palace] was an office that could not be counted as powerful, but neither can it be said to be insignificant. It was only that it was about to be buried within the dust of time.

But no matter what, according to the laws of the Empire, this [Light Palace] was a department with true special power. To want to become the Lord of the Light Palace, one must be at least a first class military marquis. Their strength and cultivation must also meet the requirements. Ye Qingyu's current status should not have been able to meet such a requirement. However, with the Imperial Edict, he was able to become the Lord of the Light Palace in one leap.

For Ye Qingyu, this was something leaps and bounds above what he could usually obtain.

That was the reason why Bao Shinu and the battle technique instructor were so shocked.

Ye Qingyu stowed away the scroll, his heart thoughtful.

He had once heard a little bit about the rumours regarding the [Light Palace].

To some extent, the position of the Lord of the Light Palace, was similar to his own position as Patrolling sword envoy within Youyan Pass. It was both positions with special authority. But in reality, it did not have the power to back up this authority and was just a joke.

"I did not think the Crown Prince had arranged for such a role for me. Just what are his thoughts? Does he want me to charge in unthinkingly and tyranicaly like I did in Youyan Pass, causing huge waves in the stagnating capital?"

Ye Qingyu slowly considered.

"From Deer City to Youyan Pass, to Youyan Pass to the Snow Capital, I've seen all sorts of civilians before and understand deeply just what sort of danger is hidden under the blossoming surface of the current Empire. I hate the fact that there is not a true saint that has been born who can eliminate all the dirt and evilness within the Empire... Although I am not a saint and I cannot reverse the ides from a desperate situation, but my feelings and thoughts coincide with this. No matter what the original thoughts the Crown Prince and those important people have, but since matters had progressed like this, then I will have a go at these muddy waters! “

Ye Qingyu's thoughts gradually became clear.

It was only that he suddenly felt that the Imperial Edict in his hands weighed tens of thousands of pounds.

Through the window on the outer walls of the training camp, one could see the night sky covered with dark clouds. It was as if dark beasts had enveloped the entire capital. The light from the tiny specks of stars all around had no way of causing the entire sky to become bright, creating a suffocating atmosphere.

There was a determined faint smile that was exposed on Ye Qingyu's lips.

His heart, at this time, became unprecedentedly firm.

He will use his own method to tear apart this gloomy darkness.

Even if his body burned into flames, he did not care.

……

……

The next day.

After Ye Qingyu had finished some procedures, he left the great building of the military department.

After returning to the Medicine Hut, both Ouyang Buping and Dugu Quan had returned from the Imperial palace.

"How is it, has little Ye received the Imperial Edict?" Dugu Quan said with a laugh.

Ye Qingyu saw his expression and immediately knew that this old man had received news of this beforehand. Thinking to his previous action of rushing to the Imperial palace earlier, a thought occurred to Ye Qingyu, "Could it be that the reason you went to the Imperial palace has to do with my mission?"

"Haha, a clever person does not need much clues," Ouyang Buping stood by the side and laughingly said, "Speaking of this, you are really bizarre. Did you know that your assigned mission has become the point at which several important figures argued over. The Crown Prince, the Apex Prince, the Left and Right Minister all participated in this discussion. Us and also Gongfengs that we are close with were all asked. Lastly, even Princess Chang who rarely participates in political affairs opened her mouth. Only with this was the matter finally settled.”

Ye Qingyu was shocked at hearing this, "How could this be? I'm only a minor character, how can I cause so many great figures of the empire to discuss so heatedly over such a matter?"

Dugu Quan poured Ye Qingyu a cup of tea, and a cup of tea for himself. Sipping a mouthful, "Perhaps it's as you say, your mission will not be able to cause such a great turbulence at all. But within the capital, all the major factions are planning and scheming, they are competing with each other. This is especially true right now where rumours had emerged that the Snow Emperor has entered into a state of demonic fire due to cultivation and is weakened. The competition over the position of Imperial Monarch has begun once again. At this time, as the future monarch, the actions of the Crown Prince, and how he has recruited eighteen young experts, has triggered many people's nerves. Before investigating what the true aim of the Crown Prince actually is, all you eighteen people are points of notice. Especially you...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 395:


As he spoke to here, Dugu Quan drank another gulp of tea. After slowly savouring it, he continued, "That battle you had with the Du household, you guys were too eye catching. This was especially true for you... for a person who is only sixteen, that can defeat [Purple Eye] Du Heng, how is it possible to not attract the attention of all parties? Furthermore, this matter concerned the Whip of the Thunder Deity... you are not enwrapped within, so you have no way of knowing the current situation of the capital. It can be said that if you move one part of it, the capital as a whole is shaken. The role that you are playing... is the fuse."

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

There would definitely be repercussions. But the actions that he did in the capital was not entirely without meaning.

It did not matter if everyone was noticing him. To be able to enter into the capital from a little city in the boundary, Ye Qingyu had grown extremely quickly. But every step he took was stable and firm, with no guilt in his heart. He was not afraid of the shadows within this turbulence at all.

"It's only that I don't know why Princess Chang would be enwrapped into this affair?" Ye Qingyu sipped his tea, asking.

Ouyang Buping nodded his head. "This matter is really somewhat strange. In these years, the martial power of Princess Chang is famed throughout the capital. She rarely takes part in political affairs, remaining secluded from the crowd. She had a special status and authority. This time she spoke for you of her own initiative, which was against everyone's expectations. The reason you are able to successfully ascend as the Lord of the Light Palace, was because Princess Chang spoke for you. The ultimate decision was something that the Right MInister Faction did not expect.

Dugu Quan continued on, "Me and Dugu Quan's guess is that the Crown Prince went to ask Princess Chang. Although Princess Chang does not interfere in political affairs, but she still cares very much about the children of the Imperial family.

As Ye Qingyu heard this, a figure flashed by in his mind.

Very likely, this matter had something to do with Yu Xiaoheng, that spoiled princess.

"Becoming the Lord of the Light Palace, is a massive opportunity for you. This is equal to you escaping from the constraints of the military department, and you will also be free from the constraints of any other factions. You can do things as you please regarding some matters -----and if you have enough power you can definitely support this abandoned divine palace that has such special authority," Ouyang Buping said.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

This was one of the main reasons that he looked favourably on the position as the Lord of the Light Palace.

As for strength... with his current strength, it would not be enough to fight against all the major factions within the empire. But he was someone with support. Apart from those old monsters that he had encountered such as the Turtle Shell Immortal, the Heavenly Cripple in the Formation Palace of the of the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So, there was also the ancient awakened consciousness, as well as Aunt Han from within the Imperial Ancestral Land

The consciousness of the elder that had awakened from ancient times was perhaps fleeting and not reliable. But Aunt Han was described to be incredible by Yu Xiaoheng, and had planted a shred of her consciousness within his brain. Evidently she wanted to protect him, so why not use this opportunity fully?

"Little Ye, when are you preparing to assume the mantle?" Dugu Quan asked.

Ye Qingyu thought it over. "Since you two have come over for tea today, then I'll go tomorrow. However since the situation at the [Light Palace] is still unknown, is it still fine if I leave the people I brought still at the medicine hut?"

Ouyang Buping nodded his head. "This is not a problem."

"I also have something I need to rely you on. Can you help me gather infromation regarding the [Light Palace]. Because I had not expected this responsiblity, therefore I only have some surface knowledge regarding the [Light Palace]. I want to know every internal information regarding it." Ye Qingyu smiled.

"Haha, don't worry. I've already ordered people to do so." Dugu Quan smiled. "This is something that me and old Ouyang long predicted.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head in thanks.

After the three conversed a bit, the topic once again reverted to the ancient characters.

At this time, Ye Qingyu no longer kept any secrets. From start to finish, he spoke out the mysteries that he had comprehended from within [Sole Will of the Heaven and Earth Copper Cauldron], exchanging thoughts with these two old men.

The one hundred and eight characters of the [Sole Will of the Heaven and Earth Cauldron] had a great background. It was not only used for smithing metals, creating pills and refining medicines, it was also related to divining and medial arts. Although it was scattered and diverse, in the eyes of a Pill God like Dugu Quan, he would gain something. And in the eyes of a Divine Doctor like Ouyang Buping, he would also gain something.

In the blink of an eye, the skies had darkened.

Mother Wu got ready to prepare the evening meal.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu could sit down and enjoy Mother Wu's culinary skills.

To be able to satisfy the appetite of a monster like Wen Wan, Mother Wu had hired five female servants that began cooking alternatively for Wen Wan to make noodles.

After eating for a while, the silly dog Little Nine appeared. He had a bone pick in his mouth and began lazily wagging his tail. In an attitude that seemed as if he needed a beating, he lay on the shoulder of Ximen Yeshui as they walked in from the main entrance. As he entered, his nose moved, and shouted, "Fragrant, really fragrant… Mother Wu must have made stew. Hah, every time Mother Wu cooks, master must have returned."

Ximen Yeshui had swapped to find a luxurious robe with an accompanying jade from somewhere, all dressed up. He seemed much more energetic, but his skin was still too black, like coal. Compared to the silly dog Little Nine by his side, whos fur was as white as pure snow, this contrast was incomparably strange.

"Eh? The little brat has returned." Ximen Yeshui, seeing Ye Qingyu, immediately grew excited. "Hey, this capital is really fun. Wahaha, do you know, the girls in the Hidden Jade Pavillion are really immortals. You've gone to cultivate everyday, you don't know how to enjoy life. Are you busy tomorrow? I'll bring you to the HIdden Jade Pavillion to have fun, wahaha..."

After Ye Qingyu heard this, a misfortunate feeling was invoked in his heart. Turning his head to Lin Baiyi to the side, "What does the HIdden Jade Pavillion do?"

Lin Baiyi smiled. "Reporting to little Shishu, this is a brothel."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu could smell the alcohol coming from the Ximen Yeshui who was still reminiscing about this from far away. "You went to such a place? And you also brought Little Nine... with you?"

Bringing a dog to a brothel?

Was this really a successor of an ancient set?

Was he really an expert with unfathomable strength?

Ye Qingyu felt that he had somewhat misjudged this person.

"Woof?" Sensing Ye Qingyu's strange gaze, Little Nine instantly leapt up. "Why are you looking at me with such eyes? I only went to drink and eat, the steamed ribs over there are delicious..."

Before he had finished, Ximen Yeshui instantly looked at him with disdain as he pierced through his story. "You only went to eat and drink? I remember you saying the female dog raised by the Song Xuanji of the Hidden Jade Pavilion is charming and pretty..."

"Woof woof woof!" The silly dog instantly let out an embarrassed and enraged roar. "Shut your mouth, do you want to die? Did we not say this is our little secret, why did you betray me?"

Ximen Yeshui replied nonlanchantly. "Haha, your master is not an outsider, why is this betrayal..."

"Woof... this is really too embarrassing, this is too embarrassing... our friendship has shattered." The enraged and embarrassed Little Nine seemed to have lost his reason. Transforming into a bolt of lightning, he bit onto Ximen Yeshui's leg, and would not release it for anything.

Ximen Yeshui began squawking loudly, "He's doing it again..."

Seeing this speech, everyone was speechless.

"Two idiots!" Wen Wan who was sitting on the steps eating noodles gave them a disdainful insult. Then he turned his head to shout, "Mother Wu, Mother Wu, is there still garlic? Give me a clove of garlic..."

Next to him were some garlic skin as well as tens of empty bowls.

Next to the banquet, there were five female servants sweating as they made and cooked the noodles.

Ye Qingyu nearly could not lift his head anymore.

Heavens, just what kind of people were beside him, why were all of them so weird?

Only the dragon Little Silver was reliable. Although his personality was somewhat introverted and he often just sat in his head without moving. But at least he was stable and would not cause trouble?

Ye Qingyu thought this in his heart.

At this time, Little Silver began slowly sliding from his hair and dropped into a jar of wine, delightfully swimming about.

Bastard, he forgot this fellow was an alcoholic.

Ye Qingyu nearly collapsed.

After a while--

"What? You've been promoted?" Hearing Ye Qingyu's newest responsibility, Ximen Yeshui came over excitedly. Saying with a laugh, "Lord of the Light Palace? It sounds quite glorious. Brother, do you think we are good brothers that have gone through life and death together?"

Ye Qingyu could see through him in one glance. Expressionlessly, he said, "Speak, just what do you want me to help you with?"

"Hehe, no wonder you are my brother. You can see that I have a request." Ximen Yeshui came over with a smile as he neared. Lowering his noise, “How about this, why don’t you give me a position within the [Light Palace]? If I can get a position, I can at least say I'm doing something, and my master will no longer urge me to rush and return...”

Seeing Ximen Yeshui's begging expression, Ye Qingyu hiddenly laughed.

It was unknown just what sort of demonic hell the sect this fellow came from, but it was this fellow's biggest nightmare ever since the two had met. He had always been forcefully summoned back to his sect by his master, and he did his utmost to try and remain in the bright and glorious mortal world.

But this request met with Ye Qingyu's plans.

Ximen Yeshui was an expert, an expert of experts. From this perspective, he was reliable.

Ye Qingyu wanted to stabilize his position within the [Light Palace] completely. Apart from his strength, he also needed the aid of such experts. Previously, Ye Qingyu had planned what to say to get Ximen Yeshui to join under him, but thankfully, he had requested of his own initiative

"Good, this will be fine." Ye Qingyu accepted, but after thinking it over, "But after entering the [Light Palace], it's best if you go less to the Hidden Jade Pavilion. It's not a good influence."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 396:


"Ah? Ximen Yeshui was taken aback, having a face of hesitation and objection. Ultimately, he was like a deflated ball. With his head lowered, he said, "Fine, I will go less..."

Ye Qingyu smiled, then looked at Wen Wan eating noodles by the side.

Ximen Yeshui and Wen Wan could be counted as his subordinates in the early stages of his command over the [Light Palace].

There were also some other people, such as [The Fisherman of Han River] Gao Han, who should be able to meet up with him a bit later in the capital.

After food.

Ye Qingyu tested Bai Yuanxing and Jin Ling'er on their martial progress.

JIn Ling'er cultivated in the [Flowing Shadow Kill]. His talent was originally excellent, and training in the shadow attribute cultivation technique made things easier with half the effort. Right now, he had already trained to a state where he would have a shadow clone, it was only that his body refining stage was still only at the peak of the Ordinary martial level, and not yet entered into the Spirit spring stage. When he could truly sense yuan power, and step into the Spirit spring stage, then his cultivation would advance by leaps and bounds.

For this clever little brat, Ye Qingyu was not worried about the progress of his cultiation at all.

Ye Qingyu was more concerned over Bai Yuanxing.

"Hoi!"

A clear voice shouted, Bai Yuanxing exhibited his move.

His fist and feet were lightning, every movement filled with a powerful feeling.

Seeing this, Ye Qingyu slowly nodded his head.

The basic moves and battle techniques of the [Heavenly Blind Way] had already been completely grasped by Bai Yuanxing. What followed after was for him to slowly understand how the heart sutra and moves combined together, and understand the most central essence to this cultivation technique. One must know that apart from the close combat power of the [Heavenly Blind Way], an aspect it also excelled in was assassination.

Under Ye Qingyu's notice, Bai Yuanxing demonstrated this move by move, showing it off perfectly.

Slowly, next to him, there was a faint silver aura that could be discernible with the naked eye fluctuating around him. An unhurried rhythm began to be formed around him.

Xiu!

HIs leg kicked out.

The faint sound of the wind exploding in the air could be heard.

Twenty meters away, a huge boulder that was over ten thousand pounds faintly shook. Then it slowly shattered into pieces the size of a fist, scattering and breaking.

Ye Qingyu's complexion changed, suddenly standing up.

"This... what is this power?"

Bai Yuanxing's strike clearly did not have any yuan qi flutuation in it. Then how could it have such great offensive power from a distance of twenty meters?

The power of this strike was basically equal to the full power attack of a person at the ten Spirit springs cultivation.

For a person who had not yet cultivated in yuan qi, it was possible for them to have such power. But this was not due to body refinement, that was why Ye Qingyu was so puzzled.

Bai Yuanxing still seriously continued exhibiting his moves, one by one.

Ye Qingyu was both shocked and delighted, narrowing his eyes as he carefully observed.

Slowly, he could sense that as Bai Yuanxing moved his fists and legs, a strange energy was rumbling. This was an energy that was similar to yuan qi, it was an extremely strange energy. But it was definitely not weak, and was drawn into Bai Yuanxing's body. As he performed the moves and the heart sutra of the [Heavenly Blind Way], it seemed that he could control this energy to a certain extent.

This was really strange.

Boom!

Bai Yuanxing's palm landed on the ground.

The ground shook.

A strage force began rumbling through his palms, like a vibration that began emitting from the ground. It made Ye Qingyu clearly sense his foot going numb. Ten meters near the area that Bai Yuanxing had struck with his palm, a terrifying killing intent like that of a gust flickered past.

Powerful!

Ths strike was even comparable to the full power strike of an expert at the twenty Spirit springs.

This really was a strange and bizarre incident.

Just what sort of power was hidden within Bai Yuanxing's body?

As the descendant of the first owner of the White Horse tower in Youyan Pass, could it be that there is some hidden secret within this line of people that others did not know? In other words, was there something special regarding their bloodline?

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that the ancestral teachings of their family to forever guard the White Horse tower was not as simple as it seemed on the surface.

Bai Yuanxing had always been unable to cultivate yuan qi and to become a true martial artist. Perhaps this was not just solely because of his lack of talent.

Boom!Boom! Boom!

Bai Yuanxing demonstrated move after move.

There were faint signs of rumbling and shaking in the air.

The more Ye Qingyu looked, the more delighted he grew.

After Bai Yuanxing had finished demonstrating all his moves, a clear power fluctuation burned around his body like that of a flame. This was only discernible by experts. Even the light in the air around his body seemed to be distorted.

"A really special power."

Ye Qingyu had grown more and more curious.

But he did not act to detect the situation inside Bai Yuanxing's body.

Because on the surface, this energy that did not belong to yuan qi cultivation was not an aura that belonged to evildoers, it was a normal energy. If it was like this, then this energy should be a secret that solely belongs to Bai Yuanxing..." Ye Qingyu did not allow his curiosity to affect Bai Yuanxing's dignity.

"Without knowing why, when trianing in the [Heavenly Blind Way], I feel a strange energy suddenly..." Bai Yuanxing reported what he had managed to comprehend back to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "Thi is you fortune. I guess that some sort of bloodline within you has been awakened... How about this, I act as your opponent. Strike with your full force.

"This... I do not dare." Bai Yuanxing was greatly shocked.

"There's no need to be worried. A martial expert cannot hesitate and be undecisive in cultivating. Only by correcting each other can one improve. You know I've just became the Lord of the Light Palace and need subordinates. I hope that you can quickly grow to the next level, and aid me." Ye Qingyu smiled.

After hearing this scene,Ximen Yeshui and the others knew just how heavily Ye Qingyu regarded Bai Yuanxing.

Everyone knew that Ye Qingyu's words were all for the sake of Bai Yuanxing. He had offered to spar with Bai Yuanxing, and the words he said were only to placate him. In the end, it was all to help him. With Ye Qingyu's current position, status, and martial cultivation, just what benefits could one gain from sparring with him was something that the seventeen young experts knew clearly.

"Fight to your utmost, don't show mercy."

Ye Qingyu shouted.

Bai Yuanxing did not hesitate anymore, the heart mantra of the [Heavenly Blind Way] instantly acting.

……

……

The second day.

A bright and clear day.

[Light Palace].

As one of the offices that once possessed significant power within the empire, the position of the [Light Palace] was naturally the one closest to the Imperial palace. It was like a small ancient city with large black city walls, like metallic stones surrounding it from all sides. There was a crenelated parapet wall around it, layer by layer, the surveilling enemy buildings, standing tall and lofty. The area it possessed was near a thousand acres, and within it, it had its own martial practice grounds, martia store, resource store, military camps, operations department, prisons as well as other features. Adding it all up, it was like an independent little nation.

When the [Light Palace] was at its peak, light soldiers entered and left like a flow of water and the number of experts within the city were like clouds in the skies. At that time, there was a Cloud Heavenly Sky Eagle image flickering rapidly, constantly passing information in and out. Those experts who wore armour would all have fierce flames escripted into their armour. Through the seal, there was a brightly burning flame, incomparably glorious.

Apat from the empire, no matter who it was, they would have to feel apprehensive to all those martial artists that had the Seal of the Light Palace.

But right now...

This city was still the steel city of the past, but right now it was completely deserted.

There was a group of sparrows that chirped as they hopped over. He would occasionally encounter two or three soldiers patrolling on the walls of the city, but they were too lazy to bother him.

The [Eastern Kill Gate] that once had soldiers heavily stationed there only had seveal old soldiers lazily guading there. They had a spear in their embrace as they sat on stone chairs, with their eyes closed, leisurely enjoying the sun. The armour on their bodies were loose and unarranged. The formation array of the city had always lost effectiveness due to loss of energy and lack of repair. From far off, one could see the word [Light] above the city gates on a large flag, silently standing there.

There was a little white rabbit with red eyes in Ye Qingyu's embrace. Step by step, he walked towards the [Eastern Kill Gate].

There were four gates to the [Light Palace] in total. All of them had ‘kill’ in their names,and they were known as the Eastern, Southern, Western and Northern Kill Gates. There were also three great Pavilions inside, and was known as the Central Three Kill Pavilions. There were seven Kills after it was all combined, and this was the reason that many people referred to the [Light Palace] as the Seven Kills Pavillion. In the chaotic days after the empire was founded, the [Light Palace] used killing to stop further killing. They used powerful and brutal methods to suppress chaos with methods like thunder and lightning. There, the seven words of [Kill] really suited the [Light Palace's] style.

"Che che che che...”

There was a tense expression displayed on the little white rabbit.

This little fellow was something Song Xiaojun had handover over for him to look after. Previously, Ye Qingyu had trained in the great building of the military department, so he had handed this little rabbit for Lin Baiyi to care for. The result was that this fellow would often go out and eat. After eating many Spirit herbs in the herb gardens, it had even taken a nibble at the [Medicinal King Lingzhi], something that Ouyang Buping regards as equal to his own life…

Adding the little rabbit and Little Nine together, this was enough for them to become the nightmare of the medicine masters.

After Ye Qingyu heard this, colds sweat also bstop as of this point. Today he had brought this little fellow at his side when he came to the [Light Palace] to prevent any unnecessary trouble.

Standing beneath the [Eastern Kill Gate], he looked at the city walls high up.

The black city walls had experiencdd a hundred years of mortagages but was still standing towering. There was an indescribable attractive feeling emitting from it. Faintly, it was as if life had returned to it, the image of blade shadows clashing being released.

A faintly aura began pressuring towards him.

All outsiders who came to the outside of the [Light Palace] would be astounded by the aura released by this little ancient city.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything, but the little rabbit released a noise, attracting the attention of the old soldiers.

"Hm? What is it?"

"Who is it?"

"Go, go, go, this place is not somewhere were you can walk around. Quickly go..."

The several old soldiers saw a strange person had appeared, but they still did not have the slightest of caution. They lazily sat where they were as they berated, not even having the intention of standing up.

Ye Qingyu lightly shook his head.

The old soldiers felt their vision going blurry as the young man with a little white rabbit in his embrace suddenly disappeared.

"Eh?"

"He's gone?"

"Maybe he left..."

"Haha, I feel that you're seeing something.

They laughed and joked about it, still lazily enjoying the sun.

Ye Qingyu had already passed through the [Eastern Kill Gate] into the inside of the city. He went through a series of back passageways, where there were signs of formation arrays etched onto the walls. But it had already lost its effectiveness. There was a series of tight and clustered little black holes in the walls, this should be where the heart of the mechanism lay.

After passing through the hundred-meter-long passageway, he came to a miniature city gate.

There was a gigantic black-coloured stone tablet in the form of a sword that appeared.

There were words.

"Humans cultivate all things to nourish Fiendgods, Fiendgods have nothing they can give to repay humans. Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

