Chapter 665:


Chapter 683, The reappearance of Jiang Xiaohan



The sweet and charming voice carried a hint of mockery.

This voice was somewhat familiar to Ye Qingyu, but at the same time also incomparably unfamiliar.

A faint beam of sandy yellow light suddenly descended in front of him.

Ten meters away, a slim and slender figure of a woman appeared.

Ye Qingyu flicked his eyes across, frozen in astonishment.

He looked at the woman who appeared suddenly with a look of disbelief.

She was dressed in a fiery red long dress, incomparably gorgeous, and with dense flames flowing around. The style of the long dress was peculiar, revealing her slender shoulders, which were smooth and soft. Her body was extremely perfect, the not too thick dress vaguely outlined her slender and straight legs and slender waist. On her feet were black boots made of animal skin. Her hair was drawn in a tall bun, and her whole body was radiating with a threatening beauty. Her delicate, fair face was crossed with a strange look as she stared at Ye Qingyu with a smile.

It was only then that Ye Qingyu snapped out of his daze.

He breathed a long sigh, and exclaimed in an incredibly surprised tone, “I didn't think that you were still alive.”

A smile bloomed on the woman's face when she heard this. She walked a few steps forward, swaying gently and beautifully, seeming to show her beautiful body, before she said in a sweet and charming voice, “What, don't tell me that brother Qingyu hoped that I am dead?”

“Your family has set up a tombstone for you, your parents thought you have died and are incredibly upset. They have gone to the Snow capital to search for your body.” Ye Qingyu looked at the woman in front of him. Even he himself, at this moment, also did not know what kind of emotions he was feeling. “When I passed Deer City, I saw your tomb.”

“You are right, the former Jiang Xiaohan is dead, and now I have a new life.” The woman sweetly giggled, an indescribably seductive and flirtatious expression on her face, but she paid no attention to what Ye Qingyu had said. With a shrug of her shoulder she said, “Everything is in the past, let it go with the wind, let it become the past.”

This woman, who was very close with Ye Qingyu since childhood, and who could be regarded as his friend, was Jiang Xiaohan who had vanished during the Battle of the Light Palace. Ye Qingyu had seen her tombstone in Deer City and had really thought that she was dead.

It never crossed his mind that he would meet her again in the Nine Serenities Palace of the Desert Brute Race imperial city.

“But your parents are still grieving for you every day. They definitely will be very happy if they know that you are still alive,” Ye Qingyu looked at Jiang Xiaohan who was many times more beautiful than the former Jiang Xiaohan from White Deer Academy and said in a serious voice.

“Since they gave birth to me, grief is what parents should bear,” Jiang Xiaohan said in an indifferent tone, as though she did not care the slightest about her biological parents. “Let them treat it as if I had died and had ended my life in an ordinary way. Is that not better... But brother Qingyu, are you really not curious at all, why I am here?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head, “Not particularly curious. I just feel very regretful.”

“Oh?” Jiang Xiaohan's eyes flickered, “Why does brother Qingyu feel regretful?”

“Because after the Battle of the Light Palace, you have been given the opportunity to live. I hoped that the person who appeared in this Nine Serenities Palace today would not be you.” Ye Qingyu's expression was full of infinite regret. “Is Brute King Shi Potian still alive?”

Jiang Xiaohan was taken aback for a moment, then the charming expression on her face faded, and instantly a cold frosty colour emerged on her face. “So, you found out?”

“I originally didn't notice, but now I know.” Ye Qingyu's complexion was as usual, explaining, “There must be more than three of the awakened Snow Ground Ancient Demons that I have captured, and the number of old sect monsters that have awakened are not only the two that are in the hands of the Snow Ground Demon Race. The Sky Demon ancestor, although he had planned so many things, were all ruined by me. But he has yet to give a reaction. These days, I have been waiting for the counterattack from these demons and monsters, but Heaven Wasteland Domain have always remained calm and peaceful. Although I am confident in my own strength, I don’t think that the old monsters have disappeared because of their fear of me. It is obvious that they are planning an even more elaborate operation, are preparing to launch a thunderous blow. The Desert Brute Race is the last battle of my tour inspection, but today I suddenly received a letter from the Brute King Shi Potian. I found it strange. Even if the Desert Brute Race would eventually choose to surrender to the Snow Empire, they should not be so actively enthusiastic. The content of the letter seemed like they were afraid that I would not be going to the Desert Brute Race imperial court. I knew it was strange at the time, but when I came to the Long Life State, and saw the magnificent hidden underground city, and then faced the Nine Serenities Palace, I realiaed that there was nothing more appropriate for those monsters to do.”

Jiang Xiaohan looked at Ye Qingyu, not knowing what to say for a good while, “You... indeed are as clever as ever, but it is a pity that you walked in.”

Ye Qingyu no longer pursued this issue, and asked, “Desert Brute King Shi Baotian, is he still alive or not?”

“Alive or not, it does it matter.” Jiang Xiaohan smiled. “Do you think you can save him?”

Ye Qingyu, upon seeing this, no longer question further. “Since we were childhood acquaintances, I'll give you a chance. You leave here now and all the things that had happened, I won't pursue any further. Go back to Deer City and reunite with your parents.”

Jiang Xiaohan was surprised for a moment, before an unprecedented anger came over her matched beautiful face. This anger instantly turned into a wild laughter, “Haha, hahaha, my brother Qingyu, you are... Ha, are you kidding me? You are giving me a chance? Giving me what chance?”

The sharp laughter, in the end, sounded a bit like a broken voice.

The expression that she looked at Ye Qingyu with was full of contempt and ridicule, and even tears of laughter overflowed her eyes.

And a powerful force, following the laughter, permeated out from her body, reaching the sixth step of the Heaven Ascension boundary in a flash. The flow of air fluctuated like a raging wave in the Nine Serenities Palace.

It was obvious that over the past year, Jiang Xiaohan's martial arts had improved at an unbelievable speed, and was much stronger than many old martial arts monsters.

“Now tell me, what kind of chance are you going to give me?” She coldly grinned, looking at Ye Qingyu.

“The chance to live.” Ye Qingyu did not have the slightest anger on his face, nor shock from the powerful strength that Jiang Xiaohan had revealed. Instead he asked again with an incomparably calm face. “I did not know you were involved in the Battle of the Light City, and I also do not know what happened to you later, but I still hope that you can turn back. Heaven Wasteland Domain is now very chaotic, why do you have to associate yourself with a group of old monsters who crawled out of the grave and bring chaos to the world?”

But opposite him, the look of contempt and ridicule in Jiang Xiaohan's eyes was clearer and more intense than before.

She suddenly lifted her chin and her slender swan-like neck, and sneered, “Haha, ridiculous. Ye Qingyu, do you really think that because I address you as brother Qingyu, and you can lecture me? Haha, you are still as before, conceited and ridiculous. That’s right, you have been patrolling the world these days, and are as invincible as the God of War, and even the Snow Ground Demon Court and White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race have been pressured to surrender from your strength. Do you think that such a deed has surpass what all others before you have done? Do you think that you are invincible, and those who obey you will thrive and those who oppose you will perish?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, “I had never thought such thoughts.”

“No, that's what you think.” Jiang Xiaohan step by step moved nearer. “You have always felt that I am childish and pathetic, that I should be sorry for what I have done to you, that I should kneel at your feet and weep, and that I should ask for your forgiveness, right? Unfortunately, you’ve had your opportunity, allowing you to move unhindered across Heaven Wasteland, but I also have my destiny, which far surpasses yours, allowing me to detach myself from Heaven Wasteland. The you now, do you know what you are like now?”

Ye Qingyu looked at the berserk woman in front, and gave up the effort to persuade her.

He knew that in such a situation, it would be unhelpful to say more.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu did not speak, Jiang Xiaohan gave a cold sneer and snapped, “Like a frog at the bottom of the well, thinking that you have the whole world, but you actually only have a small piece of sky. You think Heaven Wasteland Domain is very big, but among the great wide world it is like a grain of sand, your efforts and achievements these days, in the eyes of the real important people, are just a joke.”

“The real important people? Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed. “Who are they?”

Before his voice faded.

“Why talk so much to him, chop him up to avenge the three brothers who died in his hands.” another voice sounded, when a tyrannical demonic aura surged.

A Snow Ground Ancient Demon with a goatee beard appeared.

He stood next to Jiang Xiaohan, the pupils of his eyes flickering with a demonic light and his entire body overflowed with murderous spirit.

And at the same time, demonic aura and yuan qi surged.

In the dark void of the Nine Serenities Palace, suddenly more than a dozen of figures fully surrounded Ye Qingyu from top to bottom and from left to right. Each figure was an extreme expert of Heaven Wasteland Domain, with one of the lowest strength being a third step Heaven Ascension boundary expert.

Snow Ground Ancient Demons.

Ancient sect experts.

Every one of them was a monster that crawled out of the grave after being asleep for many years. Now that they had returned to the world, a fierce and fearful light was interwoven within their eyes. Ye Qingyu, the presence who had repeatedly ruined their plans and the obstacle on their road, must be killed.

“No wonder that it is incredibly calm these days.” Ye Qingyu swept his eyes across the experts, “So you really have all gathered together, villains collude together... just to kill me. I’m afraid you still can’t achieve such a task.”

“Death is near and you’re still acting tough.” Jiang Xiaohan coldly grinned. “Everything about you, we have investigated and understand very well. We also know all the cards in your hands very well. Today we have arranged the deadliest killing formation to completely bury you. As long as you die, the Snow Empire will crumble, and that little bitch who you assisted with all your strength will be in a state worse than death.”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 666:


Chapter 684, Burial of an era



Upon hearing this sentence, Ye Qingyu's eyes flickered with a glimmer of cold light.

Jiang Xiaohan sharply sensed it.

For some reason, a hint of fear immediately surged in her heart, feeling somewhat regretful.

But she was still as angry as before, massively furious.

Because no matter what she said before, Ye Qingyu remained calm and indifferent, even when she was mocking Ye Qingyu being a frog at the bottom of a well. But as soon as she mentioned Yu Xiaoxing, it was as though she touched one of his inverted scales, and Ye Qingyu instantly ignited his killing intent.

Jiang Xiaohan suddenly made a promise to herself that she must make Yu Xiaoxing suffer.

Killing intent surged.

“Where's Sky Demon ancestor?” Ye Qingyu's eyes like lightning, swept across the old monster. “At this stage, he still dares not to show up, is he just going to hide in the shadows? Someone like him calls himself the Old ancestor?”

“Kill!”

In the depths of the Nine Serenities Palace, a hoarse and cruel voice sounded, like an evil God in the Nine Serenities gnawing on the bones and blood of the living.

When the old monsters heard this voice, they all acted in unison immediately.

Instantly, demonic aura rushed forth and yuan energy surged.

All of a sudden in the Nine Serenities Palace, the wind and lightning gathered like a deadly vortex of power in the direction of Ye Qingyu, and a number of tyrannical consciousness power locked Ye Qingyu in place. As though the time and space around his body had condensed and distorted. There was an indescribable terrifying pressure trying to crush and grind up Ye Qingyu's physical body as well as his mind.

Ye Qingyu also dared not to make the slightest mistake.

With this thought, he turned his hand over and made a backhand grabbing motion in the void, and the giant [Blood Drinker Sword] appeared in his hand.

Ang---!

The melodious and high-pitched cry of a dragon sounded.

Ye Qingyu right away transformed into a silver Sky dragon, the [Blood Drinker Sword] accordingly expanded into a hundred-meter-long giant sword. The blood-coloured formation markings flowed wildly, an incredibly strange atmosphere filled the air, sword light flashed, and the chill extinguished, as the merciless sword intent descended like a storm, shrouding everything.

Bang, bang, bang!

Three or four of the Snow Ground Ancient Demons were instantly disintegrated into powder, blood spluttering in all directions.

“How is that possible?”

“What kind of power is this?”

It was difficult to contain the exclamations of disbelief.

The violently surging blood-coloured light lit up the terrified old faces.

The confident Ancient Demons did not expect that, despite preparing for such a long time and after gathering so many experts, the plan that had exhausted their brain was effortlessly destroyed by a Human Race junior.

Jiang Xiaohan had an abrupt change of expression, subconsciously stepping back.

Ye Qingyu's dragon body moved closer, waving his sword again.

From obtaining the three great sword techniques to now, Ye Qingyu had not slacked off from practicing. Now he had already comprehended the peak of the [Human King Sword Mantra].

At this moment, even under the transformation of the Sky dragon, his mastery of the sword technique was as before and not rusty at all. Although he launched his sword without any showy moves, the extreme power that endlessly erupted out was invincible, impossible to evade or block. It seemed to contain the power of the law. A few old monsters watched the sword light slowly coming over, but were horrified to find that they could not dodge the attack, helplessly watched themselves being struck and then lost consciousness!

Bang, bang, bang!

Blood mist once again saturated the air, white bones spattering across.

“Ah... that's impossible.”

“Heavens, I can't stop him!”

“Retreat, quickly retreat!”

The fierce and murderous old monsters moments before, after two moves, had completely lost the courage to fight again.

As a former leader of an era, they have also had a time in the limelight, experienced life and death. But facing this scene, they knew that there was no need to continue fighting, because this was simply a one-sided massacre. They were terrified to find that the power they gained after awakening, in front of this human youngster, was like an illusory bubble. It was easily broken with just one jab.

Bang, bang, bang!

Another three Heaven Ascension Snow Ground Ancient Demons, like slow-reacting puppets, were severed into blood mist that filled the sky.

Jiang Xiaohan's eyes were wide in horror, frantically retreating.

“How could this be? Impossible, Ye Qingyu... how could he so strong?” Because of fear and shock, her body trembled in an uncontrollable way. She couldn't believe it all and couldn't accept it all.

Jiang Xiaohan originally thought that, after experiencing the calamity, and paying such a great price, she was able to get the recognition of that existence and to obtain such powerful strength.  She had imagined that when she once again returned to Heaven Wasteland Domain,  she could stand in front of him again, look down on him again, mercilessly taunt him, make him kneel in front of her begging for mercy, and see a panicked and regretful expression on his always-indifferent face...

However, it never occurred to her that reality would be like this.

Boom boom boom!

Human King sword intent raged like thunder

The sword light was suddenly extinguished, untraceable, where it passed there was not one of the old monsters who could defend against the attack.

“Damn it… run.”

“The plan has failed!”

“Quickly run, this boy is too terrifying.”

The old monsters from all over Heaven Wasteland Domain all of them lost their fighting spirits, like startled birds at the twang of a bow.

They had to admit that, after awakening from the long sleep, although they had regained their strength and life span, the incredibly long slumber time had relentlessly worn down their fighting spirit and will. They could no longer be as arrogant as they used to be and could not ignite the determination to fight to the death that they had in the past.

At this moment, they suddenly discovered that the era that belonged to them had, perhaps, really disappeared forever.

Ye Qingyu brandished the [Blood Drinker Sword], breaking through the wind.

Where the sword light was, killing intent followed.

He showed no mercy.

These old monsters refused to give up their fantasies, and were determined to return to the chaotic times of the past. Despite degenerating from the pride of Heaven Wasteland martial arts world to becoming the root of trouble, they were unrepentant. The desire for strength and life had distorted their mind. Like a malignant tumour growing in Heaven Wasteland Domain, they must be completely eradicated, or there would be disastrous consequences.

The Nine Serenities Palace seemed to have become an Asura hell.

Blood stench pervaded the air.

Death descended.

The old monsters were trying to escape.

But they were soon shocked to find that, unknowingly, on the stone walls of the Nine Serenities Palace, a layer of light-coloured ice crystal pattern had spread across the walls. The pattern, like a brush, sketched out countless mysterious ice formation markings, covering the four walls of the entire Nine Serenities Palace. The temple turned into an icy cold prison, completely sealed up.

The way of escape was cut off.

Some people frantically bombarded the ice formation markings, but were propelled away by the force, spurting out blood.

“You... want to wipe us all out.”

“Junior, you’re so ruthless, you want to kill us all?”

“Merciless!”

The old monsters sank into a panic state, incredibly furious.

The trap and killing formation that they had specially prepared for Ye Qingyu had now become their grave instead.

Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed mercilessly, the dragon body dove down gracefully, and the sword harvested the lives that had fallen into darkness.

The difference in strength was too great. They were unable to deal a blow to the mighty silver Sky dragon form of Ye Qingyu. Like a group of moths attempting to defeat the tremendous dragon, they instead appeared insignificant and ridiculous.

“Sky Demon old ancestor still is not showing up?”

Ye Qingyu's voice echoed throughout the Nine Serenities Palace.

This time he needed to annihilate the enemy thoroughly, completely eradicate these scourges, and fundamentally solve the unrest in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Therefore he was willing to take the risks to come to the Nine Serenities Palace alone. Particularly, the Sky Demon old ancestor had all along been hiding himself and plotting behind the scenes. Ye Qingyu had a hunch that he was a very difficult person to deal with, so he must get rid of him.

Today's plan was certainly arranged by the Sky Demon old ancestor.

And there was a great possibility that this mysterious existence was also present in the Nine Serenities Palace. Unfortunately besides the hoarse and cold ‘kill’ at the beginning, so far, Ye Qingyu still had been unable to capture his location, so he instead attempted to call him out to figure out his whereabouts.

But the depths of the Nine Serenities Palace were silent.

In the blink of an eye, more than a half of the forty or fifty old monsters have been killed.

The air was filled with a pungent smell of blood.

The blood of experts contained endless essence, and even after death, could also kill.

These old monsters were all existences of the Heaven Ascension boundary or higher. Although severed into blood mist, the murderous spirit in the blood did not extinguish as a result, and instead diffused across the void. The piercing cold killing intent in the Nine Serenities Palace was like a real substance, rippling the wall barrier of the void. Jiang Xiaohan felt a burst of stifling pressure, her skin felt as painful as being pricked. She had already lost the power to fight.

She screamed as she stumbled back.

Ye Qingyu returned to human form.

Sword light and sword intent incessantly, like the great river, swallowed up the void.

“Ah, I regret...”

“This life had ended like this, I hate.”

“I’m not willing, I have not made up for the past regret!”

“Hahaha, this is the will of the heavens, our time has come to an end, dragging out an ignoble life would just increase the humiliation. Since such a talent has appeared in the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain, then let him dominate this era, hahaha... In my next life, I want to live honourably.”

The tragic roars of the old monsters before death echoed throughout the Nine Serenities Palace.

In the last moments of their life, some people were unwilling, and some people understood.

Ye Qingyu finally revealed a look of compassion across his face.

Because he knew that, among these old monsters, some had once walked in the light, but unfortunately one wrong decision had led them to fall to the state they were in. The god of destiny really liked to make a fool of people.

But he still didn't hold back.

After half an hour.

All the old monsters were killed.

Corpses were everywhere and blood flowed like a river.

The result of this battle, if it were to spread out, was enough to shake Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In a way, the geniuses and heroes who came about in the chaotic era leading up to the establishment of the Snow Empire and eventually survived, after this battle, were almost entirely wiped out. Ye Qingyu had put an end to an era, as well as personally buried an era.

The only survivor, was Jiang Xiaohan——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 667:


Chapter 685, Venerable Lord Ao

Jiang Xiaohan couldn't help shuddering.

When she saw Ye Qingyu coming towards her, she could not help but scream. She, turned around and fled. Her hair was disheveled, her pale face blood-stained, like a crazy woman screaming and running away in the depths of the Nine Serenities Palace.

Ye Qingyu came to a halt.

He drew a deep breath and slightly calmed down, his inner yuan recovering a little.

To fight against the experts of an era with the strength of one person, even for him, was exhausting. He had almost consumed the majority of the yuan qi in his meridians.

Ye Qingyu dragged the huge [Blood Drinker Sword] behind him. He treaded across the pile of bones and blood, and followed

The darkness of the Nine Serenities Palace seemed like it could engulf all rays of light.

Ye Qingyu's eyesight could only see hundreds of meters away.

Taking one step at a time, his pace was steady.

Being towed across the ground, the [Blood Drinker Sword] emitted a clunky sound of excitement and indignance.

The collision between the blade and the ground produced a long line of sparks, flames sputtering and flickering indefinitely. The flickering light, contrasted against Ye Qingyu, who was like a deity on the Asura killing field. It added an awe-inspiring inviolability and invincibility to his aura.

Finally he came to the deepest part of the Nine Serenities Palace.

A huge dark wall, like the end of the world, stood in the way of everything.

Jiang Xiaohan knelt down on her knees in horror, quietly beside the tall Brute King throne, shivering like a frightened chicken, with her head down and her long hair draped over her face. She did not even dare to take a deep breath.

On the gold Brute King throne, a young figure was sat leaning to one side.

It was a young man who looked less than twenty years old. There was not the slightest yuan qi fluctuating around his body, and his aura was very bizarre. His hair were scattered over both his shoulders, and he was dressed in a loose white robe, which the style looked like nightclothes, and without a strap around his waist. He was bare chested, which was glowing a strange white jade colour. He was ordinary in appearance, barefooted, and even his legs were exposed under the white robe. Propping his chin in the palm of his hand, he sat arrogantly on the throne and coldly looked at Ye Qingyu.

That expression was like a demon god who dominated all living beings, looking at a bug that appeared in front of him.

“Really disappointing, it took so long for you to kill such trash.”

The young man grinned.

As he was speaking, he slowly lifted his leg and very naturally stamped his barefoot on Jiang Xiaohan's bare shoulder, slowly rubbing with his feet. Towards such a humiliating assault, Jiang Xiaohang did not struggle at all, lowered her head and stayed motionless, letting the other side do what he wanted.

A glimmer of puzzlement flashed in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

“You are Sky Demon old ancestor?” He slowly moved closer, stopping ten meters away.

Ye Qingyu felt a dangerous aura from the strange and ordinary-looking young man, who was dressed in normal and casual clothes

“Sky Demon old ancestor?” The young man smiled. “Haha, that piece of trash calls himself the overlord of the Tianyuan era of the era of sects three thousand years ago in Heaven Wasteland Domain, but the little things that I ordered him to do, he actually screwed up. I am very disappointed with him. So I peeled his skin and tore his bones, made a new chamber pot with his skull. It’s quite good when you actually use it.”

He was not the Sky Demon old ancestor?

Ye Qingyu was a little surprised.

His tone of voice was arrogant, but intuition told Ye Qingyu that the young man was not exaggerating just to scare people.

The past chaotic era of sects was also divided into different epochs, of which three thousand years ago it was called the Tianyuan era. Following the young man's reminder, Ye Qingyu immediately recalled that there was a period of time when there indeed was a very terrifying demon expert, known as the first genius of the Demon Race. He had moved unhindered across Heaven Wastelandfor six hundred years and was invincible, known as the Sky Demon. He had dominated an era. It turned out that the Sky Demon old ancestor who Ye Qingyu had been hearing about was that Sky Demon.

But such a tyrannical and powerful person like the Sky Demon was tortured by the young man.

Ye Qingyu carefully studied him, and found it increasingly strange. His body exuded no vitality, and he could not even feel the slightest life force from him. He was just like a stone statue.

“You are not from Heaven Wasteland Domain.” Ye Qingyu captured an information from the other person's words, “Which domain do you come from?”

The young man grinned, but did not answer his question. He lifted his feet and directly stepped on the face of Jiang Xiaohan. “Listen you, this is your childhood sweetheart? Haha, this stupid and snobby woman is only good to play with. Throw her some food occasionally and she will be happy to let you fiddle with, you actually like this kind of woman?”

Ye Qingyu’s brows were drawn together in a frown.

At that moment, he saw clearly that Jiang Xiaohan's face flashed a hint of sadness and indignation.

But she still chose absolute obedience, and did not struggle in the slightest.

Ye Qingyu dragged his [Blood Drinker Sword] and walked towards the young man.

The huge [Blood Drinker Sword] body slightly quivered, a faint anger diffusing out from the body. The strange almost demonic blood markings flashed, closely covered the huge sword body. Every flicker was as though there was a mysterious heart throbbing, producing a faint killing intent.

A sword cry was faintly discernible.

“Oh, this is your demonic sword. It should be the one that killed the Spider Clan Prince.” Looking at the [Blood Drinker Sword], a tinge of strange colour flashed in his eyes, clearly he had great interest in the sword.

Ye Qingyu's footsteps halted.

At this time, the astonishment in his heart had come to a great climax.

From this young man's words Ye Qingyu clearly knew that the opposite side had found out a lot about him. Moreover this information was not at all superficial, but he had a clear understanding about what Ye Qingyu had done in the past, including how he killed the Prince of the Spider Race in Clear River Domain. It was evident that he had investigated a lot about him, and it was even clearer that the other side was definitely not from Heaven Wasteland Domain. It seemed that Yan Buhui's previous speculation was correct: there were other foreign forces behind the old monsters and Ancient Demons that were disrupting Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Jiang Xiaohan, who had disappeared in the Battle of the Light City, was now attached to the feet of a foreign domain person, and it was clear that he was also from a foreign domain.

This made Ye Qingyu extremely vigilant.

It seemed that the activities of foreign domain forces in Heaven Wasteland Domain were far more frantic and deeper than they were on the surface.

And what was more astonishing was that the killing intent in Ye Qingyu's heart was increasingly fierce.

Since the foreign domain forces were so eager to reach into Heaven Wasteland Domain, then he must cut off all these hands completely, so that they feel the pain and will really behave.

[Blood Drinker Sword] was slightly raised.

The tip of the sword pointed straight at the Brute King throne.

Ye Qingyu did not want to waste time talking rubbish and decided to act straight away.

The tremendous sword body that looked blood-soaked was buzzing, the hair-like strands of blood glowed, as it detached from the sword body. It was extremely bizarre. A piecing sharp killing intent erupted like a mountain torrent, striking the opposite side.

The young man kicked Jiang Xiaohan away.

He rose to his feet slowly, with a contemptuous smile on his face. The sword qi and killing intent that came sweeping over like howling wind failed to even lift up his loose robe, and when he raised his hand slightly, a strange whirlpool the size of a toddler's palm appeared in his hands, instantly swallowing up all of Ye Qingyu’s strength.

“It seems that your demon sword is just so-so. After a great battle, you have been worn out,” said the young man, shaking his head, “to tell you the truth, you have disappointed me...”

Before his voice faded.

A cold smile suddenly made its way across Ye Qingyu's face.

In his hand, [Blood Drinker Sword] was raging again. A strange force came gushing out, and all of a sudden, the blood and bones of the old monsters that were killed, as well as the will and killing intent that pervaded the Nine Serenities Palace, all transformed into a current that poured into [Blood Drinker Sword].

A vast and irresistible supreme power bloomed from the body of the sword.

The entire Nine Serenities Palace shook under this power.

The young man's pupils rapidly contracted and finally showed an expression of shock.

However, opposite, Ye Qingyu had already launched his first sword strike.

Blood-coloured sword light skimmed through the void.

And then everything went still.

The young man kept his hand in a lifting position, but his body had stiffened.

“Incredible... haha... I see... this sword...”

He opened his mouth to speak, but the voice that came out had completely changed. It was like the impact of metal striking one another, very bizarre, somewhat hoarse, and similar to two pieces of rusty iron being rubbed together.

A burst of spirituality quickly dissipated from his body.

Then, the young man could not move his mouth again, gradually frozen, his white robe turned to ashes, and his skin that was originally glowing a jade-like luster rapidly dimmed. He gradually turned into a silver metal statue, his face blurred, his body oddly shaped, and with no sense of beauty.

The process was incredibly bizarre, like a jade had lost its spiritual luster and become an ordinary stone.

Ye Qingyu withdrew his sword.

The expected scene of blood splashing did not appear.

He was a little surprised, not expecting to see that under his sword, the mysterious and powerful young man would turn into such an ugly and bizarre metal statue.

Could it be that this young man was just a statue?

“You... even severed a doppelganger of the Venerable Lord Ao, you...” Jiang Xiaohan stared in wide-eyed disbelief, as if she had seen a ghost, and in this great shock, she had even forgotten her fear.

Venerable Lord Ao?

Is that him?

When Ye Qingyu heard the name, a piece of information immediately jumped up in his mind.

Among the great wide world, there were countless domains, thirty upper domains, three hundred middle domains, and countless lower domains, as well as a domain like Heaven Wasteland Domain, which had just generated the Central Domain Gate, and was just barely regarded as a lower domain of the lower domains. Among the three hundred middle domains, there was a domain called the Qian Yuan Boundary, with a history of more than thirty million years, and was ranked in the top ten of the three hundred middle domains.

There were countless strong martial artists in the Qian Yuan Domain, but there was only one sect, that is the Heavenly Stem Sect.

Heavenly Stem Sect had a long history, profound background, unshakeable status, and could be called a supreme martial arts sect.

It was rumored that there were diverse disciples in Heavenly Stem Sect, including people from the Three Religions and Nine Schools, and from all races.

And Venerable Lord Ao as well as three others, represented the four most talented descendants of Heavenly Stem Sect, known as Heavenly Saint Ao, one of the Four Saints of the Heavenly Stem Sect.

Among the many information that the Immortal God Emperor Sect had given to Ye Qingyu, there were only two words about the Venerable Lord Ao.

Extremely dangerous.

Ye Qingyu originally thought that, given the current state of Heaven Wasteland Domain, it should not have captured the attention of such a mature domain, and would not come into contact with an existence like Venerable Lord Ao. However, he absolutely never thought that the tentacles of the other side had unexpectedly stretched into Heaven Wasteland Domain, and also knows him so well. It was obvious that it was not by coincidence——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 668:


Chapter 686, The first year of Heaven wasteland

Things seemed a little unusual.

Logically speaking, a domain that had just reached the level of receiving a rating should not have aroused the attention of such a large force. But given the current situation, could there be other secrets hidden in Heaven Wasteland Domain?

Ye Qingyu had a bad premonition.

Looking at the shocked Jiang Xiaohan, Ye Qingyu was about to say something, when a loud boom broke out. Venerable Lord Ao’s metal statue doppelganger, which had lost its spirituality, ruptured.

“You destroyed my doppelganger. You deserve to die. I will personally turn your head into a chamber pot.”

Venerable Lord Ao’s cold and cruel voice echoed out from the strange silver metal dust. His every word was like an order of the God of Death. The harsh cold voice turned into a mysterious force that came rushing toward Ye Qingyu, as though it was to leave a mark on his body.

“Humph!”

Ye Qingyu let out a snort as [Supreme Ice Flame] enveloped his whole body.

The silver ice flames were incomparably bright, like divine flames.

Despite frantically engulfing over, the sinister power in the end was unable to touch Ye Qingyu's body in the slightest.

In the air, the silver metal dust began to disperse away.

What made Ye Qingyu surprised was that, even though there was nowhere to escape, Jiang Xiaohan was still gone.

There was a faint fluctuation of space energy left behind in the air.

“She was taken away?”

Ye Qingyu roughly sensed that, after the metal doppelganger of Venerable Lord Ao had ruptured, it seemed that he was able to manipulate a wisp of space law, and took away Jiang Xiaohan. Even if he had previously laid out a cold ice formation across the walls of the Nine Serenities Palace, he had still failed to stop him.

That Venerable Lord Ao really was terrifying.

Ye Qingyu had no intention to chase after him. It probably was better for her to go. If Jiang Xiaohan really was trapped here, Ye Qingyu also would have no idea on how to deal with her.

Sheathing the [Blood Drinker Sword], Ye Qingyu sat down on the ground, and began to operate the nameless breathing technique, restoring his yuan qi.

He seemed to have won this battle effortlessly. But in fact, it was full of danger. If Venerable Lord Ao was not exceedingly arrogant, and underestimated the remarkable ability of [Blood Drinker Sword], Ye Qingyu may not have been able to destroy one of his doppelgangers and most likely would have been engulfed in a tough battle.

It was after a full hour before Ye Qingyu had finally recovered completely.

He searched the entire Nine Serenities Palace, and finally in a dark chamber of the palace, found the imprisoned desert Brute King Shi Potian and rescued him. It could be said that he had averted a catastrophe by doing this.

Venerable Lord Ao and the others had planned out this plot very well in the Nine Serenities Palace. Not only was it unknown to all Desert Brute Race masters, they did not arouse the attention of the Desert Brute Race imperial court.

Brute King Shi Potian was incredibly grateful, but also saw the grim situation today. After a chat with Ye Qingyu, he unconditionally agreed to the conditions of the Snow Empire.

Ye Qingyu had finally completed the goal of this trip.

After solving the matters of the Northwest Desert Brute Race, the four major foreign races as well as the Three Sects and Three Schools had all chosen to pay allegiance to the Snow Empire. His patrol of Heaven Wasteland Domain had come to a perfect end. It was finally over.

The Light Palace rose slowly from the yellow sandy desert.

A space crack, like a broken cloth torn by bare hands, spread across the void. The palace cut across the waves of clouds, sand and dust and into the crack, disappearing without a trace.

……

The next moment.

Overhead of the Snow capital, the sunlight sprinkled over a mass of thick clouds.

Like a giant ship braving the waves, the Light Palace all of a sudden pierced through the crack of the clouds, reappearing in the sight of the people of the imperial capital.

The delicate and fine golden light seemed to be adding a golden plating over the black ink-stone Light Palace. The sun enveloped the palace, shining with boundless radiance.

The Light Palace eventually descended on the Light City, and as before, keeping hundreds of meters away from the ground, it was suspended above the Underground Spirit Spring Sword Pit.

Ye Qingyu appeared, and then went to the Crown Prince imperial residence to see Yu Xiaoxing. Half a day later he left, returned to Light City, and shut himself inside.

Snow capital had undoubtedly become the centre of attention of Heaven Wasteland Domain. There were constantly diplomatic corps from the four major foreign races coming after a long and difficult trek to the capital. Ever since the Battle of the Light Palace, there were, once again, foreign race experts stepping foot into the Snow capital. But what was different from the last time was that, this time the envoys appeared extremely humble and did not cause any trouble in the Snow capital.

The situation had become clearer.

The foreign races had acknowledged allegiance, the sects had surrendered, and now all were waiting for the birth of the first Empress of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Time flashed by.

Two months passed by in a twinkling.

……

Two months later.

Lang Yong of the Two Rivers Gang, in accordance with Ye Qingyu’s previous order, selected one hundred children who he saw were talented and had great power of understanding into the Light City.

Next day.

The Central Domain Gate was opened again.

Ye Qingyu personally escorted Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, Li Ying and Li Qi as well as the one hundred children to the Immortal God Emperor Sect of Clear River Domain.

The Immortal God Emperor Sect, was once the only imperial court sect in Clear River Domain, and had more than thousands of years of foundation and history. Its martial arts essence and strength were far beyond the imagination of many people.

Ye Qingyu was well aware that for Bai Yuanxing and the others, continuing to cultivate in Heaven Wasteland Domain was not the most beneficial choice for them in terms of enhancing their strength. If it were a mature domain in comparison such as Clear River Domain, coupled with the training of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, then it will be more beneficial for them to go there than to stay in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Moreover, to choose such an arrangement at this time, Ye Qingyu had other, deeper, intentions.

This time the trip to Clear River Domain was extremely rushed.

Ye Qingyu did not pay a visit to Hu Bugui, Liu Shaji, and the others, and after a brief exchange with Nan Tieyi of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, had to return to Heaven Wasteland Domain alone.

He returned to the Light Palace and continued to cultivate in seclusion.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye half a year past by.

In the past six months, Ye Qingyu had been training in the Light Palace.

Given Ye Qingyu’s current strength, he was surely undefeatable in Heaven Wasteland Domain. But he was very clear that the Domain Alliance that he was about to face was more terrifying than the top experts in Clear River Domain. Therefore he must be stronger, in order to protect his home and family.

……

…...

Six months later.

In Heaven Wasteland Domain, which was wildly beating with gongs and drums, in preparation for the Empress to ascend the throne, something major happened yet again.

The Domain Alliance that had been quiet for a long while, finally made a first official appearance before the major forces of Heaven Wasteland Domain. It issued an inspection order, and that it would send special envoys to formally come to Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Such news, such as it had grown a pair of wings, very rapidly spread throughout Heaven Wasteland Domain.

This day had finally arrived.

Three days later, from the Central Domain Gate in the depths of the fire tree woods, ripples of light were scattered out once again. The domain gate was opened wide, and stepping out were one hundred experts, their cultivation all equally at the peak of the Heaven Ascension boundary. They came from different domains, from different races, but all had the same identity.

Special envoys of the domain patrol.

Before Heaven Wasteland Domain was officially accepted for grading, as representatives of the domain grading inspection, and as carefully selected by the Domain Alliance, they would be dispersed throughout Heaven Wasteland Domain in order to gain direct and in-depth understanding of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Ye Qingyu watched over Light Palace, while he sent out Gao Han and Luo Yi to personally greet them.

Three days later, the hundreds of inspection envoys left Snow capital, and went deep into all areas of Heaven Wasteland Domain, to prepare for the investigation before the domain rating.

Before they left the Snow capital, the Snow Empire's imperial family had also arranged a number of elite generals to assist the domain inspection envoys, but they refused.

The inspection task of the domain rating was a kind of secretive operation. After it had officially begun, the special inspection envoys would no longer have contact with each other. As though they had sank to the bottom of the sea, they completely disappeared from the eyes of all people, taking on different roles and identities, in order to objectively and truly and effectively understand Heaven Wasteland Domain.

All one hundred envoys were carefully selected by the Domain Alliance. After they easily transformed into a a member of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain or even a foreign race, they were distributed in different places of Heaven Wasteland that the Domain Alliance had sent them to. During that period of time, there must be no interference and contact between each other.

In other words, once these special inspection envoys walked out of the Snow capital, people of Heaven Wasteland Domain and even other special envoys will no longer be able to find traces of them or receive any news.

For Heaven Wasteland Domain, their real test had finally arrived.

The empire had tried to track down these inspection envoys, but in the end, all attempts had failed. Eventually Crown Prince Yu Xiaoxing issued an order to forget all attempts.

The integration of the empire was still progressing in an orderly manner as before.

One month later.

The most sensational moment of history had finally arrived.

The Snow Empire issued a high supreme order to Heaven Wasteland Domain.

This was the most historic stroke since the establishment of the Snow Empire.

This was the most epoch-making event in Heaven Wasteland Domain for millions of years.

A black jade imperial order flashing with a cinnabar red light, streaked across the sky from the imperial court of the Snow capital, like the sun in the vast sky. It flew to the eighteen provinces of the Snow Empire, and the major cities, as well as the four major military departments on the border, and the major sects and foreign forces of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Snow Empire changed its name to the Heaven Wasteland Imperial Court.

The Imperial Court ruled the three major races: the Human Race, the Demon Race and the Brute Race.

The next day, the imperial family's Crown Prince Yu Xiaoxing was dressed in the Emperor's garments, and under the witness of tens of thousands of people, including the Lords of the major provinces, leaders of the military divisions, the four foreign race Kings, as well as the Patriarch of the major sects and forces, held a ceremony to formally ascend to the throne, becoming the first Empress of Heaven Wasteland Imperial Court in history.

The land of the Human Race was re-divided into five major regions, Northern area, Southern area, Northwest area, Northeast area and the central Plains.

And the land of the foreign races was divided to the Desert Brute King, White Mountain Black Waters Brute King, the Water Demon King, and the Snow Ground Demon King, the four major Kings.

The title of the Empress reign was Wu Zhao.

This year was the first year of the Empress's reign over Heaven Wasteland Empire.

A brand-new era, the golden era that innumerable people had long awaited for, had finally begun.

Even though the sun and the moon did not rest, the world changed constantly, but this unprecedented day in the whole of history would inevitably cross the barrier of time and space. It would forever remain in Heaven Wasteland Domain, and remembered in the hearts of everyone——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

