Chapter 1189:


Chapter 1204 - He Is Here

This was not his first time witnessing a battle fought in space.

He had once used his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] to enter the battlefield in space during the battle at Capital Sky Peak and witnessed the battle between [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect and turned the situation around.

Now that he had become an Emperor, he had no problem walking on the void with his physical body and could cover a distance of several thousand light years in an instant.

Soon, he appeared right in front of the battlefield.

A fiery bear blazed brightly in the void like an ancient gigantic spiritual being and deafening Dao sounds could be heard from it. It carried a destructive force as it pounced and attacked and this was a pure dark flame that could burn almost everything on earth into ashes.

A lithe and graceful figure stood quietly atop the fiery bear and her dark red skirt was enveloped by the equally dark red flames. Her features had become even more exquisite after she lost the baby fat around her cheeks. Her large eyes flickered with a charming radiance that was as bright as a star in the pitch black void and her skin seemed as flawless as white jade against the red flames and as crystalline as ice. Her radiance was like a lotus and she seemed like a peerless goddess who had emerged from the darkness. There was an innocence in her beauty and a kind of naivety in her innocence but there was also an indescribable elegance present as she exuded an aura that simply could not be matched.

Who else could that person be but Song Xiaojun?

As the years passed, her appearance had undergone some changes and she had matured into a beauty from the naive little girl he knew. Her figure was still petite but slender, and she had become a stunning beauty who could charm everybody.

Dozens of figures who seemed like giants attacked Song Xiaojun and they were of varying shapes and sizes. There were some who were like human giants and there were also some foreign race experts who took on the appearance of demonic beasts. An incomparably large fiery True Phoenix was the most eye-catching of the experts present. As it breathed, it created True Phoenix flames that filled the air and could refine planets in one breath. This Phoenix's power was incredibly astonishing and wisps of Emperor qi could be detected in the fiery flames it unleashed.

Ye Qingyu was not surprised when he saw that there were also other incredibly powerful Invaders present.

It was obvious that the Invaders and the higher-ranking officials of the Guardians' camp were secretly in cahoots.

Once this news got out, it was bound to create huge shockwaves throughout the lands. The Invaders have always been regarded as the most sinister existence since ancient times and it was the known enemy of all living things, so if those from the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm found out that the Guardians were in cahoots with these creatures, it would be the ultimate betrayal and the Guardians would not be forgiven for their crime.

Roar!

A bone cicada with eight wings flapped its wings and the void was slashed into sixteen pieces. These shards of the void turned into sharp knives that charged toward Song Xiaojun.

An evil dark qi surged along with the sharp knives formed by the void.

At the same time, the other Invaders also attacked in a frenzy.

Screech!

A long screech shook the space and the fiery True Phoenix also attacked. Its crimson flames swept through the entire world and these flames contained wisps of Emperor qi as they hurtled toward the huge fiery bear ahead.

Song Xiaojun's face was devoid of any expression as she chanted the Dark Laws. The huge bear beneath her let out an angry yell, releasing dark sound waves that swept through space, instantly destroying the sixteen blades formed from the void. These sound waves did not diminish in momentum and sent the eight-winged bone cicada flying.

However, the crimson flames from the True Phoenix were a huge threat to the fiery bear and it released many angry roars to express its discomfort and annoyance.

"Ha ha, bitch, today is the day you'll die. There's no need for you to leave any last words behind either," a Black-flamed Explosive Ape laughed menacingly. He was a ninth-step Quasi-emperor and he wielded a giant black cudgel that was forged from divine metal and as he swung this cudgel, space shattered and hurtled toward Song Xiaojun.

Boom!

The giant cudgel smashed hard against the giant bear and the Black-flamed Explosive Ape was sent flying backward.

The giant fiery bear let out an angry growl but as another Quasi-emperor launched an attack against it, it was forced to deal with the attack and could not chase after the Black-flamed Explosive Ape.

Upon closer observation, one would be able to notice that the fiery bear's body was riddled with countless injuries and each time it was inflicted with another injury, Song Xiaojun's complexion paled even more, so there was a clear but mysterious connection between the fiery bear and Song Xiaojun.

They had already been fighting for more than two weeks.

Her attackers who had meticulously planned this ambush felt that this battle had dragged on longer than they anticipated because the young Emperor of Darkness Song Xiaojun was a lot more powerful than they had expected. She was already almost a Martial Emperor herself and despite facing attacks from dozens of peak Quasi-emperors, she had managed to remain undefeated.

However, now that they had the fiery TruePhoenix on their side, it was clear that this young Emperor of Darkness had almost been stretched to breaking point.

Screech!

The fiery True Phoenix howled and it carried an ancient and primitive energy as it charged toward the giant bear and engaged the it in close combat. As they clashed repeatedly, large swathes of the void shattered, sparks flew everywhere, and a terrifying force circulated frantically in space that destroyed and caused desolate large stars to explode into pieces.

Puff!

A blood arrow shot from her mouth and the dark red blood that resembled blazing flames was injected into the fiery giant bear's body.

The fiery giant bear attacked even more frantically.

It had clearly reached the end of its tether.

"Ha ha, this is it, our moment of success."

"If we kill her, our great achievements would be recognized by the higher-ups."

"He he, we would be rewarded even more if we manage to capture her alive. Ha ha, the Emperor of Darkness? What a joke. How could a lowly Sinner girl call herself an Emperor. She must be sick of living."

"Song XIaojun, if you surrender now and allow yourself to be captured, your Unmoving City of Darkness might be spared and you’re trusted subordinated might escape the executioner's knife. Otherwise, the entire Unmoving City of Darkness will go down with you."

"You should spare a thought for the soldiers who are willing to lay down their lives for you. There's nowhere for you to hide, so why don't you sacrifice yourself for the greater good?"

The Quasi-emperors who surrounded her all threw all kinds of advice at her and tried to use their words to affect her resolve.

Song Xiaojun suddenly looked confused and froze in disbelief. Then, she stopped moving altogether, as though their words had convinced her and looked like she had given up trying to resist capture. The fiery giant bear beneath her had also quietened.

"Ha ha ha, that's great. Very well, if you're willing to be captured, we might spare your trusted subordinates. Ha ha, you..."

Someone laughed sinisterly.

As though a spring breeze had gently caressed her face, a dazzling smile suddenly broke across her face that had been completely blank thus far and that moment was as though a glacier had melted or thick ice had cracked.

"He's here," she muttered and a faint blush stained her cheeks.

The lofty Emperor of Darkness smiled like a girl-next-door.

"This is it. Attack... and kill!" the Black-flamed Explosive Ape Quasi-emperor cried out and his eyes flashed menacingly. He suddenly attacked when Song Xiaojun entered this trance-like state and he couldn't wait to smash her into pieces since he had taken a beating thanks to her earlier.

His giant cudgel whistled through space and stirred up the galaxies of the Nine Heavens.

Song Xiaojun completely ignored him.

A gentle and faint smile spread across her face and this smile was as warm as the first sunlight of spring as she stared in the distance.

"Die," the Black-flamed Explosive Ape Quasi-emperor was thrilled. His giant cudgel was almost as powerful as an Emperor weapon and could destroy spirits in an instant. Even if a peak Quasi-emperor managed to escape death, he would sustain severe injuries once his cudgel hit its target and now that Song Xiaojun's energy reserves were already depleted, her fate would be no different.

The giant cudgel was less than the length of a finger away from Song Xiaojun's forehead.

The next moment, a fair palm appeared out of nowhere to grip the giant cudgel forged from golden-black divine metal and prevented it from moving any further.

This palm belonged to a young man in white robes.

His countenance was as radiant as jade and he stood tall and handsome in space.

He was as white as snow, as though he was an Immortal who had descended upon this part of space from the Immortal Realm.

There were no traces of martial way energy waves on this young man's body. His back was facing the Black-flamed Explosive Ape and he looked straight at Song Xiaojun. Their faces were less than half a meter apart and they stared tenderly at each other. When he had held the Black-flamed Explosive Ape's lethal blow, he had caught it with the back of his hand and effortlessly managed to block this blow. He had made his movements seem so casual and easy.

Everything seemed to freeze at that moment.

Similarly, time seemed to stop.

Heaven and earth were drained of color, the planets and nebula quietened, and the galaxies were like rainbow strips that swirled around.

Silence spoke louder than words.

The fiery True Phoenix in the distance had also stopped as though it had sensed something. Its movements also became more hesitant.

"Who are you? How dare you stop me? Die!" the Black-flamed Explosive Ape was the first to shake himself out of his reverie.

He used all his might to wrest his giant cudgel from this young man's grip but it was as though this giant cudgel was welded into the fair white palm and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't even move his giant cudgel. He could neither smash it downward nor retract his cudgel.

"Who exactly are you?" the Black-flamed Explosive Ape growled loudly, his voice a mixture of shock and surprise.

A flash of annoyance finally appeared on the young man's face and he looked like a young man whose date with his lover had just been interrupted without reason. The hand that held the cudgel gently shook and flung it aside as he said, "Shut up... and get lost!"

There was a series of cracking sounds.

The giant cudgel that was almost as powerful as an Emperor weapon and forged from golden-black divine metal immediately shattered as though it was made of fragile straw and before everyone could react, the Black-flamed Explosive Ape Quasi-emperor shrieked in terror. The arms that held his giant cudgel were also starting to shatter in the same manner as his giant cudgel. Then, everyone watched as cracks appeared all over his body, waist, skull, legs...

Finally, his body shattered into tiny pieces in the same manner as his giant cudgel.

His spirit that spilled out of his body also transformed into tiny pieces that scattered in the quiet galaxies like fireflies before they vanished completely.

His physical and spiritual forms were both destroyed.

A peak ninth-step Quasi-emperor had been killed.

"What?"

When the other Quasi-emperors who had been attacking Song Xiaojun witnessed this scene, they were struck with terror and quickly retreated at the first instance.

How could this have happened?

That Black-flamed Explosive Ape had been a peak ninth-step Quasi-emperor and was regarded as one of the most powerful existence in the martial way of this era. However, that Quasi-emperor had been killed by the young man in white so effortlessly that it seemed to come to this young man as easily as drinking water. What kind of person could this young man be? Could he be... a Martial Emperor?

A chill ran down the spines of all of Song Xiaojun's attackers at the thought of a Martial Emperor being in their midst.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1190:


Chapter 1205 - Love Once Begun, Will Never End

The Black-flamed Explosive Ape Quasi-emperor vanished forever into the dark and lonely space.

When the other Quasi-emperors witnessed this scene, they felt a chill shoot uncontrollably from the base of their spines, all the way up to their heads and chilliness surged so powerfully that it could have blown their minds. As incredibly powerful beings who have dominated over others wherever they went for many years, this was the most shocking and terrifying scene that they had witnessed. As they watched the Black-flamed Explosive Ape vanish in this manner, they seemed to see themselves coming to the same end.

Roar!

The only one who continued to attack was the Quasi-emperor level Invader who seemed absolutely fearless.

The eight-winged cicada flapped its bony wings and ripped the void into shreds. Instantly, these ripped shreds transformed into countless blades that formed a tempest that roared through space, sweeping toward Ye Qingyu. This chaotic and piercingly sharp blade tempest was incredibly terrifying; it seemed like this eight-winged cicada was exceptionally suited for battling in space.

"How irritating," the young man in white said in exasperation. He turned around and grabbed at the void.

Instantly, formation chains that were made up of Dao laws circled around his palm and rapidly expanded exponentially with no end in sight, transforming into a humongous white palm; it seemed like it could destroy countless large planets in a single pinch. This white palm stretched out from the nebula, grabbed hold of the entire chaotic and piercingly sharp tempest in its palm, and it crushed it with a gentle pinch as though it were crushing a black ball of mist. Then, the large palm that was like a fiendgod stretched out once again, caught that gigantic eight-winged bone cicada and crushed it into fine powder.

A gigantic Quasi-emperor level Invader was killed just like that, crushed into pieces as if it were nothing but a helpless chicken.

The humongous palm retreated and rapidly shrank. It ultimately made its slow retreat, back into the fair and supple palm of that young man in white.

The young man in white finally smiled after he crushed the eight-winged cicada, revealing a set of pearly white teeth. He said warmly, "Dear all, it's been a while since I've last seen my girl, so could you please move aside and give us some privacy?"

All of the Quasi-emperor level experts, and even the two who seemed to fear nothing at all, remained frozen in space as though a body-binding spell had been cast over them. No one dared to take another step forward, neither did anyone dare to move.

Song Xiaojun immediately blushed furiously.

The lofty Emperor of the Unmoving City of Darkness was now as shy as a young girl who had just received a love confession from the boy-next-door for the first time. The ferocious giant fiery bear beneath her feet was also surprisingly quiet and tamely retracted its aura.

"Am I right to say that you still remember and recognize who I am?" Ye Qingyu said as he looked at Song Xiaojun.

He realized after he saw her, and noticed the expression on her face when she spotted him, that the situation seemed better than he had expected. Song Xiaojun had clearly gotten her memories of the past back and she had also recognized him, but he wanted to hear her admit it herself.

"Yes, Brother Qingyu," Song Xiaoyu said with a small nod.

Ye Qingyu froze for a moment before elation washed over him.

The moment she addressed him as 'Brother Qingyu'. he felt like he had been transported back to that bright sunny morning at the White Deer Academy when a lively girl who tripped because her robes were too long looked up and an innocent but charming smile spread across her childish and chubby face as she asked, "Are you Ye Qingyu?"

Yes, the girl from his past had truly returned.

She had truly recovered her memories.

Her voice that called him 'Brother Qingyu' seemed to have traveled through countless years and reached his ears from that bright sunny morning.

He didn't know how Song Xiaojun managed to overcome the power of her blood to recover her memories after she had merged completely with the dark bloodline, but that wasn't important. What mattered most to him was the fact that the lovely girl that he knew was truly back.

Love once begun, will never end.

He didn't know when he had fallen for this adorably naive and silly girl and everything that happened after, when she had approached him as a stranger at the restaurant at Youyuan Pass and drank together, and when she had protected him at the Palace of the [Formation Emperor Luosu] only served to deepen their bond without him realizing. As time passed, his love for her only grew deeper and more intense.

Time and space seemed to recede at that moment.

They seemed to be the only two people who existed in this world.

Although Ye Qingyu was an Emperor and his heart was impervious to the passions of mankind, he could not help but be moved when she called him 'Brother Qingyu'.

He gently stretched out his hand with a tender smile.

A blush still stained Song Xiaojun's gorgeous face, but she did not hesitate and also stretched out her hand. Her slender and smooth fingers seemed to have traveled through time and space as she gently raised her hand to take his.

The moment he held her hand, he felt as though he was holding the entire world or the entire universe in his hands.

There was no need for words since they understood how the other was feeling at that moment.

A warm and tender atmosphere hung in the air between the two of them.

"Roar?" the fiery giant bear beneath them seemed a little bewildered.

It couldn't understand why its normally aloof master would allow a stranger to stand on its head and also thought that there was something strange about this atmosphere that hung in the air, so it growled softly and it sounded like a soft-spoken maiden. Then, it obediently retracted its aura.

In the distance.

Screech—!

The ancient fiery Phoenix let out a long whistling sound.

The fiery Phoenix sounded angry and it opened its mouth to unleash flames that filled the sky, then rushed toward Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun. It had refined more than half of the void.

The scorching flames and the long screech interrupted the silence between the two lovers.

Ye Qinguyu frowned and told Song Xiaojun, "I guess I'll have to chase these obnoxious guests away first."

Song Xiaojun nodded with a smile.

He turned around and opened his mouth, exhaling at length. Then, the flames of the True Phoenix that were rushing toward them immediately scattered across space and could no longer move forward.

Screech!

The ancient fiery Phoenix screeched and transformed into a fiery flowing light that charged toward Ye Qingyu.

"You must be courting death," Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed with killing intent. He raised his hand and his fiendgod-like huge palm appeared once more; the Dao laws surged while the formation chains swirled around his palm. His five fingers turned into claws and stretched out to grab at this fiery Phoenix. This had been the same move that killed the eight-winged bone cicada earlier.

The ancient fiery Phoenix was possibly very strong, but it was still not yet an Emperor.

It was soon captured by Ye Qingyu.

Screech!

It screeched loudly and its voice was full of anger.

A bizarre and cruel qi that couldn't be described in words circulated around it. It seemed to resemble the Invaders and didn't seem to be able to think logically, but its aura was more powerful than most living creatures. Strangely, it cut with its Phoenix wings and shook its Phoenix claws as it frantically tried to counter-attack.

Unfortunately, everything was all in vain and it failed to escape from Ye Qingyu's grip.

The giant fiendgod palm started to close in and was about to destroy it when Ye Qingyu suddenly felt a strange sensation that flashed across his shoulder. There was a slight but sudden change to his expression as he muttered, "Hmm? Could this be..." His expression was extremely odd and he also seemed slightly surprised. The giant fiendgod palm did not close completely, but a force gushed out from it and gently sent the fiery True Phoenix away.

"Run!"

The remaining Quasi-emperor experts who witnessed this scene turned pale and swiftly turned into dozens of flowing light that fled in all directions. They could tell that the young man in white was extremely powerful, able to kill Quasi-emperors as effortlessly as killing dogs. This person was definitely not their match and he was most likely a Martial Emperor.

"Would you be able to escape?" Ye Qingyu said with a cold laugh. "You attacked and attempted to kill my girl and you're all full of evil intentions. You've sacrificed yourselves for the interests of the camp. There's not a single decent man amongst you... I shall sentence all of you to death and will carry this sentence out immediately."

This voice was like a divine edict.

Immediately, the power of Dao laws surged and there was a manifestation seeming like orderly chains that sealed the surrounding million kilometers. The Quasi-emperors who were trying to flee collided against these chains like flies against a glass panel and they were flung back by the shock...

Once a Martial Emperor spoke, his words were like a mandate from heaven.

The surrounding area with a radius of a million kilometers had completely turned into an impregnable prison.

"Shrink!" Ye Qingyu said and the prison formed by the power of laws started to shrink.

The Quasi-emperors who had collided against the laws of this prison were dragged back; as the prison continued to shrink, they were quickly sent within merely thousands of meters from Ye Qingyu.

"Who... who are you?" a foreign race Quasi-emperor yelled in fright.

"Are you a true Martial Emperor? Impossible... you... may I know which sovereign are you? We were merely carrying out the camp's sovereign's orders, so there must be a mistake," another Quasi-emperor who took on a human form yelled and attempted to explain his actions.

The remaining two Quasi-emperor level Invaders were completely enraged and attacked Ye Qingyu ferociously.

The Invaders were creatures of Chaos and they were extremely ferocious; they only knew how to kill since they were born in darkness. They had killed countless members of their own kind in order to be as strong as Quasi-emperors. Although their instincts were extremely powerful and had already sensed how terrifying Ye Qingyu was, they were still beasts that would put up a desperate struggle. After they unleashed their ferocious and violent nature, they threw all caution to the wind and looked as though they wanted to bring Ye Qingyu down along with them.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and his fingers were like swords as he gently slashed across the void.

The sword will of the [Life Sword Mantra] that also contained the force from the [Blood Drinker Sword] ripped through the air and burst forth.

Swish!

The sword radiance slashed the two Quasi-emperor level Invaders and there was a loud pop, as though two bubbles had been pricked by the sword. Then, the two Quasi-emperors that had destructive power disappeared mysteriously from the world without a single trace. It was just like they had never existed before since all traces of their existence had been wiped so cleanly.

The two rays of silver sword radiance turned back, their splendor even more dazzling as they returned to Ye Qingyu's palm and wriggled back under his skin.

"It's time for the rest of you to die." Ye Qingyu turned his attention to the remaining Quasi-emperors and his murderous spirit surged. He reached out to drag one of the Quasi-emperors to him and planned to search this Quasi-emperor's memory to find out who was the true instigator who ordered them to kill Song Xiaojun.

However—

Boom!

There was an explosion; the Quasi-emperor's mind immediately exploded and turned to ashes.

"Hmm?" Ye Qingyu froze for a moment but quickly realized that a Martial Emperor must have planted this restraining force within that Quasi-emperor's mind to prevent this Quasi-emperor from leaking any news. This was why the Quasi-emperor had turned into dust when he was about to forcibly search the Quasi-emperor's memories.

There was definitely a sovereign-level person behind the scenes who controlled everything.

Ye Qingyu realized that the incident today was not as simple as it seemed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1191:


Chapter 1206 - The Fate of the Phoenix Race

This had been a peak Quasi-emperor but he was killed as easily as though he was merely a child. Ye Qingyu grabbed another Quasi-emperor to him and this Quasi-emperor's struggles were all in vain. When Ye Qingyu tried to search his mind, the result was exactly the same as before. The Quasi-emperor's mind exploded and Emperor’s qi circulated around dangerously. He was unable to get anything from these Quasi-emperors despite the fact that he was now a Martial Emperor.

"I'm going to fight to the death with him."

"Kill, kill him."

"Since there's no way for us to escape, let us die along with him."

At that moment, the Quasi-emperors who had assumed that everything was playing out according to plan earlier felt the shadow of death loom over them. There was no way for them to escape and they were like trapped beasts that had descended into lunacy. They unleashed their strongest force in unison and charged ferociously at Ye Qingyu.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The power of Dao laws surged and countless flowing lights were like an endless swarm of bees that charged toward him.

These flowing lights were countless fake Emperor weapons that had been activated by the Quasi-emperor and caused explosions that ripped the void apart and turned the surrounding area where Ye Qingyu was standing into a destructive Chaos ocean. They had thrown everything behind their attack to kill him.

However, the [Blood Drinker Sword] appeared in Ye Qingyu's hand and slashed across the void.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] cut across the destructive ocean of Chaos like a hot knife through butter, and this ocean split into two. All the energy released from those weapons were completely absorbed by the [Blood Drinker Sword], as though it was a whale drinking water. Then, the silver sword body of the [Blood Drinker Sword] shone even brighter.

Slash!

The [Blood Drinker Sword] flew across the sky at his mental command.

Its silver light flickered elusively as it slashed through space and all the Quasi-emperors in its way were killed as easily as though it was stringing candied hawthorns on a stick. Their figures instantly turned into dust that filled the air and they were completely annihilated while their yuan qi and energy were absorbed by the [Blood Drinker Sword].

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The [Blood Drinker Sword] vibrated, then it flew back to Ye Qingyu's hands.

Then, the long sword covered the surface area of his entire palm like flowing water before it tunneled under his skin and vanished without a trace, as though it had become one with his body.

His current cultivation meant that he would not spare any of these Quasi-emperors. He had used his [Blood Drinker Sword] to kill the Quasi-emperors effortlessly and didn't encounter any difficulties along the way. He wiped out the dozens of Quasi-emperors who had been attacking Song Xiaojun earlier and turned them into dust that scattered across the universe. The ancient fiery Phoenix was the only creature he had spared.

Screech——!

It let out an angry wail and tried to attack Ye Qingyu but couldn't approach him.

"Do you not know who I am?" Ye Qingyu asked and the soundwaves from his voice contained a sharp warning that tried to bring this strangely violent Phoenix back to its senses.

However, it failed to be effective.

The ancient fiery Phoenix was still extremely violent, as though it had lost its divine sense. It was still incredibly savage as it tried to pounce on him.

"How could this be?" Ye Qingyu said with a frown.

He had already sensed a strange aura from this Phoenix when they had exchanged blows earlier and he was sure that this ancient fiery Phoenix was none other than the Celestial Phoenix Maiden who he hadn't seen for a long while. After they had last met at Ren Puyang's office within the divine temple of the Vast Thousand Domains, he hadn't seen this gorgeous prodigy who had been through several near-death experiences with him again. He hadn't expected that the next time they met, she would have already turned into an ancient True Phoenix with no sense of reason who attacked Song Xiaojun.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden had once told him that their race's mandate was to keep an eye on the forces within the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Did this mean that the Phoenix Race was not part of the Vast Thousand Domains but rather, they were part of the Dark Realm? In other words, did the Phoenix Race come to the Dark Realm after they vanished entirely the last time?

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was acting very strangely.

He could tell that some kind of energy within her bloodstream had been activated and this resulted in her reverting back to the appearance of her ancestors, but she didn't possess the true power of the Phoenix Race and could only unleash less than one percent of their original powers. She was more powerful than a peak ninth step Quasi-emperor and was just a whisker away from being a Martial Emperor. She was definitely the strongest opponent amongst all who were attacking Song Xiaojun earlier.

He noticed that after the Celestial Phoenix Maiden transformed into an ancient fiery Phoenix, she had lost her will and ability to reason and had become a violent and ferocious beast. This was extremely odd and he suspected that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was being controlled by someone else against her will.

He continued to try to awaken the Celestial Phoenix Maiden from her violent state but to no avail.

"Capture!" Ye Qingyu said.

An Emperor qi exploded from his lips —— this was the manifestation of the one hundred eight characters mysterious technique and captured the ancient fiery Phoenix that struggled furiously.

"Brother Qingyu, do you know her?" Song Xiaojun couldn't help but ask.

She usually didn't take an interest nor felt curious about anything, but when she was with Ye Qingyu, she became as animated as a curious child and she looked at him with interest.

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "She's the Celestial Phoenix Maiden of the Phoenix Race and a friend of mine."

"Someone must have controlled her spirit. The power of her blood has been tainted and the hidden energy within her blood has been forcibly activated. Moreover, someone has also planted a spell within her body..." Song Xiaojun said confidently after looking at the Phoenix.

Ye Qingyu froze for a moment and immediately realized that Song Xiaojun would possibly have a good understanding of the Phoenix Race since their mandate was to keep an eye on the Unmoving City of Darkness. This was why she could see what was wrong with the Celestial Phoenix Maiden more accurately than he could.

"Is there any way to break this stronghold?" he asked.

"It'll be difficult since the person who did this to her was extremely powerful and is probably as strong as you are. Moreover, any technique that involves the spirit and the power of blood would be very complex. There are three solutions and the worst solution would be to use someone with an invincible cultivation to break this stronghold. However, the person who breaks this stronghold must first have a very good understanding of Emperor spells and must be of a certain level of cultivation. Otherwise, one mistake could result in the destruction of her body and spirit. The second solution would be to find the person who is using this spell to control her and either kill that person or force him to remove this spell. The best solution is to find a relative like her who shares the same True Phoenix blood as her. The closer their bloodline is, the better it would be and we'd have to use the relative's body to disperse the effects of this spell and gradually destroy it. The best bet would be her father or her grandsons..." Song Xiaojun listed three solutions at once and it was obvious that she was very familiar with this situation.

Ye Qingyu was surprised by her knowledge of this matter and asked curiously, "Why are you so knowledgeable about this subject?"

A charming smile appeared on Song Xiaojun's face as she said truthfully, "The Phoenix Race is an ill-fated race and those of their race had always met with tragic ends. The entire race might seem extremely powerful and glorious but their race has been groomed and controlled by others. Even the most outstanding prodigy of their race would have their autonomy taken away from them after they've reached maturity and they would become puppets of others. Those who have groomed them will use a dark and evil mysterious technique to activate the power of their blood and use their True Phoenix fire unique to their race to deal with the Unmoving City of Darkness. This is because the Phoenix fire is the only thing that would be able to cause sustained damage to our bloodline and it's the only thing that would be able to restrain us... Many other matchless prodigies of the Phoenix Race had also been trapped in the same fate as your friend and I've also come across others who shared her fate. She isn't the first and our wise ancestors had tried to help the Phoenix Race dispel this curse on their race and understood some secrets, but unfortunately, their efforts haven't paid off..."

"What? How could this be?" Ye Qingyu was astonished.

This meant that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had become so powerful and terrifying because someone had used an evil mysterious technique to activate the power of her blood and controlled her spirit with a spell to turn her into a puppet who would blindly obey the masterminds of the Dark Realm?

He vaguely sensed that there was an ancient and dark secret behind Song Xiaojun's words.

He would have never thought that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's fate would be so tragic.

He suddenly remembered how the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had seemed a little strange when they had last met at Ren Puyang's office. She looked at him as though she had many things she wanted to say, but they only chatted about other topics before they left in a hurry. Before she left, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had stared at him for a long while, brimming with words that she wanted to say but ultimately left unsaid...

Did her actions mean that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had already known what would happen to her and that she was using their final moments together to bid him farewell?

Had such an unjust fate befallen the prodigious girl of the Phoenix Race who had been as proud as the True Phoenixes of the heavens, who had always stood by her principles with determination, and that beautiful and amazing talented girl who had always insisted on protecting him?

"I have to save her," Ye Qingyu said resolutely.

He knew that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had fallen for him and he had also taken a liking to this Celestial Phoenix Maiden. Although his affection for her wasn't to the point that he wanted to marry her, as a friend, he would never allow the Celestial Phoenix Maiden to be controlled by those evil spells and would not allow her to be a pawn to which a tragic fate would ultimately befall her.

"Sure, bring her back with us to the Unmoving City of Darkness and you may refer to the ancient books in our city. You might just be able to refine the techniques that the wise ancestors of the Unmoving City of Darkness have left behind and possibly help her recover her senses and at the same time, change the fate of the Phoenix Race. After all, you're now a lofty Martial Emperor," Song Xiaojun agreed readily. "Based on my understanding, the Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness had once been close allies and had not been enemies. However, we've only became enemies due to several incidents later."

"Very well," Ye Qingyu was very concerned about the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and was filled with fury toward those who had made her this way.

The more powerful he became and the loftier he stood, he found himself able to see the scenes that most ordinary people would never be able to see and also discovered some secrets. It was clear that the relationship between Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness could not be explained in a few sentences. At the moment, his top priority was to make sure that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden regained her senses. Then, he would be able to conduct further investigations.

"Let's go," Ye Qingyu sealed the powers of the ancient fiery Phoenix and took Song Xiaojun's hand in his. They would leave the battlefield in space to return to the Unmoving City of Darkness of the Dark Realm.

At that moment——

"Go? Where do you think you're going?" a cold voice that was full of killing intent rang out.

Strange waves that were like ripples on a pond suddenly undulated around the surrounding battlefield and a terrifying Emperor qi surged at them from three different directions as three figures who were like fiendgods appeared in three different locations. Their bodies gave off a limitless Emperor qi that seemed to be as boundless as the ocean.

This was the aura from true Martial Emperors. They were not fake Emperors, neither were they Quasi-emperors.

Three true Martial Emperors appeared in space.

"Ye Qingyu, did you really think that we didn't know what your origins and identity were? The Emperor of Darkness was merely a bait and this trap was laid out for you. Since you've already fallen into our trap, do you think you'd be able to leave in one piece? Ha ha, why don't you stay behind?" a cold voice rang out contemptuously and piercing killing intent drew closer to him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1192:


Chapter 1207 - A True Martial Emperor Battle

It was the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan.

His aura was very similar to the Supreme Commander of the Sky-reaching clan, so Ye Qingyu immediately identified him.

Naturally, the Supreme Commander of the Dark Feather clan had also accompanied the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan.

The third Martial Emperor was as burly as a mountain but his aura was relatively unfamiliar to Ye Qingyu. There were some similarities between his aura and the Supreme Commander of the Lofty Mountain clan who he killed, but upon closer observation, there were stark differences in their aura as well, so he couldn't identify him immediately.

The moment the three Martial Emperors appeared, the situation immediately became extremely dangerous.

Ye Qingyu could tell that the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan and the others were in peak condition and were no longer repressing their true cultivation, so they had already ascended to their Martial Emperor cultivation, so it was incredibly terrifying. They sealed the entire battlefield in space with their appearance and this was the same method that Ye Qingyu had used earlier to trap the other Quasi-emperors. It would take him a bit of time to break past this barrier that they had put in place and obviously, the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan and the others were definitely not going to give Ye Qingyu the time and opportunity he needed to break free.

"You guys have really gone all out in order to kill me and even ascended to your true Martial Emperor cultivation. Does this mean that you've already given up on the final goal that you've been striving for all these years?" Ye Qingyu quickly calmed down.

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan laughed coldly and said derisively, "How would a puny Human Race underling like yourself who became an Emperor by chance understand the true resources of a Martial Emperor? We might have ascended to our full power today but we also have our own methods of preventing this from affecting our lifespan. Killing you wouldn't affect our ultimate goals, so you should accept your fate quietly."

"Ha ha, I told you that I'll kill you one day and today is that day," the sovereign of the Dark Feather clan said as he slowly approached Ye Qingyu.

He was full of murderous intent toward Ye Qingyu and had been itching for a chance to kill him for the longest time.

The third Martial Emperor who was as burly as a mountain did not say anything but his eyes flashed with strong murderous spirit and hatred.

Ye Qingyu gently squeezed Song Xiaojun's hand and said, "Does this mean that you've already investigated my identity?"

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan scoffed coldly and said, "Didn't you say that you didn't like to waste time dwelling on meaningless words? Are you trying to buy time now?" Then, he could not hide the contempt on his face as he continued, "Since there's no way you'd be able to walk out of this battlefield alive today, I guess it wouldn't hurt to tell you the truth. That's right, we've already figured out your identity the day after you became a Martial Emperor and all the sovereigns within the Royal City including the old man from the Sun clan know who you are. Ha ha, the Dark Realm has reigned supreme over this area for millions of years and we'll know everything that has happened within the Vast Thousand Domains. Although our ancient ancestors have laid down the rule that the experts of the Dark Realm may not enter the Vast Thousand Domains, this does not mean that we're not aware of what is going on there. You've underestimated the power and control the sovereigns of the Dark Realm have over the Vast Thousand Domains. We did not kill you because we were merely biding our time."

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan and the others have been greatly oppressed by Ye Qingyu recently. After several exchanges of words between themselves and Ye Qingyu, they had been utterly humiliated. When was the last time he had suffered such humiliation since he became a Martial Emperor himself?

Thus, the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan was naturally more talkative than the others.

"We did not attack you because we were poorly prepared back then, but you continued to provoke us time and time again, as though you were tempting death. You barely know anything about us but yet you've naively believed that you have managed to corner us. Do you truly think that we wouldn't be able to crush you?" the sovereign of the Dark Feather clan vented, as though he wanted to get this off his chest. "We merely lacked nutrition and didn't have enough energy to deal with you back then. But today is the day that you'll die."

He wanted to vent his anger longed to see Ye Qingyu's despairing expression because this young man was truly too arrogant.

"What are we waiting for? Let's kill him," the burly Martial Emperor who gave off abundant earth energy was clearly a Martial Emperor who had cultivated the martial way of the earth. He had never exchanged blows with Ye Qingyu, neither had he appeared before this and from the way he spoke, he sounded like he was just mechanically trying to carry out his mission.

Those three Martial Emperors had already assumed that Ye Qingyu was doomed to die today.

They closed in on him and their power of Emperor Dao laws and aura surged like boundless oceans and the space all around them was completely sealed. They did not only use their own powers of Emperor Dao laws to seal this entire space but they had also used a powerful Emperor weapon to lock down the void and even froze time, as though this part of space had been extracted from its part of the world.

They were admiring the expression on Ye Qingyu's face before he died and wanted to see the arrogant peasant boy grovel and beg.

However, Ye Qingyu remained completely calm.

He did not panic and said calmly, "Very well. Since you're so sure that you'll be able to kill me today, could you answer one final question?"

"Cut the crap. Die," the burly Martial Emperor said and seemed very anxious to attack.

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan chuckled loudly and said, "My friend, please wait. There's no need to rush through things..." He looked at Ye Qingyu and said with a mocking laugh, "Go on, what would you like to know? It would be better to remain silent if you're going to beg for mercy. If you're going to die, you should die with the dignity of a Martial Emperor. Moreover, even if you beg and grovel for mercy, ha ha ha, I will definitely not spare you either. Ha ha ha!"

His mannerisms and attitude were completely unbecoming of a Martial Emperor and he had lost his composure.

Ye Qingyu shook his head. He thought that the supreme prodigies of the past who had been hiding in darkness for such a long time like dark ghosts that they had become slightly psychopathic.

"Are you here to kill me due to our personal grudges, or is there another reason for your actions today?" Ye Qingyu verbalized his doubts.

He felt that things were definitely not as simple as they seemed.

"You've provoked us, so you deserve death," the sovereign of the Dark Feather clan said coldly.

"Does this mean that this boils down to our personal grudges?" Ye Qingyu did not seem enraged by the contemptuous tone in the sovereign of the Dark Feather clan's voice.

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan took a deep breath and said, "If we spare you today, the entire Royal City will think that the Sky-reaching clan, Dark Feather clan, and Lofty Mountain clan are pushovers."

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, "Honor and reputation, these are all excuses that you're leveraging on to kill me. The deaths of your great-great-grandsons shouldn't bother you and familial affection and honor mean very little to you right now. The clan elders of the current generation are your great-great-grandsons with several dozen generations between yourselves and them, so your blood has already been diluted a long time ago. You only care about that thing and you would give up everything for that shared common goal. Even if you've discovered a method that would be able to allow you to ascend to your Martial Emperor cultivation without sacrificing your lifespan, you would not waste such a chance to deal with a puny character like myself. So, there has to be another reason behind your actions today."

The sovereign of Sky-reaching clan's expression changed as he said, "You seem to think you know everything."

Ye Qingyu burst out laughing and said, "Ha ha, so I was right after all. You would only throw all caution to the wind to destroy something that threatens to topple the control you have over your ultimate goal since you are all such selfish and evil creatures... In other words, you... Oh wait, it should be all of you, I'm not sure how big this organization is, but I'm pretty sure that you have agreed that I'll be a threat to your ultimate goals, so you have come today to kill me."

The expressions of all three Martial Emperors changed slightly.

"Die." the burly Martial Emperor whose figure was as muscular as mountains immediately attacked.

The void shook and there was a series of crashing sounds as though mountain ranges had collapsed. The power of Dao laws surged with a destructive force. This was the true power of a Martial Emperor and its power was comparable to Ye Qingyu's. It was as though the entire space was disintegrating like a mountain range and threatened to kill all living creatures within it.

"[Cloud Top Cauldron]!" Ye Qingyu yelled.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] immediately appeared and unleashed a matchless mist that glowed with Immortal light and this mist enveloped Song Xiaojun and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden whose cultivation had been sealed. As for Ye Qingyu, he held the [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand and slashed out with it. The sword will of the [Life Sword Mantra] burst forth and instantly destroyed the illusion of mountains disintegrating.

At the same time, his sword will did not diminish in power and immediately transformed into a long silver dragon that was several hundred kiometers long. This silver dragon growled like a starry giant dragon and pounced at the burly Martial Emperor with its mouth wide open, as though it was about to swallow him whole.

"Destroy!" the burly Martial Emperor yelled angrily and punched out his fists, smashing the long silver dragon into pieces.

Silver light scattered and he emerged unscathed from this attack.

However, he looked incredibly livid because it was obvious that his attack had been much weaker compared to Ye Qingyu's.

How could he accept this reality?

He had already been a Martial Emperor for a long time and had reached this stage much earlier than Ye Qingyu and yet, he had now lost to a young punk who had only been a Martial Emperor for a short while and this left him feeling completely humiliated. If he wanted to kill Ye Qingyu earlier because he did not like this young man, after they exchanged blows, he was more determined than ever to kill him.

"Come on," he bellowed.

The illusion appeared once more in the void.

"Stand back. I'll be the one to kill him."

He was completely enraged this time.

Many rocky planets appeared in space.

The cage that had been laid out earlier to trap Ye Qingyu within expanded in size under the control of the other two Martial Emperors. It quickly transformed into a huge ball-shaped cage with a radius of many thousands of kilometers and it was incredibly huge. They had to increase the size of this cage so that it could bear the brunt of the energy attacks of two Martial Emperors. Otherwise, Ye QIngyu might be able to use this energy to his advantage.

The rocky planet howled and ripped apart the skies as they hurtled straight at Ye Qingyu.

"Why did you have to get so angry? If we battle one-on-one, none of you will be my match. Your time in the spotlight has already passed... kill!" Ye Qingyu said.

Then, his figure swiftly expanded and he transformed into a giant that stood in space. The planets were like little balls that floated beside him and he looked like he could crush them at any moment. His [Blood Drinker Sword] had also transformed into a sword that could rip the heavens apart and as Ye Qingyu flicked his wrist, countless rays of sword will from his [Life Sword Mantra] exploded from his huge silver sword to transform into a long silver dragon that released a mighty growl. This time, the silver dragon was so large that its body covered the heavens and the sun and was at least several hundreds of thousands of kilometers long. It then opened its mouth to swallow the planets that rushed toward him one at a time.

The true Martial Emperor battle had begun at this moment.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

