Chapter 1357:


Chapter 1370 - Resurrection

The wedding concluded beautifully as the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains watched on.

The celebrations in the imperial city lasted for several months and the top-level experts from the various domains and planets rejoiced merrily for an entire year.

The bridal chamber was in the Light Palace within Light City, and naturally, no one dared to even attempt to eavesdrop on the proceedings.

One year later, the flower petals of the Heavenly Dao that scattered throughout the Heaven Wasteland Domain finally dissipated and everything reverted back to normal.

The palace released news that both empresses were expecting.

This news definitely captured the attention of the world.

After the two empires, the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Immortal Empire, had merged, there was no indication of who would be appointed the true emperor of the Immortal Empire. Imperial God Emperor Ye Qingyu was the spiritual leader and the godfather of the entire empire, but he rarely interfered in political affairs. The large empire functioned like clockwork thanks to the optical brain, [The Beginning], and many peerless geniuses like Lin Zheng to support the Imperial God Emperor. The empire was flourishing and many people guessed that the Imperial God Emperor might appoint one of his children to inherit the throne if he was not interested in assuming this position himself.

Now that both empresses were pregnant, whoever would bear the empire a son meant that their son would stand to inherit the throne.

As countless people speculated and hoped for the arrival of the royal children, Song Xiaojun went into labor first but she gave birth to a daughter. Ten days later, Yu Xiaoxing bore Ye Qingyu a son.

He now had a beautiful son and daughter.

Ye Qingyu stood on the steps of the divine temple at the fire tree woods of the Light City and held his children, looking content and happy.

Another year later, both children were growing well and also displayed signs of an incredible talent for cultivation.

Ye Qingyu did not announce the heir to the throne of the Immortal Empire.

He spent the next decade roaming every domain and planet with his wives and children. They saw many beautiful scenes and experienced the local cultures for themselves. They even left the Vast Thousand Star Domains and headed to the Blood Spear Star Domain, the Dark Purple Star Domain, the Underworld Star Domain, and so on. His daughter, Ye Sinan, and his son, Ye Tingyu, started to mature, and as they heard legends that mentioned their parents throughout the world, their admiration for Ye Qingyu grew even deeper and became ingrained in their bones.

After they ended their travels, Song Xiaojun and Yu Xiaoxing returned to the Heaven Wasteland Domain with their children while Ye Qingyu headed to various lands to meet his old friends.

He met Yan Buhui in what used to be known as the Snow Ground Demon Court in the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

They used to be rivals but they were now fast friends. Yan Buhui had not attended Ye Qingyu's wedding because Lu Heng was about to give birth then. Now, he was already the father of three children. He had refused to take up an official position and remained in seclusion in the dark valleys of the Snow Ground Demon Court. First Princess Yu Junqing was also living here together with his family. After so many years, she still chose to remain single, nor was she set on pursuing the martial way. She lived life on her own terms like a carefree heron, without any desires or wishes.

Lu Heng thought of Sister Yu Junhan, who had been as cold as an icy fairy, when she saw Ye Qingyu. Unfortunately, she had already disappeared and could no longer be found.

Ye Qingyu did not let Lu Heng know that Yu Junhan was merely a fictional character created by the Peerless War God and had already faded into nothingness some time ago.

After all, Yu Junhan had once played an important part in Lu Heng's life.

Then, Ye Qingyu went on to Matchless Blade City where he drank and chatted merrily with Qin Zhishui, his old friend. There weren't many people left in the world who would interact frankly and freely with him now that he was the Imperial God Emperor. But Qin Zhishui was one of the handful of people he could talk to.

After he left Matchless Blade City, Ye Qingyu went to Clear River Domain to meet up with the round-faced prince of the Demon Spider Race, Mo Jin.

The Demon Spider Race had grown to become one of the major races of the Clear River Domain, and Mo Jin had become the greatest clan leader of the Demon Spider Race. After a chat with Mo Jin, Ye Qingyu learned that the person who had secretly protected him during the battle of the Clear River Domain was none other than Song Xiaojun, and found out that the Demon Spider Race had a strange relationship with the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Several old acquaintances had already passed away in Flowing Light City.

Ye Qingyu visited the graves of his old acquaintances before he left.

He had not revealed himself when he visited the various domains and planets with his wives and children, but now, he took time to visit them one at a time.

Finally, he went to the Chaotic Ruins Domain and went to the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains, which had been reconstructed after the Divine Emperor's cronies had reduced it to a pile of rubble. Ren Puyang's memorial tablet could be found within the divine temple, so he knelt and mourned the passing of this great man. He had mastered the art of resurrection, but Ren Puyang's death was so long ago that there wasn't a single wisp of his soul left to be found. No matter how powerful he was, he was unable to bring him back to life.

There were some things in this world that would become his lifelong regrets.

After he visited all his old friends and acquaintances, Ye Qingyu went to look for the Ferryman of the Netherworld, and headed to the place of death.

A new and tiny World Tree had grown beside the Well of Life and Death more than two thousand years later. Its branches were full of leaves and it looked like a parasol tree. A phoenix nest had naturally grown on top of it, where there was a large phoenix egg nestled inside that gave off a warm glow. This was the start of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's rebirth.

Liu Shaji had taken less than a century to be reborn, so he had lost all his memories after he came back to life.

Ye Qingyu hoped that he would be able to truly resurrect the Celestial Phoenix Maiden this time, so he had spent a long time on this process. He had always been keeping an eye on the Celestial Phoenix Maiden over the past thousands of years, and finally, he sensed a familiar aura from the phoenix egg. He knew this because he had the blood of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden within him.

Ye Qingyu smiled as he waited at the place of death.

He sat under the tiny World Tree and looked calm and composed as he waited for the Celestial Phoenix Maiden to emerge.

No one knew how much time had passed before he finally heard a soft cracking noise from the phoenix nest.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden emerged from the egg completely naked and looked dazed. She had finally been reborn.

A misty fog swirled around her and she looked at her surroundings in surprise.

Ye Qingyu appeared in front of her.

"Are you... Brother Qingyu?" The Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who had looked a little dazed earlier, slowly started to come back to her senses and recognized him after a moment's hesitation. Her beautiful face broke into a happy smile and she instinctively rushed over and threw herself into his arms.

This was a revelation of her true feelings.

She quickly realized that something was wrong and let go of Ye Qingyu with a start. "Wasn't I... dead? Why..."

Ye Qingyu smiled tenderly at her, took out the clothes he had prepared beforehand, and wrapped them around her. "I told you once that even if the seas and the mountains fall, or the planets and stars move, I will find a way to revive you. And today, I've finally managed to fulfill my promises. Everything will start from the beginning... Let's go home."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1358:


Chapter 1371 - Father

The Phoenix Race rejoiced at the return of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden to their race.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden had always been the most outstanding talent of the Phoenix Race of all time, and the her people had always hoped that she would be able to revive the Phoenix Race. Unfortunately, she had perished while saving Ye Qingyu, and although this meant that Ye Qingyu was forever indebted to the Phoenix Race and he had always treated the Phoenix Race well all this time, the death of an outstanding prodigy would always be a huge blow to any race. That was because each prodigy carried the fortunes of the universe and often represented the fortunes of the entire race. Thus, the death of a prodigy was also the death of their fortunes.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden had finally returned to their fold.

The entire race rejoiced.

The elderly clan leader, who was also her father, was now getting old, but he was still an authoritative figure within the Phoenix Race. He was also known to be an iron-willed figure within the Immortal Empire, but now, he couldn't help crying tears of happiness as he welcomed his daughter home.

"Father..." the Celestial Phoenix Maiden said. Her memories were still intact so she could still recognize her father.

Two thousand years might have seemed very short to an expert from the Phoenix Race like the clan elder, since it was merely a few occasions spent in self-isolation, but it felt like ages to a father who had lost his precious daughter.

Ye Qingyu felt guilty and apologetic toward the Phoenix Race, and thus, he spent more than a month with the Phoenix Race.

He left one month later.

The Phoenix Race had also celebrated the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's homecoming for an entire month.

Her feelings toward him had not changed at all.

She was reluctant to part with Ye Qingyu, but she still chose to stay with the Phoenix Race. The past two thousand years were a complete blank to her, so she spent some time understanding the circumstances of her death and what happened in the Vast Thousand Star Domains during this period. Although the Phoenix Race tried to prevent her from finding out some things, she finally came to know that Ye Qingyu was already married.

She froze in shock when she heard this news, then she looked very desolate.

She could not conceal her disappointment and her expression was very heartbreaking.

She sat quietly alone under the parasol tree of her ancestral home and spent one entire afternoon there—the Phoenix Race had finally managed to find an intact divine parasol tree with Ye Qingyu's help more than one thousand years ago. However, this was the first time she had seen this tree.

"Sir, maybe... we shouldn't have told her the news," an elder said worriedly.

The clan elder of the Phoenix Race looked at his daughter, who sat under the parasol tree in the distance, and sighed. He shook his head and said, "We might be able to keep this from her for a while, but it is only a matter of time before she found out... Sigh, this all boils down to fate. If they are fated to meet but not fated to end up together, there's nothing we can do about it either."

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was the prodigy of the Phoenix Race and was also a peerless beauty. The blood of the ancient Phoenix God flowed in her veins, so she was extremely noble and proud. If she had fallen for anyone else, it would have been that person's honor. There were countless prodigies who wanted to take her as their wife, but they might not be worthy of her. If anyone else had caused his daughter such sorrow, this iron-willed man would have already gone ballistic. But since his daughter liked Ye Qingyu, a lofty sovereign who was more powerful than anyone had ever been, a person who was a living legend and miracle, the clan elder couldn't do anything about it no matter how much he doted on and wanted his daughter to live happily with the man of her choice.

He didn't have the power to force Ye Qingyu to marry his daughter even if he wanted to fulfil his daughter's wishes.

There were millions of words in the world but the word "love" was often the most lethal.

The elderly clan elder felt terrible as he watched his daughter's sad and lonely figure under the parasol tree, but he ultimately turned away and left.

He knew that no matter what he said or did to console her, nothing would work and it would only intensify her pain.

He had also been young once and had also experienced heartbreak.

He sighed as he left the ancient parasol tree and returned to Phoenix City. The moment he arrived, he received word from an elder that the Imperial God Emperor's oldest disciple, Bai Yuanxing, and his other disciple, Tian Ning, had led a group to Phoenix City and were asking for an audience outside the hall.

"They're here? Quick, invite them in," the elderly clan elder said. He didn't dare to keep them waiting.

Bai Yuanxing was now one of the most powerful people in the world and he had already become a Martial Emperor several centuries ago. As the oldest disciple of the Imperial God Emperor, he enjoyed a noble and lofty status. He was also known for being an upright hero and was highly regarded and well-respected within the empire. Although Tian Ning had yet to attain Martial Emperor cultivation, he was one of the most powerful figures within the empire and had a bright future ahead of him.

These two people would be warmly welcomed by any mighty Emperor or sect leader within the Vast Thousand Star Domains based on the fact that they were the Imperial God Emperor's personal disciples alone.

Soon after, Bai Yuanxing and Tian Ning were ushered into the hall and received personally by the elderly clan elder.

The Phoenix Race received them with the highest honor.

"It is my pleasure to welcome you to the Phoenix Race," the elderly clan elder said with a smile.

Bai Yuanxing's vision had already been restored but he was used to moving around with his eyes closed and would not open his eyes under any circumstance. It was rumored that Bai Yuanxing was cultivating the closed-eye meditation technique and used this technique to seal his cultivation to prevent the frightening energy waves within him from harming others. It was said that once Bai Yuanxing opened his eyes, his strength would be so terrifying that the Imperial God Emperor would be the only person who could control him.

"You're welcome," Bai Yuanxing said with his eyes closed and smiled.

"Greetings, clan elder," Tian Ning said as he bowed at the elderly clan elder. He looked very young, as though he was merely a seventeen- or eighteen-year-old boy. However, everyone knew that the descendant of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was already a ninth-level peak Quasi-emperor.

"Uh... Lord Tian Ning, please don't stand on ceremony." The elderly clan elder was surprised and quickly bowed in return.

He was the head of the Phoenix Race, but Tian Ning ranked higher than him because he was the personal disciple of the Imperial God Emperor. It didn't seem right for Tian Ning to greet him so formally.

The rest of the elders of the Phoenix Race were also shocked.

What was happening here?

Bai Yuanxing said, "We're here on behalf of our master to seek a marriage alliance."

"A marriage alliance?" the elderly clan elder repeated in shock.

Bai Yuanxing's eyes were still closed but he could still sense everything that was happening around him keenly. In fact, his senses were keener with his eyes closed than with his eyes opened. "Yes, our master has fallen for your daughter and is seeking her hand in marriage..." he continued politely.

The elderly clan elder had no idea what Bai Yuanxing said next because his mind went blank and he was overcome with happiness. When he thought that there was no way to help his daughter, another path had opened. He had assumed that his daughter would be heartbroken for eternity, and this made him feel even worse because there was nothing he could do to help her. However, before he knew it, that legendary figure had come to seek her hand in marriage.

Uh... did this mean that his daughter's wish had come true?

The elderly clan elder, who was usually calm and composed, was now so excited that he felt like jumping in joy.

He felt as though he was hearing things and only relaxed after getting Bai Yuanxing's repeated assurances.

He could guess how excited his daughter would be when she heard this news.

The elderly clan elder was extremely excited.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1359:


Chapter 1372 - Clues Pointing to Hu Bugui's Whereabouts

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden sat alone sorrowfully under the parasol tree.

A chilly breeze blew past and caused the leaves on the tree to rustle loudly, giving off a melancholic vibe.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden sat quietly under the parasol tree like a dry twig. Her face was calm as she thought back to how she had carried the hopes of her race on her shoulders the moment she was born. Although she was a prodigious woman known throughout the Vast Thousand Domains, she was the only person who knew how heavy her burden was and how much she had suffered. This was why she had always looked so cold and kept everyone at bay like an icy fairy who had chosen to lock herself up.

She had met Ye Qingyu in the 17th district of the Black Demon Abyss, in the Taowu Mountain Ridge, and this had changed her life.

She had initially been looking for someone to explore the 18th district together with, but before she knew it, she had fallen for this unknown young man and had been moved by how he almost sacrificed himself to protect her under the parasol tree.

She had always been so cold and haughty that she would have never imagined that she could fall for a man, much less fall so deeply for him.

Someone once said that the colder a woman was, the more intense her love would be once she did fall in love.

Perhaps that person had been right.

As time passed, the Vast Thousand Domains welcomed a flourishing age and the Phoenix Race chose to tread on an extremely risky path in order to fulfill their race's mandate. The Celestial Phoenix Maiden could still remember bidding farewell to Ye Qingyu at Ren Puyang's office in the Human Race's divine temple at the Alliance of Domains. She had assumed that this would be their last meeting because she didn't know if she would be able to come back alive after heading into battle. All her love, reluctance to part, and yearning for him had manifested themselves during the ten minutes in which she had taken the initiative to meet him.

She didn't think that she would see him again during the battle of the Dark Realm.

They stood on opposing sides the next time they met.

When she was forced to make the difficult choice between the fate of her race or her beloved, she ultimately ended up choosing him.

She had assumed that death was a form of release.

She didn't expect to come back to life two thousand years later, and although she felt happy to know that her race was flourishing and had broken free of their bondage, the fact that she had to deal with a completely different time and world and had to face the fact that her beloved was now wedded to someone else made her feel completely hopeless.

She started to contemplate the meaning of life as she sat under the parasol tree.

She had once been the prodigy of her race and her race had placed all their hopes of breaking free from the dark forces on her shoulders. This had been her mandate during the first half of her life, but after she met Ye Qingyu, she finally found some meaning in life other than the burden of the Phoenix Race that rested on her shoulders. However, her meaning in life had now been taken away from her.

What is the point of living?
she wondered.

She didn't intend to kill herself, but this was a period of introspection and self-reflection.

Then, someone slowly approached her from behind.

"Father..." she said with a small smile. "I'm fine. You shouldn't worry about me and there's no need for you to comfort me either. It has been so many years and I'm not as weak..."

The elderly clan elder stroked his daughter's hair tenderly and said with a smile, "Silly girl, there's no need to try to put on a strong front. He has come to seek your hand in marriage."

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden trembled in shock.

"The Imperial God Emperor's eldest disciple, Bai Yuanxing, and his disciple, Tian Ning, visited Phoenix City today and asked for your hand in marriage on his behalf. I'd like to consult you on this matter," the elderly clan elder said with a smile. "My precious girl, you did not fall for the wrong man. The Imperial God Emperor is not an ungrateful man and has repaid your love in kind. I'm so happy for you. Alright, stop moping under this tree and go home. Since my precious girl is about to get married, I'll naturally have to make sure that the wedding will be a grand occasion. Hahaha!"

The elderly clan elder chuckled loudly from the bottom of his heart.

Everyone who heard this news knew that the Phoenix Race's status would be wildly elevated once the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was wedded to the Imperial God Emperor. They could use the Unmoving City of Darkness and the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce as a basis for comparison. No one throughout the entire Immortal Empire and even the alliance of forces across several major star domains dared to offend these two superpowers. The Qingluo Chamber of Commerce had already expanded to the Underworld Star Domain, the Blood Spear Star Domain, the Dark Purple Star Domain, and other star domains to become a matchless titan in the world of commerce. Once someone from the Phoenix Race became a consort of the Imperial God Emperor, this meant that the Phoenix Race would be as powerful as the other two superpowers. The Phoenix Race's history and resources were even richer than the other two superpowers, but to the clan elder, the only reason why he was rejoicing was that his precious daughter had finally found happiness.

When he thought back to the past, he felt that he owed his daughter so much.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden finally rose and stomped her feet as her father laughed happily next to her. "Hmph, I didn't say that I'd marry him. He already has two wives..." she said.

...

A year later, Ye Qingyu and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden were married in Phoenix City.

This wasn't as highly publicized as his first wedding, but it was still a very grand wedding.

The Immortal Empire went into an uproar when the news that the Imperial God Emperor was about to marry the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was made public a year ago. This was the Imperial God Emperor's third wife, and it was likely that this would also be the final consort he would be taking. Their love story started to spread amongst the people, and more people were now aware of the sacrifices and contributions she had made to this world.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was a hot topic throughout the entire empire.

Many people were moved by her love for Ye Qingyu and her contributions to this world.

This matchless beauty was indeed a compatible match for the Imperial God Emperor.

Those who had some misgivings about this match initially had changed their tune and now supported this match.

There were some who were envious of the Phoenix Race because this marriage alliance would also signify the rise of another titan. Everyone knew that the Imperial God Emperor was firm and decisive when it came to his enemies but was extremely protective of his loved ones and was famous for doting on his wives. It was just a matter of time before the Phoenix Race's stock and status skyrocketed.

The wedding was held as scheduled.

However, most people were surprised to see Yu Xiaoxing and Song Xiaojun present at the wedding.

After the wedding, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden remained in Phoenix City and did not return with the others to the Light City in the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Time passed and another year flew by.

During this time, Ye Qingyu went to the star domains of the King of Destruction, the Abandoned Fiendgod, and the Wisp God of Consciousness to gain a better understanding of their world and to groom successors. These three large star domains gradually started to be part of the Immortal Empire and this led to the gradual birth of an unprecedented and large Alliance of star domains.

While he roamed the universe, he never stopped searching for Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi, but he still failed to find any clues.

However, Liu Shaji paid him a visit not long after his return to the Vast Thousand Star Domains and said excitedly, "I've found a clue. I've found clues that might lead to Hu Bugui and the others..."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1360:


Chapter 1373 - The Lost Ancient City of Chaos

Ye Qingyu was greatly surprised to hear that.

He searched through all the major star systems but could not find any trace of Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi. How did Liu Shaji manage to gather any leads on them?

"Both Brother Hu Bugui and Brother Nan Tieyi went missing in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. The hall was built by the Martial Chaos Demon Emperor of Vast Thousand Star Domains. Later on, it was used by one of the Divine Light Emperor's reincarnations as an opportunity to spread his martial philosophy. In this aspect, even if they were drawn away by some enchantment or power in the hall, they should still be within the Vast Thousand Star Domains. This is because both the Chaos Demon and Divine Light Emperor are from our star system. Most likely, they didn't possess the power to leave the Vast Thousand Star Domains during their peaks," Liu Shaji said.

Ye Qingyu's eyes gleamed as he listened and nodded thoughtfully.

This method of reasoning was extremely persuasive.

Liu Shaji continued, "Based on this theory, I could funnel my search in a certain direction. If Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi are still in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, logically speaking, you should be able to sense their presence, Your Majesty. Even if they're in a restricted or forbidden zone, it'll still be hard for them to evade your search. However, why have you been unable to find traces of them? I guess that they're probably in an extremely isolated location within the Vast Thousand Star Domains, or somewhere that's not known to anyone. Only areas like that can possibly be blocked from your sensory abilities. Of course, my own abilities are not at your level, Your Majesty. These are my assumptions."

"You're very right," Ye Qingyu replied. His thoughts had gradually become clearer after listening to Liu Shaji.

Liu Shaji continued explaining, "From what I see, a lost place that cannot be sensed by you, Your Majesty, should not be completely obscure. At the very least, they should have been extremely famous in the Vast Thousand Star Domains once, or perhaps there was some corresponding record of them. I've been browsing through old texts in ancient places of the major star systems and eventually locked onto a target. Seems to me like the most possible place where they could be is the second city of the legendary Twenty-four Cities of Chaos."

Ye Qingyu felt emotional as he heard this.

"Right. Why didn't I think of that before?"

The Alliance of Domains once ruled the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains. Legend had it that there were a total of Twenty-four Cities of Chaos, not only one like in later times. Of these Twenty-four, three of them vanished from the face of the world for some reason. It was said that they were lost in the flow of space-time, and the Unmoving City of Darkness was later proven to be one of them. No one knew where the other two lost cities were.

When the Sky Emperor's syndicate attacked the Alliance of Domains' divine temple, it destroyed many secret ancient texts within. As such, many ancient secrets and legends of the era when Ye Qingyu reigned supreme were lost over the course of two millennia. The two lost cities had also been forgotten and no one could find any leads on them.

For a while, Ye Qingyu had once been interested in both lost ancient cities.

However, he could not sense their presence.

Later on, as he became preoccupied with more mundane matters, he had no spare time left to investigate further on the cities.

Now that he thought about it, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that Liu Shaji's logic was really very good.

Ye Qingyu could not sense the two lost ancient Cities of Chaos at all. If Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi were trapped in them, it was only natural that he would be unable to sense their presence... This could be the only possible explanation because Ye Qingyu found it impossible to believe that both of them could be in a place beyond the Alliance of Star Domains under the Imperial God Empire's control, and there was no way they could have traveled out of the alliance's boundaries.

Why did he not think about this before?

Ye Qingyu felt a little guilty.

He felt that he had believed too much in his own abilities all this time, and he had been overconfident. He believed that nothing in the Vast Thousand Domains could escape from his sensory abilities and had thus fallen into the wrong line of thought. It led him to believe that both Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui could not be in the Vast Thousand Star Domains and focused on finding them in other star systems that were once connected to the Vast Thousand Star Domains, like the Blood Spear, Ghostly Purple, and Destructive Star Domains. He believed that the emergence of the Fiendgod Sovereigns caused these star systems to somehow be connected to the Vast Thousand Star Domains. As such, both of them could have entered a gap within space-time by mistake into other domains.

It could be considered that he had been somewhat unthoughtful.

In comparison, Liu Shaji had paid more attention to the matter.

To him, who had just regained part of his memories, perhaps locating his two stranded and missing brothers was the only thing that could make his life whole and meaningful again.

"Brother Liu Shaji, the leads you're talking about refer to..." Ye Qingyu asked.

Obviously, Liu Shaji had most likely discovered some more promising leads. He would not have come looking for Ye Qingyu after just making some guesses.

"Please look, Your Majesty," Liu Shaji said as he took out a palm-sized grey tile.

Upon seeing it, Ye Qingyu's heart trembled greatly.

"It's Hu Bugui's Emperor Weapon-level tile... No, it's not entirely similar, but it's definitely made of the same material." Ye Qingyu's eyes were incredibly discerning and could tell with a single glance that the tile was similar to Hu Bugui's. They were shards of the same Emperor Weapon that was once whole. However, the Emperor qi on this tile was so weak that it was nearly indiscernible. Without close observation, one would completely be unable to detect it.

"I found this in the rubble of an old city belonging to the Alliance of Domains. Legend has it that it was one of the two lost cities, and I asked some elders to observe and analyze it before coming to the probable conclusion that this tile from an Emperor-level weapon originated from a lost ancient city," Liu Shaji said. "This helps explain some of our problems. Brother Hu Bugui had a tile like this which was inscribed with real Emperor formations. Both shards should have come from a lost City of Chaos. I believe that it's very possible something happened in the Chaos Demon Emperor's Reincarnation Hall. This is because Brother Hu Bugui's tile caused him to be summoned back to the ancient city."

He looked at Ye Qingyu after speaking.

He had spent the past few years traveling far and wide, eating and living off the land and sleeping under the stars. This was all the information he had managed to get.

To prove his deductions were correct, he could only rely on Ye Qingyu next.

Ye Qingyu received the tile. Strange ancient formation words appeared on his palm as he channeled his Light Emperor Detection Technique. Mysterious magical power circled around the tile, and he determined the location of the lost ancient City of Chaos with it. With a physical object as a medium, the technique was able to determine anything.

After a moment, an expression of joy appeared on Ye Qingyu's face.

"So, this is it. I think I found the answer... Brother Liu Shaji, we'll set off immediately to the lost ancient City of Chaos."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

