Chapter 969:


Chapter 985 - Heavenly River and the Orchid Saintess


For a time, both Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui could not figure it out.

Could the Apocalyptic Demon sect master’s strength really have skyrocketed?

But surely that would be a little too far-fetched.

Aware that his own cultivation had grown at an unreal speed, Ye Qingyu concluded that if the Apocalyptic Demon sect master was indeed the assailant, it would mean that the latter’s cultivation had grown way faster than his, and this would probably mean that the latter had gained some kind of extraordinary opportunity.

After all, the hundreds of corpses ahead which had been slain by the same sword qi were all Saint-level experts from various large races…

The duo remained silent for some time.

“The assailant has already left. Let’s go too, we’re just wasting time by remaining here.” Hu Bugui was badly discomforted by the scene of flesh and blood in the main hall, for everyone who had died here was higher in cultivation than him.

Ye Qingyu nodded. “Let’s go...” But just then, remembering something, he suddenly paused his footsteps and swept a glance across the more than four hundred corpses, his heart giving a jolt. After a brief hesitation, he opened his palm and summoned the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill]. As he worked up sword will, the Sword Pill turned into several hundred beams of incomparably-piercing red light that poured forth and radiated toward the corpses on the ground.

Whenever a corpse was streaked across by a beam of red light, it would be burned into ashes and disperse.

In only several breaths’ worth of time, the hundreds of bodies of Saint realm experts in the main hall of the Three Mountains Pavilion had been swept past by the bright-red sword will, turning into ashes and disappearing. The essence and flesh in their bodies were completely absorbed by the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] and were gathered into a massive bundle of energy within.

At present, the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] was a mix of blackish red and verdant green, bright and smooth to the maximum.

If released in one blow, the power contained within would be sufficient to kill an ordinary Great Saint.

“The dead have gone. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.” Ye Qingyu kept the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] and sighed inwardly.

As they say, life is but an empty dream.

These Saint experts were powerful and prestigious during their lifetimes, but unfortunately for them, they would die in a fight in the most hideous of ways. As time passed, the power contained within their bodies would have inevitably dissipated into the universe. Hence, by absorbing their power and turning them to ashes, Ye Qingyu had prevented them from the humiliation of becoming maggot food.

The main hall, which was piled full of bodies, became empty and spacious at once.

After the hundreds of corpses had been turned into ashes, all that was left lying silently on the ground were the tattered clothes and armor as well as the frosty and dull weapons.

Ye Qingyu stood on the spot as he swept a glance across the weapons strewn across the ground.

Although a portion of these weapons had been damaged during the battle and thus lost their might, there was also a portion which remained intact. Besides, even those damaged ones were made using extremely precious treasures and rare materials. As for the small portion of intact weapons, they could be used to expand the arsenal of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and could be given as reward to suitable experts of the empire in the future.

Rather than leaving these weapons here to endure the corrosion and chaos of time and thereby grow rusty and dull, it was better to put them to use. After he had thought things through, Ye Qingyu collected all of the now-ownerless weapons on the ground.

“Let’s go.” After he was done, he turned his head and called out.

To one side, Hu Bugui twitched his lips and came over, grinning. “I say, brother, you’re truly an opportunist. The way you collect treasures is even more relentless than that of a chief bandit like me!”

Ye Qingyu blushed with shame a little.

Having spent a considerable amount of time with the two bandits that were the silly dog and Hu Bugui, he had unknowingly been taken by their bad habits.

While talking to each other, the duo together arrived in the transit space at the back of the Three Mountains Palace.

This transit space was similar to that of the [Seven Elements Relief Palace] and [Tusita Palace], albeit there were only two forked tunnels this time.

Under the secret guidance of the million-year-old soul, Ye Qingyu swiftly chose to enter the tunnel on the right.

After proceeding along for half an hour, the end was still not in sight.

This tunnel was much longer than the previous ones.

“I’ve sensed the presence of the Immortal Body. It’s indeed here in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor,” the million-year-old soul’s voice rang out in a tone of pleasant surprise.

“Wonderful,” Ye Qingyu transmitted back, “Where is it? Do we have to turn back?”

“No, continue advancing forward.” The million-year-old soul’s voice was utmost certain.

The two humans and one dog continued to advance.

After two hours, they still had not reached the end of the tunnel.

At this time, Little Nine finally regained its ability to walk.

It could finally also straighten its tongue and speak up. “My pill… give me my medicinal pill, quick.” Still thinking about the divine pill which rightfully belonged to it, the first thing it said was to ask for its precious treasure.

Without even looking at it, Ye Qingyu said, “I’ll give it back to you when we’ve gotten out of the Reincarnation Hall.”

“Human, surely you aren’t thinking about keeping it for yourself?” The little rascal stared suspiciously at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu decided to ignore it.

“By the way, the Deathlike Pill tasted pretty good and just like roasted peas. It’s a pity its side effects are too strong. I still don’t know what effects it has other than feigning death.” The silly dog appeared deep in afterthought as the fur all over its body became increasingly shiny and smooth. “Zeze, it’s kinda filling as well. I haven’t felt so satiated, and in fact a little bloated, for a long time.”

Ye Qingyu's heart jolted when he heard this.

This rice-bucket of a dog, which used to still feel hungry even after it had eaten a mountain of meat, is actually full at this time? Could one of the Deathlike Pills’ effects be… uh, to fill one’s stomach?

This is too far-fetched.

The buffoonery of the silly dog helped time to pass rapidly.

Another two hours later.

The end of the tunnel was indistinctly approaching.

“Be careful, the Heavenly River is ahead. There should be many people by the riverside waiting for a ferry,” the million-year-old soul’s voice rang out.

Heavenly River?

What’s that?

Ye Qingyu was puzzled as the end of the tunnel drew near.

A black beach came into sight.

The million-year-old soul’s prediction was not wrong, for there were indeed countless figures standing on the black beach, appearing as if they were waiting for something. They were all powerful experts of various races, gathered in groups of two or three which were extremely vigilant against one another. A smell of blood pervaded the air while there were a considerable number of bodies strewn on the beach. These bodies had apparently not been dead for long, as evident from the pools of bloody mud caused by flesh blood soaking into the sand...

When the two men walked out from the tunnel, they immediately attracted the notice of many experts who turned their heads back to look.

Countless eye beams of various expressions swept back and forth across the duo unbridledly, but after discovering that the duo only had ordinary Saint realm cultivation, most of the experts unturned their heads and stared fixedly at a black river in the distance as if they were waiting for something, paying no further attention to the duo. There were a few, however, who laughed grimly as they carefully sized up the duo with hostile eyes.

Ye Qingyu, too, ignored these people.

His gaze swept across these people and fell upon the black river at the far end of the black beach.

The river was approximately a kilometer wide, resembling a pitch-black spatial rift which traversed from east to west and divided the entire stretch of black beach into two. The surface of the river was like a shiny mirror and the waves on it were mild. At first glance, there seemed to be nothing strange about it, but a closer look would lead one to discover that the river water flowed in from the eastern Void and out into the western Void by passing through this more than a thousand square meters of black beach, forming the very picture of a river flowing through the heavens.

He now understood what was going on.

This was the Heavenly River which the million-year-old soul had mentioned.

There were several thousand people stranded on the north shore of Heavenly River. Although the black river was only a kilometer wide, it served as a divine moat which all these experts were unable to cross. Seeing the looks of impatience and helplessness on the experts’ faces, Ye Qingyu realized that there was certainly something odd about Heavenly River, or otherwise such a scene would not have transpired.

He and Hu Bugui walked toward Heavenly River.

They were stopped by several figures after walking just a few steps.

“Humans?” The figures were led by an eagle-headed, human-bodied expert who was dressed in black battle armor and gave off a fierce aura. He looked with knife-sharp eyes at the duo, saying, “To think that a half-step Saint and a lower Saint would be lucky enough to reach the shore of Heavenly River. You must’ve picked up quite a few treasures along the way, eh?”

Beside him were six similarly eagle-headed, human-bodied foreign race experts who arched their postures to obstruct the duo’s advance. There were another four of them who had covertly gone around the back to cut off the duo’s retreat. As such, the duo had been subtly surrounded.

The experts in the distance who saw what was going on seemed as if they had been inured to such a scene.

A foreign race expert even said angrily, “Dammit, we waited so long for two Human Race cretins to arrive, only for the Eaglehead Race to be a step faster...”

“Forget it, let’s wait for the next wave of cretins. Anyway, these two humans are too weak and don’t seem to have any good stuff on them,” another expert said.

Many experts watched the commotion from the sidelines.

Among the crowd on the black beach in the distance, a masked figure whose entire body was wrapped in a black woolen cape turned his head toward this direction and took a glance, with a hint of a strange expression circulating in his eyes. However, he did not take any subsequent action. Beside him was a huge empty space which was caused by the fact that the other figures dared not get close to him and avoided him like the plague. Lying on the beach by his feet were a dozen or so foreign race experts who had only just died, as evident from the fresh blood flowing from them.

“You all…are going a bit too far,” a voice sounded.

It belonged to a middle-aged female human Saint who could not refrain from speaking up upon seeing the perilous situation which the duo had fallen into. Beside her were a dozen or so Human Race experts who were all faintly wounded, apparently because they had relied on huddling together in numbers to keep a foothold on the black beach. Had they not done so, their circumstances would probably have become extremely dire too.

The weakness of the Human Race had been completely shown up during this scramble for opportunities in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

“Hoho, Orchid Saintess, you can barely even save yourself, yet you still dare to stick up for others.” The eagle-headed, human-bodied foreign race expert laughed grimly, a cruel and dark glimmer like that of a hawk flickering in his eyes. “I advise you not to be a busybody, otherwise, heh heh...”

A few other experts guffawed as well.

This worried several experts beside Orchid Saintess.

“Orchid, keep your mouth shut.”

“Words will invite trouble.”

“That’s right, we have to keep ourselves safe.” A fairly handsome middle-aged human Saint hurriedly reached out a hand to tug Orchid Saintess. “Orchid, don’t concern yourself with them anymore or you’ll bring trouble onto yourself. These two younger-generation humans have courted their own deaths by coming here without being strong enough. These kinds of idiots who don’t know their limits deserve to die.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 970:


Chapter 986 – He’s Ye Qingyu


“But...” Orchid Saintess still could not bear to see this situation.

Along the way, she had seen countless human brethren being slaughtered, and this deeply angered her. Given the unfavorable circumstances of the Human Race, it would only make sense for them to become more united than before so as to get through this ordeal.

“Don’t be a busybody.” The handsome middle-aged human Saint spoke up once more and intended to hold back Orchid Saintess.

The latter composedly evaded the outstretching hand of the former, then sighed before shouting toward Ye Qingyu and the others, “My two young brothers over there, you mustn’t be stubborn in this kind of situation. It’s best if you turn in any valuable items you’ve found along the way. As the saying goes, one has no need to worry about firewood as long as the green hills remain. Don’t try to play tough.”

This was all she could do.

However, her words were met with grumbles and rebukes from several of her companions.

“Orchid, you talk too much.”

“If you continue to be a busybody, then leave. We can’t protect you.”

“That’s right, one should act according to one’s ability.”

Several human Saints who were led by the handsome middle-aged man revealed faces of some displeasure as they grew afraid of the possibility of trouble. They had painstakingly pulled together to come to the shore of the Heavenly River, and thus they deemed it a huge loss should this small matter incite the hostile and covetous foreign race experts to strike at them.

Orchid Saintess lowered her head and sighed secretly.

In the distance.

“Haha, this is the Human Race for you.” The eagle-headed, human-bodied Saint guffawed as he looked jestingly at Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui. “Doesn’t it anger you that even the people of your own race have abandoned you? Zeze, this is the plight of the weak. We’ll let you walk away alive if you hand in your treasures and cut off an arm each.”

Insidiously affected by the pervasive, chaotic, and demonic cruel qi, aroused by the treasures in the various divine palaces linked together by the forked tunnels, and enveloped by the tumultuous and slaughterous aura, the Saint experts in the Reincarnation Hall who usually held themselves aloft were now behaving like thieves in troubled times, brazenly using force and coercion in this sort of environment.

Ye Qingyu, too, began to laugh.

“You want my arm? Not until you give me your life."

As soon as he spoke.

A beam of bright-red sword will flowing light flashed fleetingly.

The stroke was simply way too fast such that the leader of the eagle-headed, human-bodied Saint experts was slashed by it even before the smile on his face had frozen and he had made any reaction. Like a rotten log engulfed by divine flames, his body instantly turned into ashes and dispersed with the wind, disappearing among the universe. During that moment of dazzling brilliance, shooting stars streaked across the sky.

In a flash, the red radiance returned to Ye Qingyu's palm.

It was the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

“The plight of the weak?” Ye Qingyu looked at the other eagle-headed, human-bodied experts with chilly eyes. “The true plight of the weak is that they don’t know who the truly weak are.”

“How… how dare you? You...” Shocked and furious, one of the experts raised a hand and pointed at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu could not be bothered to reply.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] in his hand burst out a splendor before he worked up the Divine Emperor sword will and, in a flash, formed dozens of phantoms which looked just like him in the Void. As the blood-red sword will in his hand flickered indistinctly, the crowd of eagle-headed, human-bodied experts felt their vision blurring. Before they could react, those phantoms crossed over all of them and fused into a single person.

White robes, black hair, and a blood-red sword.

In the same manner as their former leader, these experts simultaneously turned into ashes and dispersed. This was a sight which came close to the deadly beauty of the blooming of dozens of Bloodflame Devil Flowers.

Given Ye Qingyu's present strength, he was not disadvantaged when facing Great Saints and was undefeatable by anyone below a Great Saint.

Moreover, he had summoned the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] this time, ensuring a speedy end to the battle. He then devoured and absorbed the yuan qi essence from these experts in his continued quest to store energy in the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

The entire process happened all too quickly, such that everything had ended by the time the other people reacted. The outcome naturally left many people in astonishment.

The eagle-headed, human-bodied race held immense power among the Vast Thousand Domains and was said to have produced a Quasi-emperor before. Backed up by a solid foundation, it had all along behaved with great prominence, arrogance, and power. Therefore, that it had been instantly mowed down by this white-robed young human left several foreign race experts dumbstruck.

Orchid Saintess, too, widened her eyes in astonishment when she saw this scene.

Just a while ago, she had, out of good intentions, provided a warning to these two younger-generation humans, for fear that they would be killed as a result of their foolhardy behavior. She had not expected that this white-robed young man would be so powerful, for when ever had the Human Race produced such an amazing and peerless talent? Could it be…

The name of the young human talent who had rocked the Road of Chaos in recent times involuntarily popped up in her mind. Beside her, the Human Race experts who were led by the handsome middle-aged Saint were also astonished like never before. Their expressions became a little embarrassed when they recalled what they said earlier.

The black-robed, hooded, and masked figure among the crowd by the Heavenly River also uttered a low cry, apparently also surprised by what had transpired. Although the glimmer in his eyes began to scorch, he eventually stopped looking at the scene and instead turned to gaze at the mirror-like surface of the Heavenly River as if waiting for something.

After mercilessly slaying the experts of the eagle-headed, human-bodied race, Ye Qingyu walked toward the edge of the Heavenly River together with Hu Bugui.

Countless pairs of eyes turned toward him again.

The earlier battle had made many foreign race experts realize that these two humans were no kindly beings, hence they could not help becoming vigilant.

“Hmph, what a flex it was to kill just because of a few disagreeable words,” a voice sounded from the side.

Pausing his footsteps, Ye Qingyu turned his head to look over.

The voice came from a Feather Race expert with an indigo-blue face and cultivation which was around the pinnacle of the Saint realm. He wore a sneer on his face as he looked at Ye Qingyu with eager eyes. It was the same Saint who had made the remark about regretting not being the first to act against the duo when they were being obstructed by the eagle-headed, human-bodied experts, and who had called the duo cretins.

“What did you say?” Ye Qingyu's gaze was sharp and extremely powerful.

“I said that you, human cretin, made a great flex by killing and sparing none almost as soon as you arrived. Is it because you look down on us Saints?” The Feather Race expert replied in a ghastly tone.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

A bad premonition abruptly arose in the indigo-blue-faced expert’s mind.

However, before he could react, his vision blurred as Ye Qingyu's figure flashed and the Divine Emperor sword will reemerged. Human and sword eerily fused into one before sweeping past him in an interlocking fashion.

“You...” His figure froze.

Without turning his head back, Ye Qingyu took step after step toward the edge of the Heavenly River.

“You’re wrong. The only person I look down on is you.”

Ye Qingyu's voice sounded like a judgement.

Boom!

A bright-red splendor flickered like flames and flowing light.

The figure of the Feather Race expert turned into sparks and dissipated.

Even until his death, he did not expect that an expert of this level would appear among the Human Race, which he had believed to be a bunch of cretins who could be chopped into pieces at any time. Despite his pinnacle Saint realm strength and cultivation, he was killed even before he had summoned his divine life weapon.

Ye Qingyu's footsteps were very light.

There was silence all around.

This time, nobody else dared to provoke him.

If the deaths of dozens of eagle-headed, human-bodied race experts were not convincing enough, then the instantaneous death of this Feather Race pinnacle Saint should be sufficient to prove how terrifying this white-robed young human was. After all, for him to kill a pinnacle Saint at such speed probably meant that he was a Great Saint.

Ye Qingyu walked to the riverside.

Regardless of their race, every expert whom he passed by would turn their bodies and move away from him, afraid of blocking his way. The swift killing methods he had displayed had awed every foreign race expert such that nobody dared to look him in the eye anymore. When they saw his gaze sweeping toward them, they would hurriedly lower their heads in an unnatural fashion.

When a few Human Race experts saw what was going on, they could not help feeling uplifted and somewhat elated.

However, recalling that they did not take action and even dissuaded one another from doing anything when Ye Qingyu was surrounded, they concurrently felt ashamed and embarrassed as they walked forth to strike up a conversation with and cotton up to him.

He paid no attention to them.

However, when walking past Orchid Saintess, he paused his footsteps, turned his head, and offered a faint smile, saying, “Senior, thank you for speaking up earlier.”

Also rather embarrassed, she replied, “Actually, I didn’t help, I...”

Ye Qingyu cut her short. “No matter the case, it’s always touching to see someone rendering timely assistance. I owe you a favor, Senior.”

Stunned, she did not know what to say next.

The present Ye Qingyu was completely different from the killing maniac of earlier.

“Haha, young brother, you’re certainly really strong.” Wearing a smile on his face, the handsome middle-aged human Saint walked over and greeted Ye Qingyu. “I, the Thousand Illusion Elder of the Water Moon Domain, had never thought that I’d ever see a Heaven’s prideling like you emerging among the Human Race. This is reassuring to me, haha. These people are also human Saints. For us to meet here can be considered predestined, so perhaps we could join forces...”

Unexpectedly, however, Ye Qingyu did not even look at him.

The smile on the Thousand Illusion Elder’s face froze.

“What are you? How are you fit to join forces with me?”

Laughing grimly, Ye Qingyu turned and left together with Hu Bugui, soon reaching the riverside.

“You...” The Thousand Illusion Elder gnashed his teeth as he gazed at Ye Qingyu's back. He had felt grossly humiliated but, having seen how the Feather Race pinnacle Saint was killed as a result of saying one word too many, dared not say a further word, afraid of provoking this devilish youth.

By this time, some among the foreign race experts standing by the side finally came to their senses.

“Aha, I know who he is already,” one of them exclaimed as if he suddenly saw the light.

“Who is he?”

“He’s Ye Qingyu!”

“Ye Qingyu?”

“So it’s him!”

“Ye Qingyu, the [Ice Sword Killing God] and third deputy of the Human Race?”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 971:


Chapter 987 The Netherworld Ferryboat


Over the past half a year and more, the name Ye Qingyu had gained immense prestige and resounded throughout the Road of Chaos.

As the political and economic center of the Vast Thousand Domains, the Chaotic Ruins Domain was naturally the focus of various large domains’ attention. Any matter, big or small, which occurred along the Road of Chaos would spread to every domain at the fastest speed possible. Hence, for a period of time, the name Ye Qingyu had also spread frantically throughout the domains of all sizes among the Vast Thousand Domains. No matter whether the powers-that-be in each domain were astonished, disdainful, unconvinced, or otherwise, it could not be denied that the name [Ice Sword Killing God] had become significantly well-known. This was why it was inevitable that a few fast-thinking experts among those on the black beach would figure out Ye Qingyu's true identity.

As whispered discussions took place among the crowd, some of those who still did not recognize him, including a few old creatures who had not had any news sources for a long time, began to understand the origin of this young human.

For a time, there was awe in many of the eyes looking at Ye Qingyu.

If, before seeing the [Ice Sword Killing God] in person, many experts were unconvinced by his impressive battle achievements and privately believed it all to be groundless tales because a tiny and newborn domain could not have produced such an amazing talent, then all these suspicions disappeared in a flash at this time.

To instantly kill a pinnacle Saint and still have energy to spare – what could such a cultivation be if not gifted?

The three incredible and soul-capturing sword strokes from earlier had proven everything.

Deep in regret, the expression on the Thousand Illusion Elder’s face changed continually. Had he known about this person’s origin, he would have stepped forward without hesitation. At least, by posturing, he could have established friendly terms with this Human Race upstart. Given the manifold dangers lurking in the Reincarnation Hall, he could probably have obtained protection from this person, but now… His heart was a mix of regret, embarrassment, and anger.

“Hmph, I’d thought that the third deputy of the Human Race would be someone incredible. To think that he would instead be so small-minded, intolerant, ruthless, and combative. This is truly disappointing,” he said in resentment.

“That’s right. We aren’t even relying on him and were merely greeting him to show our friendliness toward our own race. To think that he would pull a long face instead.”

“As they say, it’s hard for a youth to not feel big-headed when he has achieved some success.”

“Judging from his behavior, he must be the kind that offends people frequently. He probably won’t live too long.”

Several other Human Race experts were also regretful and angry.

They were outraged by Ye Qingyu's apathy and disdain toward them.

As she observed the reactions of these people, the sharp-minded Orchid Saintess could not help sighing inwardly.

By this time, she was somewhat regretful of teaming up with these people whose behaviors had been deplorable. At the beginning, they were not interested in saving a fellow human from a predicament and had no feelings for their own kind. And now, they instead cottoned up to him after seeing how powerful he was, yet started to vilify him using poisonous words after they were rejected. This sort of moral quality was simply too terrible.

However, when she remembered the dangers in the Reincarnation Hall and the consequences if she was unable to obtain
that
thing, she decided to speak no more and stick with this bunch of human experts. After all, as fellow humans, they were a little more trustworthy than foreign race experts.

She could not help feeling somewhat envious as she looked at the white-robed youth by the riverside.

…

Ye Qingyu finally understood why so many experts were standing by the Heavenly River instead of flying across it.

This was because the water of the Heavenly River could drown even a Great Saint.

Although the mirror-like surface looked calm, there were dark currents surging beneath and a strange power of laws pervading the air above, thereby rendering flight unviable. Before Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui had arrived here, it was said that several hundred martial experts, including four Great Saints, had fallen into the black water of the Heavenly River while attempting to cross it via flight, instantly turning into white bones and sinking to the bottom of the river.

When Ye Qingyu tossed a top-grade spiritual equipment made of divine material into the river shoal, it turned into a puff of green smoke and disappeared as soon as it was submerged by the water.

“The water of the Heavenly River is said to be taken from the River of Hell by the Chaos Demon Emperor. It’s difficult for deities and demons alike to cross it, for the only way is to take the Netherworld Ferryboat, which is precisely what these people standing by the shore are waiting for. Little Ye Qingyu, be patient and observe quietly for a while.” The million-year-old soul transmitted.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The shore by the Heavenly River fell into silence once more.

Half an hour passed in a twinkling.

More experts from various races successively arrived from the exits of the several hundred stone-walled tunnels, which together resembled a honeycomb on the stone walls, in the distance. This triggered a small stir as cases of robbery occurred once more, resulting in deaths and injuries.

The expressions of the experts on the black beach suddenly became animated.

Drifting wobblingly, a small boat was arriving from the far end of the Heavenly River. It was dark-red in color and seemed to be made from ten-thousand-year-old rotten wood, such was how terribly mottled it was. It looked like an old fishing boat which had been in operation for fifty to sixty years and would sink as soon as it was assailed by the slightest of storms. An emaciated figure was standing at the back of the boat, with both hands holding on to a black bamboo pole which he continually swept below the water surface to row the boat forward at an extremely slow speed.

The Netherworld Ferryboat.

It had finally arrived.

“It’s our, [Haze Valley’s], turn to cross the river. We’ve been waiting for more than eight hours.” A group of strange-looking experts, who each had four ears and one eye, began to clamor. They were indeed the group who arrived at the riverside the earliest.

However, this proposal was not accepted by many other groups of experts.

“Heh heh, what a joke. Who cares about who came first at this time? Whoever's fist is bigger gets to go on the boat, while the weak shall move aside.”

“Zeze, the Netherworld Ferryboat can only accommodate ten at a time. I’m taking one spot for sure.”

“We, [Void Mountain], will be taking three spots.”

As the Netherworld Ferryboat gradually drew near, the situation and atmosphere by the riverside intensified, with swords and halberds being unsheathed and crossbows being drawn.

Ye Qingyu remained unmoved.

His eyes remained fixed upon the gradually-nearing Netherworld Ferryboat.

“Huh? That boatman seems a bit weird.” Hu Bugui could not help voicing out.

“It’s a headless scarecrow.” Ye Qingyu had long discerned.

The boatman standing on the Netherworld Ferryboat was not a living person but a simply-made scarecrow. It was draped in a straw rain cape and was covered by a bamboo hat atop its headless body, resembling an evil spirit. Its actions were even slower and more sluggish than those of the lowest-grade puppet. It hence paddled the boat at an extremely slow rate, and that was why the boat was moving so slowly.

“A scarecrow? Why, really? Is it a living or a dead thing?” As the boat continually drew near, Hu Bugui was soon able to see it clearly and became astounded.

The silly dog rolled its eyes wildly. “Hmm, it doesn’t look tasty… I have completely no appetite now.”

Ye Qingyu instructed without saying anything else, “Prepare to get on the boat.”

This was indeed not the time for good manners and being particular about first come, first served. Strength would do the talking, and whoever's fist was bigger would get to go on the boat.

Just then, a commotion was heard from the back, followed by low cries from among the crowd.

Ye Qingyu subconsciously turned his head back to look.

Two figures, one male and one female, walked out from a tunnel exit. Both of them were extremely young and elegant, with the male possessing a dignified bearing and immense qi, while the female was as pure as snow and as otherworldly as a fairy. They attracted the gazes of countless people as soon as they appeared, both emitting a powerful aura which could not be any more compelling.

“It’s the Four Stars holy girl and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race.”

Ye Qingyu felt a jolt in his heart.

He had never imagined that this duo would arrive even later than himself.

He figured that they had probably been held up for some time in the labyrinth, and had most likely obtained considerable gains along the way.

“My pleasure to meet you, Your Highnesses.”

The Thousand Illusion Elder promptly went forth and saluted.

The duo were long-renowned young Heaven’s pridelings whose backgrounds were extensive and deep. Hence, there were even more people who recognized this duo than those who recognized Ye Qingyu, while the Thousand Illusion Elder’s party behaved a lot warmer than when they greeted Ye Qingyu, to the extent that they were nearly grovelling as they greeted.

“Hello, Thousand Illusion Elder and seniors.” The Four Stars holy girl greeted back laughingly.

Yin Kaishan, the third prince, also nodded faintly.

Orchid Saintess also went up to greet them.

“We meet again, Elder Sister Orchid.” The Four Stars holy girl greeted in a more intimate tone than before, revealing that she was acquainted with Orchid Saintess.

“Your Highness, your usual elegance is so enviable.” The latter remarked with a smile.

“Since we’re all from the Human Race, we may as well travel together. This way, we can protect each other.” The holy girl suggested.

The Thousand Illusion Elder and the others were overjoyed.

“That’s more than we can wish for. Your Highness’ kindness is admirable. By comparison, those who’ve gained undeserved reputation yet behave arrogantly and viciously have little persuasive power despite become deputies,” the Thousand Illusion Elder mocked indirectly.

Although Orchid Saintess knew who he was referring to, this was not the time for rebuttal.

The Four Stars holy girl smiled faintly and did not say anything further.

Under her and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race’s lead, the Thousand Illusion Elder’s party soon arrived by the riverside. The experts of other races, who also recognized the duo and knew that they were no kind beings, dared not provoke them and hurriedly moved aside to prevent themselves from getting into a conflict with these two young Heaven’s pridelings. As the Four Stars holy girl was a Human Race Heaven’s prideling and the Mizar Race was closely similar to and on friendly terms with the Human Race, this joint force could therefore be considered a human camp.

Soon, the Netherworld Ferryboat came alongside.

“Attention everyone, the ferry this time shall be taken by the Four Stars Sect on behalf of the Human Race. Please wait for the next ferry in order to avoid unpleasantness.” The Four Stars holy girl spoke up as she turned toward the crowd on the shore and cupped her hands gently. Although she looked polite, her tone was chilly and her words contained an unmistakable will.

With that, she vanished effortlessly and reappeared on the Netherworld Ferryboat the next moment.

Also onboard was the Third Prince of the Mizar Race.

He was like the holy girl’s shadow in the way he followed her so closely.

“Sister Orchid and Thousand Illusion Elder, please.” Smiling faintly, the holy girl stood on the boat and made an inviting gesture.

“This...” So excited that his body trembled all over, the Thousand Illusion Elder expressed his thanks profusely. “Thank you so much, Your Highness.”

With that, he hurriedly boarded the ferry.

When passing by Ye Qingyu, he even smiled deliberately and looked the latter in the eye provocatively.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 972:


Chapter 988 – Why Is This So


Remaining silent, Ye Qingyu paid no attention to the Thousand Illusion Elder.

“Dammit, a dog acting all haughty just because he has a powerful backer… Son of a bitch.” Instead, it was Hu Bugui who could not help cursing in disdain.

The next moment, he was bitten on his heels b the silly dog Little Nine.

“I’ve put up with you long enough,” Little Nine uttered a low growl. It had been abused by Hu Bugui to the point that it could not talk back when it mistakenly ate the Deathlike Pill, and now finally found an opportunity to get even. “Explain to me, what’s wrong with dogs and bitches?”

The latter screamed in agony at once.

The people who witnessed this were rendered speechless.

In a twinkling, six people including Orchid Saintess had boarded the Netherworld Ferry.

“Four Stars holy girl, you’re too much.” A foreign race expert could not help speaking up. “It’s your own fault that you came late, and while it may be acceptable if you had taken just a spot for yourself, you instead had to help this useless bunch to get onboard as well. Is it because you have no regard for other races?”

“That’s right, it’s a bit too much.”

“We came first and have been waiting for two hours already. Don’t overdo things, Four Stars holy girl.”

“Why not we have a fight to the death, I’m not afraid.”

“Everyone, get onboard and let our swords do the talking.”

As they saw the number of seats on the Netherworld Ferryboat decreasing, the experts of various races who had been bitterly waiting on the black beach became desperate and riled. A small number of figures among the crowd moreso fanned the flames and worked up the crowd’s anger. Many figures swiftly drew near to the Netherworld Ferryboat and unsheathed their weapons, with their yuan qi surging and their demonic qi agitated. It appeared that a fierce battle was set to break out.

On the boat.

The Thousand Illusion Elder and the others trembled in fear.

If a fight really transpired, they would definitely be the first bunch of cannon fodder.

However, the Four Stars holy girl remained perfectly calm.

Her white robes were most striking against the black boat and black river, bringing to mind a lotus among a corrupted world. She seemed to be undisturbed by the scorching atmosphere as she gently combed her hair with her fingers before turning her back toward the crowd, paying absolutely no regard to the various races on shore. Her eyes indifferently gazed toward the distance of the Heavenly River, completely ignoring what was behind her, as if she wanted nothing but to take a good look at the scenery.

Instead, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race, who had been standing beside her like a shadow all this time, took a step forward.

He casually flicked his hand.

Chi!

An invisible burst of qi flashed in the Void and swiftly drew a finger-wide mark on the black beach.

“Anyone who crosses this line shall die.”

A frosty and indifferent voice was clearly uttered from Yin Kaishan’s mouth.

Smacking of a war god who had descended from the sun to this world and resembling an insurmountable golden mountain, this golden-armored and golden-halberd-bearing burly man stood on the Netherworld Ferryboat with his messy hair fluttering. The fine line he had casually drawn on the beach beneath the ferry was akin to a line of divine punishment, obstructing all of the foreign race experts. Like a bonfire which had been doused by a pail of icy water, the originally-riled scene became quiet and cold.

The Third Prince of the Mizar Race’s War God title had awed the Vast Thousand Domains.

He was the biggest martial maniac among the younger generation of Heaven’s pridelings and was born to become a war general, possessing not only extraordinary strength but also the purest ancient bloodline of the Mizar Race. He was said to be a descendant of the Sun God, and had used his golden halberd to kill a half step Great Saint just three months ago. After hearing the tough words of such a character and reflecting that they themselves had not attained Great Saint realm cultivation, the experts hurriedly retreated.

Among the Vast Thousand Domains, almost everyone knew that while Yin Kaishan was a man of few words, every word of his carried huge weight, and he always walked the talk. Everyone also knew that he was madly infatuated with the Four Stars holy girl and would not hesitate at all to slay deities and demons as long as it was for her sake.

In short, this burly man was a martial maniac and someone who would give everything for the woman of his heart.

Even a Great Saint would probably frown at the prospect of fighting against such a maniac.

The experts who had been enraged like never before began to calm down and hurriedly retreated.

After all, the Netherworld Ferry would not be gone forever and would eventually return, and so it was just a matter of being delayed by some time. Besides, crossing the river a little later did not necessarily mean that they would therefore miss out on an extraordinary opportunity. Hence, there was no need to provoke this martial maniac over this matter, not to mention that the Mizar Race was a large race among contemporary times, which meant that provoking him would be even more costly.

The crowd thus stepped back.

Only one person walked forth.

It was the mysterious person, in a black cloak and hood, who had been hiding among the crowd all this time.

Step after step, he walked out of the crowd and toward the fine line on the black beach.

For a moment, countless pairs of eyes fell upon him.

Is he not afraid of death?

Many experts were surprised.

However, just as everyone was looking attentively at him, he raised his legs and stepped across the fine line before his figure flashed and reappeared on the Netherworld Ferryboat. Although this process was not the fastest, Yin Kaishan did not take any action to obstruct him or say a single word, and instead simply stood where he was and offered no response up until the mysterious person had boarded the ferry.

What’s going on?

Several experts were bewildered.

“Didn’t he say that anyone who crosses the line will die?”

“How did he get across?”

“Is… this a joke?”

Many experts could not help questioning loudly.

The Third Prince of the Mizar Race said plainly, “He’s a human, and, on top of that, is qualified enough in terms of strength to board the ferry.”

Many experts on the black beach were dumbfounded.

It was at this time that they suddenly remembered what the Four Stars holy girl said when she first boarded the ferry – that she had taken up this ferry trip on behalf of the Human Race. Therefore, when the Third Prince of the Mizar Race said that “anyone who crosses this line shall die”, he was referring to non-human transgressors. Conversely, human Saint experts who were strong enough were allowed to cross the line and board the ferry.

This…

A few foreign race experts suddenly became a little envious of the Human Race.

Not too long ago, the Human Race had been at an absolute disadvantage on this beach and was getting squeezed and bullied, such that even the human Saint experts dared not speak up despite their anger. Unexpectedly, the winds had changed in a twinkling, and the Human Race had gained the advantage by this time. Instead, it was those who had looked down on the Human Race who now lowered their heads and were afraid to say a word.

On the boat, the Thousand Illusion Elder and the other three human martial experts felt excited and grateful at once.

“We’ve long heard about Your Highness’ kind heart. Your steadfast protection of the Human Race is truly and timelessly glorious.” The Thousand Illusion Elder cupped his hands and saluted toward the Four Stars holy girl’s back. “Your Highness’ kindness is many times greater than that of those opportunistic bastards who have taken up deputy positions yet only know how to flaunt their prestige and status. This is how a true human Heaven’s prideling should behave.”

“Spot on.”

“I wonder if certain people would feel ashamed.”

Two of the other human Saint experts chimed in.

The “certain people” they spoke of was naturally referring to Ye Qingyu, the third deputy of the Human Race.

Everyone knew about the matter which took place on Taowu Mountain Ridge in the Black Demon Abyss a while back, in which the Four Stars holy girl framed Ye Qingyu while he angrily branded her a rat which had deceived the world to gain fame. Since then, there had been a grudge, which could possibly even be described as an enmity, between these two young human Heaven’s pridelings. Hence, having taken up the protection offered by the Four Stars holy girl, the Thousand Illusion Elder and the others were absolutely not afraid of offending Ye Qingyu, and they thus spoke loud enough for everyone nearby to hear them, albeit not to the extent of shouting.

It was clear that they were deliberately trying to sully Ye Qingyu's name.

A disgust involuntarily arose in Orchid Saintess’ heart as she watched this going on. She used to believe that the Thousand Illusion Elder had a decent character and disposition, yet he had unexpectedly become so low-minded on this day. Being a dignified Saint expert and an elderly senior, it did not seem quite like him to say these kinds of things on such an occasion in order to curry favor with the Four Star holy girl. Although Ye Qingyu had slighted the party a while ago, they had brought it upon themselves after all.

However, because of her dependence on them, she could not say much and moreso could not afford to offend the Four Stars holy girl by retorting the Thousand Illusion Elder and the others All she could do was to keep a straight face as she stood by the side while inwardly resolving to make a clean break with the Thousand Illusion Elder and the others if she successfully got out alive from this expedition.

For a time, many pairs of eyes fell upon Ye Qingyu.

The foreign race experts were certainly happy to watch a drama play out among the Human Race.

They had long heard rumors about the discord between these two human Heaven’s pridelings, and now that they had personally seen that this was indeed a thing, they were hoping that the two would fight.

On the black beach.

Hu Bugui’s countenance changed then and there.

He was about to say something...

However, Ye Qingyu waved his hands gently and laughed before saying composedly, “What a bunch of clowns and evil spirits that ain’t worth mentioning… Big brother Hu Bugui, let’s get on the boat.” With that, he walked toward to the Netherworld Ferryboat, intent on boarding it.

This caused everyone’s heart to flutter.

The foreign race experts within a hundred meters hurriedly backed off as fast as they could.

They were afraid that, by being too near, they would be harmed should the two maniacs that were Ye Qingyu and Yin Kaishan come to blows.

Meanwhile, Hu Bugui summoned the emperor qi tile while allowing the silly dog to bite onto his right heel like a koala bear following closely behind him. At this time, he absolutely could not afford to hinder the momentum of Ye Qingyu no matter what. Having been in life-and-death situations before, a fight was no big deal to him.

However, what surprised everyone was that the battle which they had thought was inevitable did not break out.

Ye Qingyu gently stepped across the fine line which Yin Kaishan had drawn and swiftly boarded the ferry, while behind him, Hu Bugui soon did the same. Throughout this process, the Third Prince of the Mizar Race offered no form of obstruction and response, allowing the duo to easily get onboard.

This…

What’s going on?

Without mentioning the bewilderment of the experts from various large races, even the Thousand Illusion Elder and the others on the Netherworld Ferryboat were stunned.

This isn’t right. How is it possible that the Four Stars holy girl would tolerate her enemy, Ye Qingyu, boarding the ferry? And why is Yin Kaishan not angry at the man who had once insulted the girl he’s crazy over, unlike what the rumors say? Could it be that those rumors are false and there’s actually no feud between these two Heaven’s pridelings? Or is it that the holy girl has no choice but to submit to Ye Qingyu now that he’s the third deputy of the Human Race?

The Thousand Illusion Elder, who had been feeling triumphant just a moment ago, instantly became disturbed and fearful.

He realized that he might have made a huge mistake.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

