Chapter 181:


Chapter 182 - Strangers in the Pass

Every year when spring arrived, the [Army of Youyan Pass] would symbolically organize a spring time attack. But for the large majority of the time, this would be like thunder with little rain. Their main objective was in training soldiers, if they really wanted to invade into the territory of the Demon Race, then for the previous [Army of Youyan Pass], this was beyond their power.

This year, it seemed to be different.

The movements of military troops were more frequent.

Apart from this, within the City of Youyan Pass, there were explosive movements against the agents of the Demon Race that continued on at a crazy pace. Those demon spies that had hidden extremely deeply were all unburied. On the [Beheading Demon Platforms] everywhere in the city, there were constantly demons who were captured and executed. The heads were hung on the two sides of the [Beheading Demon Platform], on the stone obelisks of the iron cage, exposing it to the elements.

The mood of the people was like tar, nervous.

Under the propaganda and the encouragement of the military, all the military citizens of Youyan Pass seemed to transform into berserk beasts. The hatred they felt for the Demon Race was currently frantically growing and accumulating. Everyone wished that they could rush outside the Pass and fight to the death with the Demon Race.

The smell of the blood of the Demon Race spread throughout the entire city.

And it was also on that day that the matter pertaining to Ye Qingyu's appointment was finally decided and announced.

Out of some people's expectations, the final appointment and reward was that the previous decision would not be retracted. Ye Qingyu still was the fourth class heroic Marquis. Not only this, because he had returned alive, there would also be extra rewards. A thousand pieces of gold, a Spirit weapon, ability to command soldiers, and half a pound of Origin crystal. Furthermore, he was also bestowed with a hilly region with a perimeter of around a hundred kilometers that was thirty kilometers North of Deer City.

Once this news came out, all parties within Youyan Pass were shaken.

And on the ceremony where Ye Qingyu was bestowed his position as Marquis, even the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge, personally appeared. He personally gave the seal of the Marquis to Ye Qingyu. That day, the commanders of the Vanguard, Rearguard, Left and Right camp as well as military warfare officers, and various major and minor nobilities also attended this ceremony.

Apart from the head of the supply department, Zhang San.

This huge figure that ranked within the top of the Army of Youyan Pass, because of a reason that everyone knew, did not attend this bestowal ceremony.

When Ye Qingyu received the seal of the Marquis from the hands of Lu Zhaoge, countless gazes focused on the body of this young man.

A new page in history was born in the Empire.

He was the youngest Marquis in history and was also the military officer that rose the fastest through his contributions.

That day, tens of thousands of gazes were gathered on Ye Qingyu.

This signified that Ye Qingyu had officially entered into the upper echelons of the [Youyan army].

At this moment, the entire Youyan Pass was discussing this young Marquis.

The military spent even more efforts in advertising Ye Qingyu's heroic feat, not sparing any expense at all. Manpower, money and materials were spent. They wanted to depict him as a person the [Youyan army] and even the army of the Empire would model themselves after.

Apart from making countless people envious, it also made them start guessing. This Ye Qingyu, just what was his background, that he was able to ascend so smoothly? Could it be that he was a hidden successor of some noble family of the Empire? Or perhaps he was a young talent of the Imperial family of the Empire?

In the long history of the Empire, it was not that there were not some exceptionally talented young people that appeared and rose through the ranks quickly. But ultimately, they were all proven to be noble young masters with great backgrounds. The roots of the noble and wealthy were deep and intertwined and they controlled the heart of the relatively young Empire. For a commoner to want to ascend through the ranks, it was really too difficult.

Since the founding of the Empire, the greatest achiever of the commoners was the current Left Minister of the Empire.

But even this Left Minister was completely suppressed by the forces of the Right Minister who originated from the Empire.

If Ye Qingyu did not have the support of the nobles’ families, for Ye Qingyu to become a Marquis when he was not even sixteen was really somewhat unbelievable and mysterious.

The person who had just fought with Ye Qingyu several days ago, the [Worry of Ghosts] Zhang San, he could be counted as a huge figure in the military. But even he was not yet bestowed a title. The greatest obstacle was because of the fact that he came from a common family.

In such wind and rain, Ye Qingyu at this moment became the most sparkling and dazzling figure in Youyan Pass.

The doors of White Horse tower became even more jam packed.

It was a pity that due to Mother Wu's, this shrew's existence, those who wanted to get closer and network abruptly found the door barred.

……

Three days later.

Ye Qingyu went out the doors.

The morning sun had not yet risen and there was a spring chill in the air.

Ye Qingyu brought his personal sword slave Bai Yuanxing, onwards towards the path to the Vanguard.

This was his first time going out ever since he became a Marquis. Ye Qingyu decided to have a look around the Vanguard.

The first objective was to go visit Li Shizen, that old grandfather and friend. He had to hand over several letters that the little girl Qingqing at Deer City gave him. The second objective was to go see Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan. Previously, they had already arranged for a small gathering, and today it was just right that they were not on duty and were on break. The third objective was to pay his respects to the commander of the Vanguard, Liu Siufeng. Ye Qingyu had already indicated his stance that he wished to enter into the Vanguard after receiving his military command at the celebratory feast after the bestowal ceremony. At that time, Liu Siufeng had indicated that he would welcome Ye Qingyu with open arms.

The streets were empty.

The curfew had just ended, so there were not many people on the streets.

Ye Qingyu had civilian clothes on, his white robes like jade, and there was an elegant long sword engraved with gold at his waist. From his outer appearance, he seemed like a carefree and aimless young master. And following beside him, wearing a little green hat and robes, was Bai Yuanxing. He wore the evident attire of a servant boy.

They casually chose a morning stand and ate a bowl of soft tofu pudding.

Ye Qingyu placed down the bowl with a sigh. "Mother Wu’s cooking is better. The food outside cannot satisfy me anymore." In these days, the mouth of this little Marquis had been spoiled by the good cooking of the Shrew of White Horse tower, Mother Wu.

These words turned the face of the owner of the morning stand angry.

But very quickly, after Bai Yuanxing tossed him a tael of silver, the fat stand owner who was around fifty years of age expressed a delighted grin.

Finishing his soft tofu pudding, Ye Qingyu was about to stand up and leave when suddenly there was the sound of footsteps.

One could see tens of figures that walked hurriedly towards the morning food stand. The person at the lead of this group was a young man with sideburns[1] , loudly shouting for the stand owner to prepare twenty bowls of soybean pudding. They then combined several tables for the people behind him to sit in. The leader of this group was a middle-aged man with long black hair, his temple swelling. There were flickers of light in his eyes. He was evidently an expert with unfathomable strength.

This group of people largely wore long brocaded robes and did not wear armour. The way they spoke was casual, without the restrictions and discipline of soldiers. They sat down and began chattering and laughing, evidently not part of the military. They should not even be military citizens of Youyan Pass, and originated from outside the pass.

But if they were merchants, they did not bring any sort of merchandise next to them and they were without any wagons. They did not seem to emit the aura of merchants.

Ye Qingyu was faintly curious and could not help but give them a few glances more.

"Stinky little brat, what are you looking at. Be careful I don't cut your eyes out." A young man with his face of haughtiness, glared at Ye Qingyu. Sitting next to him was a young girl with a gorgeous appearance. He thought Ye Qingyu was secretly glancing at the girl. The young man scowled, cursing at him, viciousness between his eyebrows.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then smiled a little.

The White Horse sword slave was instantly enraged. In his heart he said, “just what kind of wild duck and chickens were they, that they dared to come here to create trouble. To even curse at his Marquis, they really don't know how to write the character ‘death’.” He was instantly about to rush and shout at them, but he was held back by Ye Qingyu's raised arm. He indicated for Bai Yuanxing to ignore them.

Bai Yuanxing quickly retreated.

The two stood and left.

After walking tens of steps, they could hear a burst of laughter from the stand behind them. There were people pointing at the back of Ye Qingyu and Bai Yuanxing. Evidently this was laughter mocking Ye Qingyu.

Bai Yuanxing turned his head back, seeing the entire scene. He was about to rush back and fiercely teach this group of people a lesson.

But seeing Ye Qingyu leave as if he had not heard this at all, Bai Yuanxing could only follow behind.

"Sooner or later those fellows with eyes but no pupils will know my Marquis’ awesomeness," Bai Yuanxing said in his heart resentfully. There was a saying that the disgrace of the monarch was the death of the minister. The meaning behind this was that if the servant could not protect his monarch’s dignity, then he was better off dead. Bai Yuanxing completely worshiped Ye Qingyu to his bones, he would not allow anyone to show Ye Qingyu disrespect.

He remembered those faces in his heart.

At the morning food stand.

"Within the city of Youyan Pass, why is there such a carefree and idle young master. Seeing his perverted gaze looking at junior sister Little Hua, I really want to cut off his dog-like eyes…" the young man with sideburns that had previously cursed at Ye Qingyu, said with a large laugh.

The young gorgeous girl next to him, hearing this only had a faint smile.

There was a lofty pride concealed within her expression.

The other young people all laughed loudly.

One was able to see that the charming young girl was very popular among her peers.

The middle-aged man with long black-haired coughed: "Coming to Youyan Pass, one should be more careful. Don't bring your usual careless attitude in the sects to the military. After all, everyone here is part of the military. If you offend someone of the military, it will bring trouble." "Shishu[1], [JR2] you are being too careful. We have come to give aid. These military brutes should be grateful to us." The young man with sideburns laughed without giving too much care. “Besides, the experts of the Crepe Myrtle sect have as many experts as the clouds. The military should give us the respect we deserve." "That’s right, we are people of the Jianghu. We are not those dumb military brutes, being a little more undisciplined is normal.” "Hehe, if we show our moves, if those military brutes see it, would they be so shocked that they would screech?" “The people of the sects do not cater to the worldly rules and we are above the common populace. We don't have to pay attention to the profane army."

The young people laughed and chuckled with an uncaring attitude, ignoring the words of their Shishu.

Within the area of Snow Empire, there existed many sects and factions.

The Crepe Myrtle sect was one of the three sects and three factions that were the six greatest in Snow Empire. Their strength was deep and had already existed before the founding of the Empire. It was said that their history was already hundreds of years old. After the Snow Empire was founded, they accepted the rule of the Snow Empire, and became one of the subjects of the Imperial family of the Empire. Receiving the permission of the Imperial family, they were allowed to accept disciples and pass down their martial arts. They could be counted as one of the forces outside the army of Snow Empire that had exceptional power.

The martial way passed down through the disciples of the six top sects were deep and profound. Throughout history, they had produced significant numbers of military experts. Walking through the Jianghu, they went from high to high, a complete appearance of someone above worldly affairs. There were many rumours circulating about them around the citizens, that every one of them thought of themselves as exceptional.

Regarding the martial way, martial artists who came from the sects had it easier when it came to finding deep and profound cultivation techniques. Compared to those experts who relied on fighting on the battlefield to gain their skills, their martial way was more profound. This created the haughtiness and arrogance of many disciples of the sects.

Hearing the discussions of her senior and junior brothers, this pretty young girls’ face had a faint and proud smile.[3] [1] Master’s junior brother

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 182:


Chapter 183 - The situation of the sects

Nan Hua had a faint smile on her face as she listened to her senior and junior brothers debating.

Seeing her senior brother Tianming, the man with the sideburns, spouting and discussing loftily, there was a shred of disdain in Nan Hua's heart.

Every disciple of the sect thought of themselves as exceptional. Their traditions were age old, profound cultivation techniques, they were the chosen children of heaven. But Nan Hua knew extremely well in her heart that since the Snow Empire was founded, the greatest power within Heaven Wasteland domain was the Imperial Family of Snow Empire. Under the rule of the Empire, all the glory of the sects had long been blown away by the wind and rain. The age that belonged to the sects, had already gradually ended.

There were many disciples of the sects that normally had been affected by the philosophy that the sects were the greatest. They felt that they towered above others, sleeping out in the open, not influenced by worldly affairs, and had distanced themselves away from the mortal world. They thought of themselves as immortal like beings; they looked down upon the worldly soldiers, calling the soldiers military brutes.

But Nan Hua was clear that in the Empire today, there were countless experts.

Not mentioning others, just solely from the Youyan Pass army, the overall commander [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge’s power was so strong that the patriarchs of many sects were not his opponent.

The[1] [2] free and unrestricted sects were a helpless radiance that had slowly elapsed.

For a top sect like the Crepe Myrtle sect, even they could not help but open their sect deep within the mountains. They said that they had already left mortal affairs, tranquil as immortals, but who would not yearn for the flourishing world in their hearts. Especially those disciples who were inexperienced and unaware, they were immeasurably self-satisfied. The higher-up elders of the sects, who would not reminiscence over the glorious era where they received enormous tribute and the admiration and respect of the flourishing cities?

Senior brother Wei Tianming and the others brought the attitude that they were above the others of Youyan Pass. They felt that they were immortals descending from the heavens; here to rescue the pain and suffering of the common people.

But Nan Hua was different.

The strength of this charming girl could not be counted as the greatest within the Crepe Myrtle sect, only above average. But when comparing her appearance, she could be rated as stunning, her beautiful aura causing countless fellow disciples to fall for her. As a result, there were always disciples of the Crepe Myrtle sect surrounding and pleasing her. If it was previously, within the sect, and she chose a core disciple with a great future and exceptional talent and married him, it would definitely be a choice that would make countless people envious. Perhaps in the future she would become the wife of an elder, or perhaps the future wife of the leader of the sect…

But right now, ever since leaving the Crepe Myrtle sect and experiencing the flourishing human society, Nan Hua's heart was no longer concerned with the sect.

If she was able to select a talented young man with both status and strength and marry him, then she could enjoy a high position and wealth endlessly[3] [4] . This was a god-like living style[5] that was far more perfect than staying in the old mountains and forests and living a tranquil life composing poems to the moon.

Therefore, Nan Hua felt that Wei Tianming and the others were childish.

But her mind was nimble and her subtleness was far deeper than her peers. She naturally would not express her true thoughts, only a faint proud smile to represent her own attitude.

Of course, Nan Hua also looked down upon useless and idle young masters.

Such as the young man that was wearing a white robe with an elegant long sword at his waist. Just a glance was enough for one to determine that he was an idle trash. There were no experts that would have such a useless sword that looked good but could not be used. He also brought a servant wearing a little green hat next to him…

If she had to choose such a spoiled rich young master, she would rather choose her fellow disciples of her sect.

Nan Hua once again thought of the various rumours that she had heard on the way. There was a person called Ye Qingyu, that sounded not too bad. Young age, with decent strength he had also been given a title of Marquis. Holding two roles simultaneously in Youyan Pass army, it was said that he had not yet married. He was the youngest Marquis in the history of the Empire… "This Ye Qingyu could barely count as a candidate. After seeing him and observing for a while, just to see what he is like. If he was really as the rumours say, then it was not a bad choice to make some investment…”

Nan Hua silently planned in her heart.

She had extreme confidence in her beauty and quality. As long as she made some moves and displayed a fake countenance, then that person called Ye Qingyu could easily be captured[6] [7] .

…… ……

Ye Qingyu walked leisurely through the large streets and small alleys.

His meeting with Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan was in the afternoon. The time was still early so he was not in a rush.

Ever since coming to Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu had never really taken a good stroll throughout its streets and experienced the culture. Today was mostly a good chance, so he came out to have a look.

Compared to the free, flourishing, laid back, and mercantile aura of Deer City, Youyan Pass was evidently more disciplined. On the two sides of the streets, one was able to see some little stands, but the number was far less compared to Deer City. The large majority of the shops on the two sides of the streets were square and straight. Normally, all architecture was constructed with defense as its number one priority; so these buildings were extremely stable.

The goods within these shops had many weapons and armour, materials for formation, rice, flour, and noodles. There were all sorts of essential living materials. As for silks and fabrics, paintings of flowers and the such, these were extremely rare.

But what made Ye Qingyu somewhat surprised was that on the way, he encountered many martial artists rushing about who seemed to come from Jianghu. One look was enough to see that they had different temperaments to the people of Youyan Pass. Evidently, they were people who had come from the sects.

Why were there suddenly so many disciples of the sects within Youyan Pass?

As for the situation regarding the large sects within Snow Empire, Ye Qingyu only had a general idea from a book. As for the details, he was not too clear.

For White Deer Academy students, after graduating from their fourth year, they would have choices. Some would choose to enroll in the army; while others would choose to enter into their families. There would also be some outstanding graduates that would be chosen by some great sects in Snow Empire and choose to enter these sects to cultivate the martial way, devoting themselves to martial arts.

As far as the top ten class experts within Snow Empire, it was said that six of them came from the sects.

But experts and disciples of the sects liked to act alone. They tend to appear and disappear without any signs whatsoever, so they rarely had any interactions with the army of the Empire. This time, for there to be so many people of the sects to appear in Youyan Pass greatly surprised Ye Qingyu.

"I've heard that the Imperial family of the Empire has called an Imperial summons. Using the name of the Emperor, they are recruiting experts of the sects for a short term service in Youyan Pass to aid the military. This time, the top six sects within the Empire will send people to help in the Spring attack…"

Bai Yuanxing gave an explanation.

Ye Qingyu remained confined in his room training and did not pay attention to outside matters. But Bai Yuanxing, apart from training, would also pay serious attention to the small and big activities within the Pass. Very consciously, he became the eyes and ears of Ye Qingyu. After sorting through all of the large and small information, he could provide useful information to Ye Qingyu at any moment.

"Oh, so they came to help."

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

There were good and bad people intermingled within the sects, but one could not help but admit that the foundations of the sects were extremely deep and the cultivation techniques that were passed on had a long history. The requirements for becoming a disciple were also extremely strict, therefore many experts came from the sects. If the Empire really wanted to form a large scale invasion, then the aid that came from the experts of the sects could be used to fight against the demon warriors and commanders of the Demon Race. This would have an extremely good effect.

The experts of the sect could supplement the weak points of the army, not having enough battle power from top class experts.

But there were definitely misgivings. The discipline of the people of the sects were far too unruly. A huge problem facing the higher ups of the Youyan Pass army was how they were going to harmonize the two parties. After all, the army was an entity that placed great importance to discipline.

As he thought, Ye Qingyu shook his head with a smile.

Since the army of the Empire had already issued such an enlistment, then they should have already formed their own strategy and plans. There was no need for him to worry. As long as he performed his own duty, it was fine.

With this thought in mind, Ye Qingyu did not think about such miscellaneous matters anymore.

Since it was difficult for him to come out normally, clearing his mood and walking about the streets was the right thing to do.

Leisurely strolling along the way, he really seemed like a wealthy person with nothing to do. Adding to this, the white robes of Ye Qingyu as well as the ornamental [Cutting Wind Sword] that the sixth master of the White Horse tower had left behind made Ye Qingyu look even more like an idle young master in the city.

Bai Yuanxing was a local of the city and hence was comparatively familiar with it. On the way, he explained different aspects of the city to Ye Qingyu, acting like a tour guide.

Ye Qingyu's understanding of Youyan Pass increased little by little.

The two then arrived at the Northern district of Youyan Pass at around noon.

There were gradually more and more military installations.

This was the area controlled by the Vanguard of the [Youyan army].

"If we head forward for another five or six kilometers, we will be at the great camp of the Vanguard. Master, the meeting point that you have arranged with Officer Wen and Officer Liu is there…" Bai Yuanxing pointed at an octagonal black stone building with nine stories to the left.

"Eh? That’s the [Breeze and Drizzle building]? There’s still an hour of time left from the arranged time, let’s just first go in and have a seat." Ye Qingyu smiled as he headed towards the octagonal black stone building.

This [Breeze and Drizzle building] had a considerable history.

It was said that this was a temporary imperial residence constructed during the first time the Emperor of the Snow Empire led troops into battle to fight against the Snow Ground Demon Court. There was the founding Emperor's personal inscription, and that was where the name of the building came from. This was the only octagonal building tens of kilometers away and it was also the tallest architecture[8] [9] [10] [11] . Compared to the square and straight buildings around, it was rather beautiful, and could be counted as a scenic spot within Youyan Pass.

In the battle following after, both parties struggled, but this eventually fizzled[12] [13] [14] out to nothing, without a victor being decided. His Imperial majesty returned to the court and this building was at first managed by the military. However, as time passed on, a higher up of the army received the right to manage it, opening it to the public and creating a restaurant that was famous throughout the Pass[1].

The meeting point with Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan was namely this restaurant with a long history.

Very quickly, they came to the restaurant.

There were eight soldiers on duty wearing bright armour at the door. One could tell that the owner behind this restaurant was indeed not normal.

"Two masters, please…" There was a young server wearing short cotton clothes that quickly rushed to welcome them, drawing his sound out and receiving the two.

The server of the [Breeze and Drizzle building] was a person with great eyesight and extreme observation ability. Seeing Ye Qingyu's appearance, he knew that he was someone with money so he welcomed them passionately, leading Ye Qingyu and Bai Yuanxing into the hall.

The moment they entered into the hall, it was as if they had entered into a whole different world.

Outside there was a spring chill, but there was a warm breeze hitting one in the face in the hall. The green vegetation refreshed the mind; Also, there was a fresh and clear smell of plants that met them, as if it was a flourishing garden. In an instant, it filled one with energy.

The arrangement of the tables in the hall was also extremely intricate.

[1] Technically (cause I know someone’s going to comment) the army is part of the military. The military points to all 3 branches, so Army, Navy, and Air Force….if you wanna get technical :P

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 183:


Chapter 184 - Provocation

The large hall was not completely flat; it was in picturesque disorder. There were four main layers in the hall, with two or three steps between each platform. It was a classic split level hall, with decorative mountains, running water, war songs, vegetation, and summer flower partitions. It caused the entire large hall to fill with a sensation of delight.

Ye Qingyu, after a slight observation, was able to sense the subtleness of this formation.

Within the [Breeze and Drizzle building], there were a multitude of large and small formations arranged everywhere. Apart from defensive formations, there were many tiny formations for controlling the air, temperature, light, humidity and so on. Such a design evidently came from a formation master; it was absolutely not something anyone could do.

No wonder it was the temporary Imperial residence of the Emperor of the Snow Empire.

Ye Qingyu sighed with emotion in his heart.

"Two masters, did you reserve a seat?" The server bent his back, asking with a smile.

Ye Qingyu considered. That fellow Wen Wan seemed not to have told him just what table he had booked, so he lightly shook his head.

The business of the [Breeze and Drizzle building] was really curiously good.

With a glance, one could see that the first floor was completely packed with people.

"Since it is like this, why not go to the fourth floor?" The server explained eagerly with a smile. "The first to the third floors are already full. In these two days, there are many sect people that have come, and they spend a lot. There are many that have already reserved a seat, and there are many that just directly come, therefore…”

Ye Qingyu nodded: "That's fine, then let’s go to the fourth floor."

The server led Ye Qingyu to a small pavilion behind a decorative mountain.

In the pavilion there were two girls in the prime of their age wearing tight-fitting violet dresses that were welcoming guests, smiling and asking after them. There was a jade-coloured badge in their hands that activated slightly, and one could see on the floor of the small pavilion, there was a strange formation light that functioned, a radiance surging out…

This was a small scale teleportation formation.

In the interior of the [Breeze and Drizzle building], there were no stairs between the floors. Unexpectedly, they used a small scale teleportation formation to transport people about that made Ye Qingyu shocked and impressed.

Just from solely this point, it was somewhat extravagant.

"Two honoured guests, please enter the [White Jade Stairs].”

Seeing the surprise in Ye Qingyu's eyes, there was a trace of pride and satisfaction twinkling in the server’s eyes.

So the small scale teleportation formation had a nice name called the [White Jade Stairs].

Ye Qingyu did not notice his expression at all and did not pay attention. Conversely, he seriously praised the design and architecture of the [Breeze and Drizzle building]; it really had workmanship similar to heaven's creation. It was the most marvelous structure that Ye Qingyu had ever seen.

As they spoke, the small scale t[1] [2] [3] [4] eleportation formation was about to operate… "Eh? Wait a moment, quickly stop… there's still us."

A somewhat familiar voice was heard.

When they lifted their head to look, there were tens of people led by another server that rushed to the outside of the little pavilion. The leading young man had a face filled with sideburns and a muscular build, wearing a pale violet loose fitting clothes. It was the group of people that Ye Qingyu had encountered at the morning stand earlier.

The girl with the flirtatious expression, Nan Hua, as well as the black-haired middle-aged man were also within the group.

As the group neared, the Wei Tianming with sideburns evidently recognized Ye Qingyu. He coldly snorted, his attitude untamed, and walked in large strides into the transportation formation with the others following in a line after.

After approximately ten or so people had entered, the leading server reminded, "This [White Jade Stairs] can at the most transport fifteen people. Please can the remaining honoured guests, wait ten breaths of time, is this possible?"

At this time there were namely two people of the Crepe Myrtle sect outside the pavilion.

Wei Tianming had a look, his glance falling upon Ye Qingyu and Bai Yuanxing. He directly opened his mouth, without any reservations "Hey, you two, get out. Enter the next one."

Bai Yuanxing was instantly enraged.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, telling him to stay calm. Then he further shook his head at Wei Tianming and said, "No."

The Wei Tianming with sideburns was immediately angered. "Little kid, have some vision. Don't go finding pain for yourself."

The other people of the Crepe Myrtle sect also stared evenly at Ye Qingyu, a mocking expression on their faces. There was a faint threat and there was even someone who slightly released a yuan qi pressure, wanting to scare Ye Qingyu out.

Ye Qingyu smiled. "Such words are also what I want to say to you. Take away your childish games. Coming to Youyan Pass, even a dragon has to stay coiled. You best not cause trouble, otherwise if it is too much, even if your patriarch comes, he cannot interfere.”

The people of the Crepe Myrtle sect were taken aback.

Wei Tianming, after a temporary blankness, was furious. He was about to say something, when the black-haired middle-aged Shishu[5] gave several evaluating glances at Ye Qingyu and said to the Wei Tianming behind him, "Tianming Shizhi[1], calm down, don't cause trouble."

Wei Tianming coldly snorted, warning Ye Qingyu with slanted eyes, then sneered. "You little brat, your sure have guts. Let's see if you are still so arrogant later." Saying this, he said in a snort, "I'm heading out, I'll take the next [White Jade Stairs]."

Saying this, he walked out of the pavilion.

But his eyes always remained on Ye Qingyu like a dagger, with an unfriendly expression.

Ye Qingyu acted as if he did not see this.

At this time, the small scale transportation [White Jade Stairs] was activated. Everyone only felt their vision blurring, the scenery becoming indistinct and in the next instant they arrived at the fourth floor of the [Breeze and Drizzle building]

The people of the Crepe Myrtle came out the pavilion with a clamour.

There were people that intentionally turned around to look at Ye Qingyu, with cold smiles on their faces. There was even someone who drew their hand across their throat, their eyes vicious, threats evident.

Ye Qingyu completely ignored them.

"Two honoured guests, please follow me." The server, very professionally, led the way.

Ye Qingyu and Bai Yuanxing walked from the pavilion of the fourth floor and evaluated their surroundings in detail.

The area of the fourth floor was similar to the large hall of the first floor, except slightly smaller. But the furnishings were much more elaborate, with formation screens dividing different areas. Apart from being spacious, it was particularly secluded, with flowers and grass for decoration. There were dancing and singing girls with slender figures and beautiful faces as companions, their voices light. It was as if someone had ascended to a divine island through climbing a vine.

Sitting at the tables of the fourth floor, the large majority were people of the Jianghu.

The wild aura of people of the sects was evidently different from the serene atmosphere of the large hall. It was extremely noisy, with shouts and screams, there were even people playing drinking games. Originally, it was supposed to be a meeting place between elegant people, but now it was completely rough and crude. There were even people who did not have fun, and began arguing and shouting…

It was a pit for the singing and dancing girls that were like flowers or jade[6] [7] [8] . In such a scene where the atmosphere was completely spoiled, even a more beautiful dance or song would become like playing the harp to the bull. It was completely pointless, but these were the rules of the restaurant, so they could not leave…

There would occasionally be some crude men that would harass the girls with their mouths, with the girls all enduring it.

Ye Qingyu frowned, shaking his head.

Very quickly, they sat at a table near the window enough for six people. Casually ordering some food and wine, they waited for the arrival of Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan.

The scenery of the window was decent, able to survey from high up. One could observe the terrain around.

Inside the large hall.

The Crepe Myrtle sect belonged to the top six sects of the Snow Empire, so their status was extremely high. When the group entered, it immediately attracted many people's gazes. Out of every table, there were continuously people standing up, greeting, and paying their respects. There was not a lack of flattery…

In this moment, the people of the Crepe Myrtle became the heart of people's gaze on the fourth floor.

A while later, Wei Tianming and his two junior brothers also ascended and also received many greetings.

"So you are the great hero [Flying Heaven Sword] Wei Tianming, I have long heard of your name!" "According to the rumours, hero Wei half a year ago, slaughtered the Black Wind bandits of Flowing Jade Mountain alone, killing a hundred and sixteen people, spreading your fame throughout Jianghu. Today, seeing you, your graceful bearing is really like a celestial being!" "I am the [Wind Chasing Foot] Ma Ben. I have long ago heard of your name; you really are fitting of the name. Hero Wei, we should find an opportunity to get closer later!"

There were many people that stood up, clasping their hands in respect.

This Wei Tianming belonged to the movers and shakers of the third generation of disciples in the Crepe Myrtle sect. In these years of travelling throughout Jianghu, he has had some fame and received the title of [Flying Heaven Sword]. He could be considered the number one figure within the third generation.[9] [10] "No, no, this is just the over praise of various friends. I am ashamed to have such a title, everyone has over exaggerated." Wei Tianming said such words, but in his heart he was extremely pleased with himself and there was a satisfied expression on his face.

Ye Qingyu looked from the side, faintly shaking his head.

The people of Jianghu and the sects liked their fame. Everyone praised everyone; if they did not have any great hatred with each other, when they met they would praise each other to familiarize themselves.

It was just that the group of people on the fourth floor seemed to be largely under the twenty Spirit springs of cultivation. Their actions were crude, and Ye Qingyu, who originally had some expectations for the sect, could not help but be disappointed.

This crowd of people was evidently a disorderly bunch. To want to rely on such people to aid the army in resisting against the Demon Race was really somewhat optimistic. If the situation turned for the worse, such people would become the horse that would cause harm to the rest of the herd[2].

And when Ye Qingyu was thinking such thoughts, there was suddenly someone who came before his table and heavily rapped[11] on his table.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head to look. It was a disciple of the Crepe Myrtle sect.

This disciple from the Crepe Myrtle sect had a look of disdain when he looked at Ye Qingyu. He held a cup of wine in his hand and said, "Hey, little kid, my big brother Wei treats you to a cup of wine."

Ye Qingyu looked towards the seated table.

He could see the Wei Tianming, with the sideburns, was speaking and laughing with several other people of the Jianghu. Instantly they also looked over, the crowd staring at Ye Qingyu, mockery and contempt on their faces. Evidently they could not wait for Ye Qingyu to drink this cup of wine…

Ye Qingyu looked at the cup of wine held in the hands of the Crepe Myrtle sect disciple.

The wine was jade-like and there was a black ink smell that was hard to detect emitting from the surface of the wine. It was tasteless, but was somewhat strange…

There evidently had been something done to the wine.

Perhaps it was poison, perhaps it was a type of drugs, who could know.

Ye Qingyu's heart was really angered through this.

This bunch of stupid people that did not know what's best for them, really did not know how to write the character ‘Death’. To not affect the strategy of the military, he had already avoided creating conflict with the people of the sects, but did they really think he was easy to bully? To intentionally come over and make trouble for him, did they really think he was a pushover? "Take back this cup of wine. Scram and tell that person surnamed Wei to not test the limits of my patience. If he wants to die, then I will fulfill his wishes. What dog fart [Flying Heaven Sword]. A trash that has not even reached twenty Spirit springs; a clown that is self-satisfied over nothing. Coming to Youyan Pass, you had best behave yourself. Otherwise you won't even know how you died."

Ye Qingyu said word by word.

…… [1] Shizhi - nephew relationship but within a sect [2] Chinese idiom for one bad apple spoils the lot

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 184:


Chapter 185 - You are the trash

Ever since Ye Qingyu left White Deer Academy, he had experienced countless life and death battles. Facing experts like Liu Yuancheng, Chen Moyun, he had experienced first-hand the villain of this age; Yan Buhui, faced the crushing pressure of the Snow Dragon King, and even on the snow ice peak, had an exposure to the martial will of the mysterious figure that had slumbered for millions of years. In this short half a year, his experience and encounters were not something that a normal person could imagine. As a result of this, he had formed a powerful will and imposing aura.

Once he was angered, an invisible pressure instantly exploded.

The disciple of the Crepe Myrtle sect who was holding the cup of wine felt a hard to describe force hitting him.

Such a sensation was like facing the Patriarch or the disciplinary elders within the sect. As if he was to say one word more, this terrifying pressure would completely crush him.

This Crepe Myrtle sect disciple did not say anything else, like a duck that had been scared by the storm, was shivering and trembling. He brought his cup of wine and quickly left… "Master, I'll go find someone to take care of this bunch of people who don't know the distance between Heaven and Earth," Bai Yuanxing said angrily.

If not for Ye Qingyu previously holding him back, this White Horse sword slave would have completely exploded with rage.

A bunch of idiots from the sects that don't know how to tell the difference. Using their bad habits that they performed in the Jianghu within Youyan Pass, they really did not know how to live. With Ye Qingyu's status and fame today, he only needed to say a word and it was enough to completely arrest and imprison this group of retards within the military prison and teach them a lesson. At least they would have to waste half their lives away for the elders of the Crepe Myrtle sect to collect them.

"Let's not rush, wait and see." Ye Qingyu faintly shook his head.

If there was not a need, he did not want to enlarge the problem. After all, this would affect the cooperation between the army and the sects. He himself had been in the limelight for far too much recently, and he was already the tree that had grown taller than the forest. If he caused an incident, it could possibly give an opportunity for people who had the appetite to target him.

Bai Yuanxing hearing this, could only sit back down in simmering anger.

At this moment—

Pang!

The sharp sound of a cup of wine breaking on the ground was heard.

The clamour and bustle of the hall on the fourth floor instantly halted. Countless people looked in surprise at the place where the cup had fallen.

It was the table of Wei Tianming and the others.

One could see the previous disciple of the Crepe Myrtle that had come over, was currently standing next to Wei Tianming. He was currently saying something at the same time, as well as pointing to the Ye Qingyu far off. Evidently, he had nothing good to say and was over exaggerating the story…

Wei Tianming's face turned darker and darker.

The person sitting next to him, from his clothing, was not a disciple of the Crepe Myrtle sect. He should belong to the other sects, and should be the friend of Wei Tianming. The person who had thrown the cup to the ground was him.

This person had a slender build with messy yellow hair, a sharp mouth, and a monkey-like chin. He seemed to be around twenty years of age, with viciousness on his face. He fiercely threw the cup to the ground, and after attracting the attention of all parties, stood up with a sound. He slammed his hand onto the table, coldly sneering. "I’ll have to disturb the enjoyment of everyone. I am the [Flying Divine Monkey], Huang Ran. Just now, I have encountered something that I really cannot stand, and broke my cup through being too emotional. I'll first apologize to everyone…"

Saying this, he clasped his hand.

"So it was hero Huang!" "The great name of hero Huang, [Flying Divine Monkey], I have long heard of. The thirty-seven moves of the wind and lightning staff, known as invincible under the twenty Spirit springs, I have long admired."

There was praises and compliments from all around.

It seemed like this Huang Ran was rather famous.

"I wonder just which blind thing it was that dared to incite hero Huang. Why don't you say who it is, so we can all know?” someone intentionally stood up, shouting loudly.

Huang Ran clasped his hand, glancing at Ye Qingyu's direction. With a cold smile, he said, "Today the experts from all the sects in Snow Empire have gathered in Youyan Pass.

Cooperating on a great project, we are answering the call of the great Emperor of Snow Empire, to assist in battle and resist against the Demon Race. I am not enough, but I am willing to aid the great matter of the Human Race in Snow Empire a hand. Even if I die in battle in the Explosive Snow Glacier, I have nothing to say…"

There was a surrounding of applause and praise.

Huang Ran clasped his hands in thanks. Continuing on, "I think that every hero and man here will have the same thinking with me; hot blood in their hands and share the burden of national matters. But there was someone who said such words, that the people of the sects are all trash, not worth mentioning. That they are not enough to succeed but more than qualified to fail. Not only this, they also singled out and insulted senior brother Wei Tianming. I am only a martial brute, but even I cannot stand such humiliation. Therefore I broke the cup just now…"

Before he’d finished.

"Fuck his mother, just what kind of turtle dare say such words?" "That little brat, to dare insult us great heroes. Quickly stand up." "Fuck, whoever said that, scram out in three breaths’ time." "Kneel down and apologize. Otherwise even if it is the Heavens themselves, we will cut them."

It was like scattering a handful of salt in a hot wok of oil, instantly the entire great hall of the fourth hall began boiling. One after another, the people of the sects that thought of themselves as heroes, just how could they accept such humiliation. They stood up one by one, breaking cups and dishes, causing clatter and clamour. Killing intent spread throughout the hall.

The people of the Crepe Myrtle sect, with the black-haired middle-aged man and Nan Ha in the lead were sitting in the table opposite. Hearing this, they also stood up. Hearing someone insult their senior brother Wei Tianming, they were righteously angered, instantly someone wanting to rush out and fight… "Sit down." The middle-aged Shishu lightly ordered.

The Crepe Myrtle disciple was taken back, but seeing the seriousness and anger in the Shishu, all sat down.

Nan Hua glanced at her Shishu, then again looked towards Ye Qingyu's direction. She already understood in her heart, what had largely happened. Between Wei Tianming and the white-robed rich kid, there had already been many small conflicts. It seems like this time, a real fire had been created.

Nan Hua calmly smiled.

Senior brother Wei Tianming had walked the Jianghu for many years. With his experience and methods, it was not something that an idle and useless wealthy kid could compare to. With only a little trick, it was enough to incite the rage of all the people of the sects, pushing this white-robed person into an extreme situation. It seems like that white-robed person was going to be unlucky…

Nan Hua had a pitying expression as she looked at Ye Qingyu.

"If one carefully looks, that white-robed person is somewhat handsome, and his aura is somewhat vigorous." Nan Hua had several looks, and could not help to lightly praise. But her heart will not be moved. She had long passed the stage where someone's outer appearance could charm her. An even greater shell, if they did not have status or power, was only a brocaded pillow. Sooner or later, it would be stomped beneath the feet of others.

She silently sat there, waiting for the development.

At this time, the [Flying Divine Monkey] had already embellished the story, causing the emotions of the entire fourth floor to become extremely impassioned. Dishes and plates broke, as if they were really going to rush out and kill someone. There were even people who unsheathed their swords and blades, stabbing it quivering into the table…

Huang Ran became even more pleased with himself. Coming to Ye Qingyu's table, he pointed at him. "It is this wealthy little brat, a little scrap that doesn't understand anything. He insulted senior brother Wei Tianming personally, insulting everyone…”

Immediately, killing-like gazes like wolves and tigers gathered on Ye Qingyu's body.

If it was a normal person, most likely they would be completely dumbfounded by such a situation.

Ye Qingyu acted as if he had heard nothing at all, lowering his head, he calmly and slowly sipped at his cup of tea.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu had lowered his head, Huang Ran thought that this white-robed youth was afraid. With a cold snort he spoke, "Little thing, are you burying your head into the soil? Today you have to give us an explanation, just who is a trash? Heh heh, what words do you have to say for yourself, what explanation do you have?"

The surroundings were in complete clamour.

Ye Qingyu drank a mouthful of tea, feeling the faint bitter taste swirling around the root of his tongue. Then he looked at the angry and vicious face of Huang Ran. He suddenly had a feeling of wanting to laugh out loud, faintly smiling in a calm manner. "Explanation. Just what do I need to explain?"

Huang Ran was dumbfounded.

Ye Qingyu's reaction was completely different from what he imagined.

On this white-robed youth, he could not see a single shred of fear or worry. But conversely, in his bright eyes, there was mockery and disdain that was not disguised in the slightest.

"You… you dare call us trash, you…" Huang Ran momentum weakened immediately.

Ye Qingyu laughed slightly again, then said in a matter of fact tone, "That's right, I said you people are trash, what about it? Are you not satisfied?"

Once these words were said, all the vicious faces like tigers and wolves in the great hall were all stunned.

What was called arrogance?

What was called overbearing?

This was.

At this moment, nearly every one of the sects in the large hall had the wrong impression, that their actions of throwing their plates to the floor and unsheathing their blades, in front of this calm slight smile of this white-robed young man, was the extremely childish actions of a little kid. It was incomparably laughable.

Far off.

The faint smile on Nan Hua's face also froze.

This white-robed young man…

Did she overlook something?

This pretty young girl from the sect sat in front of a table, lightly asking herself in her heart.

The table next to them.

Wei Tianming and several of his Jianghu friends’ expressions had already changed. They faintly felt something.

At the center of such an atmosphere, the [Flying Divine Monkey] Huang Ran’s expression had completely changed. When Ye Qingyu's reaction was so forceful that it was out of his expectations, even if he was a brute, he would have already noticed something. In such a situation, to be calm like ice, this white-robed young man was definitely not a pushover.

"You… you…" Huang Ran struggled to find words that he could use to regain his face.

At this moment— "Eh? Brother Ye? You were here?" a clear and bright voice travelled over.

It was the military warfare officer Liu Zongyuan, as well as four of his most trusted experts. Coming to the fourth floor and seeing Ye Qingyu, he instantly let out a big grin. "Mad Tiger Wen has long been waiting in a room on the eighth floor. We waited for you for a long time, then we came down to ask the server. He said there was someone with a similar appearance to you who came to the fourth floor. I went to have a look, and you really were here."

Ye Qingyu laughingly greeted him, "Brother Liu!”

Liu Zongyuan had the uniform armour of a military warfare officer which was pitch black, like steel. One glance was enough to see he was a powerhouse who held power within the military, his aura like that of an eagle or a tiger. In his long time within the battlefield, it was unknown just how many demon lifeforms he had killed. His body emitted an ominous aura that shook one's heart, that normal people could hardly detect, but for the people of Jianghu, such a butcher-like aura, they were the most sensitive to. They looked at Liu Zongyuan's behavior, then looked at the armoured experts that had the same bloody chilling aura behind him. Instantly, the colours of everyone from the sects in the large hall completely changed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

