Chapter 737:


Chapter 755 - The [Sword of the South] and the Seven Fingers Race


Bones?

Ye Qingyu was secretly pleased.

Are they also vestiges of the battle?

He promptly walked over and examined them carefully.

"These bones..."
He frowned slightly upon noticing several strange features on these broken bones. Although their basic structure was similar to the Human Race's, they were bigger by many times than those of humans, and even outsized the Brute Race's, which was the tallest and burliest race he had ever seen.

Even weirder was that unlike the white bones of most dead beings, these bones were completely pitch black and emitted a bizarre metallic radiance, appearing as if they were cast from black iron.

Ye Qingyu casually picked up two giant bones which felt like they weighed several tons in his hands, and which gave off a metallic collision sound upon the slightest knock. Careful examination told him that these bones were at least several hundred thousand years old and as solid as divine iron, and that a faint demon qi circulated within.

These bones are from neither humans nor brutes, yet their structure is similar to ours. What race could they be from?

He then examined the fragmented bones all over the ground and found that some were still intact. Seeing that arm and leg bones were present but finding no skulls, a scary thought suddenly popped up in his mind.

Could these be the bones of the God and the Fiendgod Races?

This was one heck of an idea indeed.

Probably not. According to the legends, these two races are naturally everlasting and their exterior appearances are similar to humans', but their bones aren't black... This is certainly weird.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

He proceeded forward along the destroyed walls and rubble and carefully examined the bones scattered in each place. Subsequently, he estimated that six to seven complete skeletons could be put together.

Connecting these discoveries to the battle vestiges he saw in the ruins earlier, he could vaguely guess what had happened in this area - a godlike expert had slain the seven owners of these mysterious skeletons in no time, and the aftermath caused those palaces and pavilions to be destroyed.

Exactly what race are these skeletons from while they were alive?

From the looks of these skeletons, the race must have been so terrifyingly powerful that even Saints were not their match. Thus, the burning question was what kind of heaven-defying expert could have exerted such a powerful blow to kill them all in a single instant.

The more Ye Qingyu thought, the harder his heart palpitated. He then felt an irresistible twitch from the ends of his hair to his fingertips.

In his view, the strength of that expert had certainly attained the Heaven-Defying Realm. Any other expert would have involuntarily felt aghast witnessing the scene that was in front of Ye Qingyu at the moment.

Could it have been those supreme Heaven's pridelings, who have forced their way into the
Door
of Darkness over the past hundred thousand years?

In particular, could it have been that human quasi-emperor Li Xiaofei?

A scene seemed to arise in his mind at this very moment, depicting many legendary characters who had successfully entered the Door of Darkness.

After sweeping another glance across the huge stretch of ruins, he seemed to think of something once again. Revealing a puzzled expression, he muttered to himself, "Strange, I keep feeling that something's missing... did I neglect something?"

Pushing away several collapsed rocks, he carefully examined the place as he walked deeper into the ruins.

Right! The wordless tablets! Where are they?

He suddenly realized something.

In conformity to the layout of all the buildings he had seen along this road, there should be wordless tombstones in the spaces between these palaces. Yet, he had not seen any standing upright in these ruins.

After searching, he finally found two dark gray fractured and overlapping pieces of broken stone at the edge of the ruins. They were indeed similar in material to the wordless tombstones he had seen.

After pushing the broken stone pieces aside, what he saw was all the more shocking.

These stone pieces were indeed broken wordless tombstones. After they were smashed, a meter-wide hole opened up on the ground where the tombstones had stood.

The hole was deep and dark, and, much like a bottomless abyss, there was no indication where it led to.

An extremely intense Yin qi, akin to an age-old ice qi, surged out from the hole, causing one to shudder as if it was from the Ninth Hell's joy at death. Ye Qingyu would have been half-frozen at that very instant when he was near to it if it was not for the fact that he had cultivated ice yuan qi and was protected by the [Supreme Ice Flame] power.

He cautiously drew close to the cave and inspected it carefully.

He soon discovered something new.

"These marks..." He noticed that there were several strange marks, which looked like they had been scratched out by the claws of a wild beast, left on the interior walls of the tombstone hole and on certain parts of the ground. They were easy to miss if one did not look carefully, and appeared increasingly strange and terrifying as he crouched down to scrutinize.
"These marks... huh? Why does it seem as though something... crawled out from within?"

It's as if something scrabbled its way out of the hole. Were those marks left by an undead being from underground?

He tried using his strength to leave a mark on the walls but found that it was very difficult and near-impossible.

Strange.

Terrifying.

He became increasingly fearful as he looked on.

He had an impulse to enter this hole to investigate but ultimately held himself back, for he had sensed that infinite murderous spirit was contained within.

He spent a subsequent period of time flipping through all of the dark gray stones in the ruins.

As he expected, the original positions of the wordless tombstones were buried under these stones and had become large bottomless holes which were more than a meter in diameter. Their interior walls were as crude as those of holes dug by grave robbers and were densely strewn with scratch marks, giving one the feeling that countless demons from the Ninth Hell had frenziedly crawled their way out.

What was even weirder was the fact that there were exactly seven of these tombstone holes!

Seven collapsed tombstones, seven bottomless dark caves, and seven bizarre black skeletons of an unknown origin...

Ye Qingyu's hair stood on end for a while.

He did not believe that this was a coincidence.

Making another connection to the numerous wordless tombstones he had seen along the way, he instantly felt those strange chilly winds blowing like fine needles into his own marrow and bone sutures, and wondered if those black wordless tombstones were suppressing some kind of monster.

If they break their way out of the ground, then...

He had a new impulse to get out of this place as fast as he could.

In the meantime.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who had been standing on the spirit path all this time, walked over.

She stood by Ye Qingyu's side in front of another tombstone with her battle dress and hair fluttering in the wind, her body giving off a mild orchid scent, and the fair skin on her neck shining faintly. It was unfortunate that the looks of this peerlessly attractive person could not be seen, for they were concealed by a bizarre Phoenix mask that added to her mystique.

She stared and scrutinized one of these pitch-black holes for a good while.

Although Ye Qingyu could not see her facial expressions because of the mask, he could perceive that an inexplicable dismay had flashed across her originally chilly eyes.

Several dozen breaths later.

"Let's go." The maiden shifted her gaze and let out a sigh before she turned and walked toward the spirit path.

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth slightly as if he wanted to hold her back and ask her a few questions, but simply nodded to himself the very next moment. Knowing the temperament of this female Heaven's pride, he was unable to ask anything and thus caught up to her in quick steps.

The one thing he could be sure of was that since entering the realm until the present ruins, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's eyes betrayed the fact that she knew something.

The two figures continued walking along the spirit path in a single file for another thirty minutes or so.

Ye Qingyu's gaze suddenly froze.

An even larger stretch of ruins than before appeared no more than a hundred meters to the left of the spirt path!

A giant and complete palm print had been directly stamped on the ground, causing the entire stratum to sink by a full meter, while dozens of palaces and pavilions had collapsed around it. Broken stones and walls were scattered everywhere together with mysterious black skeletons.

This place had apparently also gone through a battle, just like the earlier ruins.

Similarly, a singular palm force had slain the owners of these mysterious skeletons instantly, and the aftermath brought down dozens of high-rise palaces.

Ye Qingyu walked into the ruins and began to inspect it.

Indeed!

There were also large holes which emitted a ghastly chill beneath several collapsed dark gray tombstones. After flipping through and tallying every single tombstone and scattered skeleton, he discovered that their numbers were identical as before.

Judging from the style of the battle, it's clearly the same matchless expert who caused these battle vestiges...

The terrifying power which could burst out instantly from a palm print like this once more allowed Ye Qingyu to feel the dreadful might of the culprit and exceeded the level of strength he could comprehend.

For the subsequent two hours.

The duo remained silent as they advanced along the spirit path.

It seemed as if no matter how long they walked for, the road ahead led endlessly into the darkness.

The more Ye Qingyu walked, the more he was amazed by the expanse of this mysterious plane that was made up of palaces, pavilions, divine statues, and tombstones, which seemed to be boundless.

There are ruins ahead once more...

Only several kilometers removed from the earlier ruins, Ye Qingyu saw that in the distance was an even larger ruin touched by battle which he estimated to cover at least a five-kilometer-area.

The battle which took place there must have been even scarier...

After running his eyes over the ruins, he noticed not only that there were ankle-deep heaps of powdered rock, but also that the buildings which had been battered by the aftermath were completely uprooted.

On the mud layer all around could be seen several large Yin qi-spouting holes which had become exposed after the tombstones were pulverized.

The giant black skeletons which were scattered everywhere were even more fragmented than those before, such that many of them were nearly unidentifiable.

After his inspection, Ye Qingyu slowly walked back onto the spirit path with a thoughtful expression on his face.

Including this one, he had already discovered seventeen battle ruins along the road.

Moreover, on the road that was to come, the battle vestiges, which originally appeared every five kilometers or so, now inevitably appeared within every kilometer.

It was as if these battles took place with a greater frequency in the deeper parts of this plane.

The scale of the collapsed ruins also grew bigger. Ye Qingyu had already passed through two battle ruins which stretched several over a dozen kilometer area and had been subject to a shockingly massive aftermath.

Every time he passed by some ruins, he would carefully examine the marks and clues left behind by the battle.

He gradually realized that although the location, scale, and degree of destruction of the battle in each place were different, there were also several identical signs.

First, judging from the residual aura and the marks created by the culprit, every battle took place a very long time ago that was at least several hundred thousand years before the present.

Furthermore, most of the buildings had been turned into lumps and bits.

In other words, a highly terrifying power had been unleashed during each battle.

This kind of power would not only destroy the Heaven Wasteland Domain with utmost ease but also turn any of the first ten districts of the Black Demon Abyss into ruins in a moment's time.

Given Ye Qingyu's current strength, battling such an expert, who could be said to possess Great Dao-level abilities, would be akin to a river competing with an ocean or a the shine of a distant star competing with the sun.

Besides, at every battle ruin, he saw collapsed tombstones and the holes concealed beneath their fragments, as well as an equivalent number of huge and mysterious black skeletons which emitted a faint demonic aura.

...

On the spirit path.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden unhurriedly walked in front of Ye Qingyu all this time.

Throughout the journey, she would only pause briefly when Ye Qingyu went to inspect the ruins, and would occasionally catch two glimpses of the surrounding buildings.

Most of the time, however, she would simply proceed along the spirit path aimlessly in a calm and relaxed manner, resembling a seclusive fairy who had come for a sightseeing trip.

Ye Qingyu also grew suspicious upon seeing her behavior.

In order to find the large opportunities hidden in the 18th district, those super powerful sects went to great pains and set up all kinds of schemes to open the Doors of Life of the Doors of Darkness using the blood of experts.

However, on the journey thus far, Ye Qingyu had not found any trace of heavenly treasures, save for a boundless stretch of desolate palaces and pavilions and densely packed tombstones, as well as the battle vestiges which appeared along the way.

To put things bluntly, only the Dao essence law-containing lines on those mythological beast sculptures which appeared at the very start could be considered highly beneficial opportunities for cultivation.

Yet, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not even take a side glimpse at those sculptures when she passed by.

This could only mean that she was looking for something else.

Of course, despite being baffled by her behavior, Ye Qingyu did not ask her anything, knowing that he would simply be rebuffed.

Furthermore, he was currently preoccupied with the fact that the further he walked, the likelier that some unexpected danger would be lurking, if the increasingly frequent appearance of the battle vestiges was anything to go by.

...

Thirty minutes later.

"These ruins..."
Pausing his footsteps and peering at the distance, a shock abruptly emerged in his eyes.

Ahead of him was yet another battle ruin, which precursors along the divine way could be said to have been turned upside down and destroyed. Yet, these particular ruins that stretched close to a hundred kilometers were in such a tragic state that his heart skipped a beat just looking at them.

All of the buildings within this stretch of ruins had been violently brought down, leaving huge stones and volcanic ash-like powder scattered everywhere. It looked as though an earthquake had taken place here.

Residual aura gently undulated like ripples in the air above.

Even though tens of thousands of years had gone by, a terrifying ancient power still filled the air.

Furthermore, Void rifts which resembled strips of broken cloth had been torn in between the multiple pervasive layers of energy ripples.

Extremely strange wisps of evil qi and cruel qi twined around these rifts, causing one to feel inexplicably fearful.

Ye Qingyu stood beside the ruins and inspected for some time before he walked toward the middle of the battlefield while carefully running his eyes across the collapsed buildings in all directions.

He noticed that, on the far side of the battlefield, there were several collapsed buildings whose rubble was different from those in the previous ruins.

Some of the stones were relatively intact and could be vaguely identified as the main body of towers and palaces. They had been neatly cleaved by a large and sharp weapon that delivered a moment's worth of absolute force. Some other towers and pavilions by the roadside had their top halves sliced off while giant claw marks could be seen on the remaining bottom half.

Ye Qingyu walked up beside a collapsed wall which had more than a meter left still standing and examined it closely. He noticed that traces of an extremely ancient demonic aura lingered among the broken stones.

Just then...

Why, that's...

His countenance turned cold as his eyes were lost among the ruins.

He was gazing fixedly at the centermost part of the battlefield in the distance.

There's someone over there!

To put things more descriptively, it was a figure sitting cross-legged on a ten-meter-odd black rock in the middle of the ruins.

It was tall and upright, and its body seemed to be that of a human from afar. It wore ancient, dark-colored armor and battle garments, and its hoary hair which was several dozen meters long drooped down to the ground below while fluttering gently in the wind. An extremely strange sight it was indeed.

The person simply sat silently and motionlessly like a statue.

However, Ye Qingyu was certain that it was not a statue.

For the first time since entering the 18th district, he at long last saw a complete figure, and one that seemed to be living.

He began to tense up inwardly.

He drew closer to it step after step.

The closer he got, the clearer he could see.

It was indeed a human figure.

The only problem was that the figure's face was unidentifiable as it was concealed by the thick and long hoary hair. From afar, all that could be seen was that the figure was sitting on a rock mound heaped together from tiny bits and powder, and that an indistinct power lingered around it like gently floating ripples.

Is he alive?

Who could it be?

Could it be the person who destroyed the ancient fiendgod cities and massacred their inhabitants, leaving behind all these ruins?

Ye Qingyu was bewildered.

After hesitating for several breaths' worth of time, he decided to continue walking over to the figure.

He paused his footsteps once more when he reached within approximately fifty meters of the person.

"Senior?"

He did not dare to impetuously get too close to the figure in the middle of the battlefield. Instead, he stood several dozen meters away beside the broken walls of a palace and probed cautiously.

But the figure did not respond to him.

A wind blew softly.

The long hair fluttered.

No sound.

"Senior... senior?" Ye Qingyu tried again after a brief hesitation.

But there was still no response.

Sitting motionlessly where it was, the figure did not offer any response no matter how Ye Qingyu probed. There was also not the slightest change to its figure or the energy lingering around it.

"He's already dead,"  voice which was calm, chilly, and toneless was heard.

It was a sudden utterance of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Ye Qingyu was taken slightly aback.

Dead?

Surely that can't be?

Why is there an aura lingering around it if so?

He took a glance at the Celestial Phoenix Maiden to make sure that she was not kidding. Then, clenching his teeth, he walked briskly to the center of the battlefield and discovered upon careful examination that there was indeed no sign of a pulse or breath of life in the body of this human-like being.

He's dead for real.

And has been that way for many, many years.

However, Ye Qingyu became more and more astounded as he gazed at the body. Although there was no sign of life within, an extremely powerful yuan qi continued to undulate and circulate in the body indistinctly.

How is this possible?

Gosh, how terrifying must this person's strength have been when he was alive for such a powerful aura to remain even after his death?

A tinge of respect showed in his eyes.

A windy sound was heard as a breeze which gave off a faint purple mist swept delicately across the figure.

The breeze brushed against the figure's hair.

The hoary hair was raised, allowing the duo to see the face of the mysterious dead person.

It belonged to a young expert.

The lean and well-defined face had brows that arched like the contours of distant hills, a high and sharp nose, and cherry-colored lips. It had the calmness of a deity, and although its eyes were gently closed, there was an elegance and a nobility in its bearing.

In particular, spring-like drops of mist circulated within an aqua-blue, needlepoint-sized forehead mole which was replete with spiritual essence, as if it was the origin of all things.

The figure's face did not show the slightest sign of decay, and a blood color could still be seen through the skin.

It seemed as though, rather than being dead, he had fallen into an eternal sleep.

The sound of the wind grew louder.

As the gale brushed against the long hair, the dark-colored armor on the figure's body also came into full view.

The surface of the scale armor was engraved with inscriptions of an ancient era, while wisps of indistinct formations of water marks and auras circulated within. Although it was damaged, Ye Qingyu could still feel its former might from the strands of energy and aura within.

Lowering his sight, Ye Qingyu noticed a saber at the waist of the mysterious figure.

-

It was more than three feet in length and half a foot in width, and dark blue lines were engraved on its blade. Two gems which gave off a watery splendor were also inlaid on its scaly hilt.

Two phalanx-sized words were carved on the middle section of the scabbard.

This is... Lan... Li?

Lan Li?

The sword is called the [Sword of the South]?

The person is called Lan Li?

Ye Qingyu was somewhat puzzled.

He did not remember a person named Lan Li appearing in the legends that depicted the supreme talents who had entered the 18th district, and had never heard of a divine weapon called the [Sword of the South].

Moreover, he vaguely noticed that, unlike the armor which had decayed, broken, and lost its spiritual qi, the longsword still contained a completely intact formation aura whose power continued to throb tremendously. Evidently, the longsword had remained undamaged and preserved its original appearance despite the corrosion of time.

It was certainly not of a common origin.

He gazed fixedly at the sword for a long time, but the instant he shifted his eyes away, he was taken abruptly aback.

What? Are those... seven fingers?

To his consternation, there were seven fingers attached to each hand propped on the mysterious expert's knees!

The Seven Fingers Race?!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 738:


Chapter 756 - Great Emperor Weapons?


Ye Qingyu's vision became blurred just as he was astounded by the discovery of the mysterious figure's race.

An intense beam of blue light streaked across like a meteor.

Caught in a trance, he saw the Seven Fingers Race elder open his eyes slightly.

Has he awakened?

He blinked his eyes forcibly.

When his vision regained clarity, he discovered that the figure remained sitting quietly as if deep in sleep, completely unchanged.

"What's... going on?" He was perturbed.

That moment earlier was definitely not a hallucination.

But why...

Right at this moment...

An extremely strange and vicissitudinous voice suddenly popped up in his mind.

"I'm Liu Jing of the Seven Fingers Race. Young man, I've detected the aura of the Seven Fingers Race on your body... I've been waiting here for one hundred thirty thousand years... The day when a descendant of my race comes here has finally arrived..."

Filled with vicissitudes, the voice sounded intermittent, and it was hard for Ye Qingyu to tell if it was speakingin his ears or his mind.

Could this be... the corpse of the Seven Fingers Race ancestor talking?

He was terribly startled.

"Senior... Were you... waiting for... me?"

Perhaps out of instinct or a fortunate piece of wisdom, he suddenly became aware of the trail of blue light, which might have enabled him to hear the voice after it slipped into his mind. However, he could not figure out what it was exactly.

Just then, the voice sounded once more.

But not to answer Ye Qingyu's question.

"May I please trouble you to bring the [Lan Li Sword] back to the Seven Fingers Race and deliver it to my descendants? For them, seeing the [Lan Li Sword] will be as good as seeing their master, and they'll certainly reward you heavily."

Subsequently, the strange voice gradually subsided. Those final words felt like a gradually fading breeze that pulled away from Ye Qingyu's mind, yet at the same time seemed to fuzzily resound from the valleys which were a kilometer away.

"Senior... senior?" Ye Qingyu probed.

However, there was no longer a voice in his mind.

He let out a soft sigh inwardly.

By this time, he already understood that this magnificent expert of the Seven Fingers Race had been waiting for more than a hundred thousand years after his physical death with a single obsession, and that was to protect the [Lan Li Sword], hoping that it would one day return to the hands of his people.

Unfortunately, as they say, everything changes over time, and mishaps often happen.

The expert had no way of knowing that the Seven Fingers Race was near extinction, leaving only Ge Ming, the wanted criminal of the Alliance of Domains, and Shui Xiu, the sensible and clever young girl.

After a brief silence, Ye Qingyu turned once more to face the body sitting on the rock.

After respectfully saluting, he solemnly promised with a matching expression on his face, saying, "Please be assured, senior. Junior will definitely return this sword to the hands of the Seven Fingers Race."

As soon as he spoke.

A strange scene developed.

In front of his eyes, the body, which had been in deep sleep for more than a hundred thousand years and, like a diamond, had not corroded or gone bad, suddenly turned into thin wisps of smoke, as though it had been dissolved by a strange power, and dissipated into the Void.

Only the [Lan Li Sword] laid quietly on the rock, revealing an indescribable hint of desolation and loneliness.

After keeping the sword into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu turned and walked toward the spirit path.

While on the way out, he noticed yet another strange phenomenon.

Some of the tombstones around this stretch of ruins had been newly added.

But upon closer inspection, he could still see distinct dig marks on their outer edges.

Like the earlier graves which had huge openings, they seemed as if something had crawled out from within.

And, judging from the rocks piled up on the surface of the graves, it seemed as if something had filled up the holes.

Even more amazing was that the originally fractured tombstones were self-restoring and growing at an extremely slow and imperceptible rate, as if they possessed the vitality of plants.

Ye Qingyu's hair increasingly stood on end as he observed what was happening.

However, there remained nothing that was worthy of further study based on the various vestiges he had discovered.

With no other choice, he quick-stepped his way back on to the spirt path and followed the Celestial Phoenix Maiden in proceeding ahead.

On the subsequent journey, Ye Qingyu continued to see quite a few ruins in which battle vestiges were left behind.

Moreover, compared to the previous ones, these ruins were closer to one another and were larger in terms of the extent and area of damage caused by the battle.

Having seen so many of them, Ye Qingyu gradually became inured to seeing more battle ruins along the way, much like the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Four hours later.

Walking along the spirit path, he could not help but become suspicious once again.

The Door of Life that stems from the  Door of Darkness would be open for no more than three days, and thus time could be said to be pressing.

It had been more than half a day since they entered the 18th district, yet the Celestial Phoenix Maiden still sauntered along without any urgency, as if she was a noble young lady who had come for a stroll.

Is it possible that she's not interested in the opportunity left behind by the martial emperor?

Or is she overly confident that nobody would be able to find it before her?

Ye Qingyu completely could not understand her way of doing things.

Another two hours passed.

Appearing in their field of vision was yet another battlefield which had a vast affected area.

Compared to the earlier ruins, the damage done to this battlefield was even more serious. All of its buildings and stone walls had been pulverized, such that it looked like a desert on which black sand and stones had gathered. However, what attracted Ye Qingyu's attention was not the battlefield itself but something in its midst...

A halberd with an exquisite and peculiar model was standing on a collapsed black rock, which was big enough for three or four people to stand on and had knife-sharp edges, at the centermost of the desert.

It was three meters in height, of which more than two meters were exposed above the rock it had been stuck into.

Circling on top of its crimson and perfectly upright body was a lifelike sculpture of a golden dragon whose scales gave off a dazzling golden light. On its back were extremely well-defined fins which were fanned out as if to withstand a harsh wind.

Its pose was that of an ascending and roaring dragon.

With its mouth wide open, it looked as though it was swallowing the center of the universe, and a blood-colored trident emerged from within.

From afar, one could see that the blood-colored light on the halberd was gleaming endlessly, as if some strange and terrifying essence and blood had been frozen within.

Ye Qingyu's attention had been attracted by this halberd in an instant.

This was because the halberd possessed an incomparably bizarre aura which simply caused one to shudder.

"My gosh, is this an Emperor weapon?"

He could not believe his eyes at all.

If it was indeed an Emperor weapon, then this was certainly an opportunity like no other.

Meanwhile, he also noticed something else which was very weird.

A golden dragon claw was clutching the halberd.

Entirely covered in a sand-like golden light which circulated endlessly and made it seem as though formed from golden sand, the dragon claw had apparently been chopped off from its owner.

Stranger still was that despite being chopped off, the dragon claw alone emitted an immense power which was even more shocking than any other formation or treasure that had been seen among the battle vestiges. It was as if a martial emperor had descended and used the dragon claw as the center from which to spread an extremely odd and invisible force field in all directions of the Void. Completely different from all other energy waves in the entire plane, the force field formed a protective ring-like boundary and safeguarded the halberd within.

It was only by using his divine sense that Ye Qingyu was able to see that light rays which resembled strands of golden hair were encircling the surroundings.

He seemed somewhat spellbound as he stared at the dragon claw on the halberd.

This scene had made him feel fearful.

"This is a force field which was formed from the residual energy of the self-destruction of an expert whose strength was close to the pinnacle of the Great Saint level."

Standing to one side, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden suddenly spoke up, albeit she was gazing at the distance and seemed more like she was talking to herself.

Ye Qingyu was shocked upon hearing this.

Pinnacle of the Great Saint level?

A Great Saint pinnacle expert was this strong?

"This halberd is the ancestral weapon of the Dragonblood Dynasty of former times." With eyes that remained indifferent, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden looked at the halberd as if it was a most ordinary weapon.

The Dragonblood Dynasty?!

Ye Qingyu received another shock.

The legends he had heard regarding the Dragonblood Dynasty rapidly popped up in his mind.

It was said that among the myriad domains was an ancient one called the Dragonblood Domain which possessed several hundred thousand years of history.

The only race which governed this domain was the Dragonblood Dynasty, which was the offspring derived from both the Dragon and the Human Races.

Because the imperial family had inherited a considerable amount of dragon blood in their bodies, their progeny turned out to be highly and diversely gifted and extraordinarily strong. With the addition of the ancestral weapon which could be considered a secondary Emperor weapon, they had been renowned and the dominant race of their domain for the past million years. However, ever since losing the ancestral weapon some hundred thousand years ago, their strength was severely diminished like a dragon that had lost its claws and thus they began to decline among the myriad domains.

"The one who self-destructed could be the Dragonblood War Emperor, who had forcefully broken through the Door of Darkness to enter this plane. He preserved an obsession on the broken arm and generated a force field so as to safeguard the ancestral weapon of their race." The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's head had turned to look in a different direction as she spoke in a faint voice. "You can gain some good karma by taking this halberd and returning it to the Dragonblood Dynasty."

After a brief consideration, Ye Qingyu felt that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's advice made sense and thus was about to extract the halberd when he suddenly paused.

He turned his head toward her and asked, "If there's good karma to be earned, why aren't you interested in taking it?"

However, the fairy-like figure who was dressed in a set of purple battle garments seemed not to hear him and willfully turned to leave this stretch of ruins.

Ye Qingyu felt somewhat helpless toward this haughty and apathetic fairy who he became increasingly mystified by.

Standing in front of the halberd, he remained still for a few breaths before jumping onto the rock and reaching his hand out to take the weapon.

However, the dragon body that circled at the top of the halberd burst forth a horrifying power which pushed back his palm just as it was about to make contact.

A tremendous bout of pain traveled from the skin on his purlicue into his marrow before spreading all over his arms in an instant.

He was left surprised and unable to understand why this was happening.

He then seemed to think of something and understood why. With an earnest expression on his face, he respectfully bowed toward the weapon and said, "Junior's actions today are absolutely not for his own selfish gain or out of greed for the relic of the Dragonblood Race. Instead, he seeks to fulfill senior's wish and return the halberd to its hometown. May senior please be assured."

A bizarre change took place as soon as he spoke.

The surging power that lingered all around seemed to be completely absorbed and abruptly converged into a cyclone that then entered the Void, causing all of the force field's aura to dissipate without a trace.

The dragon claw turned into glistening golden powder and slowly melted like snow under a flame before blending into the halberd completely.

When all of these strange phenomena had run their course, Ye Qingyu reached his hand out to grab the halberd once more. No terrifying feedback force sprang up this time, and the ancestral weapon seemed as though it had gone into dormancy.

"This is indeed the ancestral weapon passed down..."

Hefting the halberd in his hand, he realized that it was very wieldy in terms of weight and feel. Although it had become inert, he could still sense the apocalyptic power contained within.

After he kept the halberd in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he exited the battlefield and chased after the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

However, he did not notice that an astonished expression finally appeared in the latter's pupils after she saw that he had really retrieved the Dragonblood halberd.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 739:


Chapter 757 - A Familiar Head


The sights and sounds of the road ahead were not much different from those earlier.

The boundless ancient fiendgod city seemed as though its end could never be reached. Pavilions, palaces, and divine sculptures were everywhere, together with those strange, black, and chilly tombstones which Ye Qingyu could by this time already confirm to be hiding some massive and frightening secret beneath.

He had seen countless bizarre battle vestiges along the journey.

A majority of them were in an extremely tragic state. Both clashing parties had been turned into ashes and smoke and did not leave any traces, and the tombstones either collapsed or were left half standing, the latter of which, in particular, were extremely weird and seemed to have a life of their own. The holes beneath them were apparently filled outside in, as if devils from the Ninth Hell had pushed up gravel from deep underground to fill up the open grave.

There were also several battle vestiges whose situations were weird.

In one particular place, the billowing demonic aura had formed a giant shield that shrouded over a perimeter of one kilometer. One could vaguely see that within this shield, there was a huge Demon Race flag fluttering in the wind and a headless knight riding on a bone dragon which stood quietly in the distance with half of its body sunk into the sand, evidently already dead. Yet, outsiders were completely unable to get within this demonic aura shield.

There was another place which was pervaded by a terrifying murderous spirit and seemed as though the blade of a peerless sword was flickering in the Void above. From far away, Ye Qingyu saw that there were no vestiges in that place save for a rusty and broken sword which floated in the Void ten meters above ground, with its sword light disappearing and reappearing like a shooting star in a disorderly fashion, turning the area into an invisible and horrid Asura's battlefield.

Given Ye Qingyu's strength, it would be absolutely difficult for him to handle this level of sword radiance.

Many of these places had several vestiges which had been directly sealed by a strange and scary power or encircled by a bizarre and colorful splendor. Often, even the Void had been locked, such that one could not see what was inside, albeit one's heart would palpitate as a result of the aura that spread from within. The Celestial Phoenix Maiden would choose to pass around these places every time, while Ye Qingyu also did not want to take insensible and unnecessary risks.

A day passed by in the blink of an eye.

The Door of Life would only be opened for a total of three days. This meant that less than two-thirds of the initial time remained.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed to not be the least bit worried.

As if letting things take their natural course, she rambled through the maze-like ancient fiendgod city and proceeded along each ancient spirit path aimlessly. She might as well be walking with her eyes closed given the way she casually turned a corner here and changed her direction there. Although Ye Qingyu found this odd, he held himself back each time he had an urge to ask her what she was looking for.

"Do you feel it?"

She turned back and asked suddenly.

Like at the start of the adventure into the 18th district, this question was baffling, vague, and sudden.

With a blank look, Ye Qingyu subconsciously commented, "Feel what..."

However, his expression abruptly changed before he finished speaking.

Because he suddenly felt the surging of a familiar and intimate warm current.

"That's..." Deeply astonished, he revealed a disbelieving look on his face.

This was because the source of the warm current was none other than the military medal.

The heroic brass military medal which his father left him.

At this moment, the military medal, which was mildly shining in an orange splendor, gave off a warm feeling which Ye Qingyu could not be more familiar with and was as distinct as during the two occasions when he entered the imperial priest temple of the Snow Empire.

This... Why is this happening?

He found this quite unbelievable.

So weird.

It made sense for the military medal to change while in the imperial priest temple because father had explained its inner workings. But what exactly is going on for it to do the same here, in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss? How could something like this happen in the Chaotic Ruins Domain? This isn't the Heaven Wasteland Domain, for crying out loud.

And why here of all places?

Could this military medal be hiding some unknown secret?

His expression was one of shock and uncertainty.

Seeing his expression change, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden repeated plainly, "So, do you feel it now?"

With a twitch, Ye Qingyu regained his senses.

Could she be referring to the change occuring to the military medal?

This is absurd. How does she know that I have such a military medal? And even so, how can she be so certain that it would change like this in the 18th district? Is she a prophet?

At this time, he vaguely felt that she had an ulterior motive for insisting that he serve as her bodyguard, and that she must have plotted something before entering the Door of Life.

He also wondered if the bald fatty Sheng Yan had noticed something, and thus cottoned up to him among so many others.

Doubts flashed across his mind.

The more he thought, the more afraid he became.

"Don't think too much. I bear you no ill will." The maiden seemed to have read his mind as she spoke in the same delicate and chilly tone.

He shot a glance at her.

Concealed beneath the Phoenix mask, her face could not be seen clearly at all.

However, for some unknown reason, Ye Qingyu subconsciously felt that this female Heaven's pride was true to her word and bore him no malice.

"I felt it a little," he therefore answered in an ambiguous manner.

"Oh, alright then. Please lead the way," she said plainly without asking further.

After thinking for a moment, he took out the military medal and clutched it firmly in his palm. Feeling the warmth from within it, he chose a direction and walked down the spirit path.

Similar to the two situations while he was in the imperial priest temple, the military medal would only emit heat when he was walking in a particular direction. Otherwise, the warmth would gradually dissipate.

He had no idea where the military medal would lead him to.

However, he felt that he had to give it a good try.

He believed that it must be for an important matter that the military medal would change like this. And since he needed to solve the mystery of his own identity, he could not afford to pass up such an alteration.

Moreover, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not have the least bit of doubt.

Like a shadow, she quietly followed behind him without urging or asking anything.

Another two hours later.

Gradually, Ye Qingyu noticed that there were finally some unexpected changes to the scene around him - the lofty divine sculptures and palaces grew fewer and fewer in numbers, while the black tombstones became even more densely packed than before. The place seemed like a stretch of black jungle which caused one's heart to palpitate.

The wind in the Void seemed to blow more harshly.

By this stage, the battle vestiges were becoming fewer.

Even the spirit path was gradually becoming narrower from its previous width of ten meters, such that several kilometers ahead, it became only about a meter wide, much like a small farm track. Amid the densely packed black tombstones, the plain white spirit paths brought to mind a spider web which was most strange.

"Follow along and do not step out of the spirit path."

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden's voice sounded once more.

After a brief daze, Ye Qingyu immediately understood what she meant - he would be relatively safe as long as he followed along the spirit path, but if he ever stepped out, dangerous things might happen.

The military medal in his palm became hotter and hotter.

Ye Qingyu continually adjusted his direction according to its alterations, and would test out the different routes whenever he arrived at a fork.

Another two hours or so later.

The buildings on both sides of the half-meter wide spirit path had completely disappeared.

They were replaced by a boundless stretch of black tombstones.

These endless layers of tombstones resembled a black ocean or a black pine forest, and their hues betrayed their incomparable oppression. Whenever the increasingly rapid and strong winds blew across and collided with these tombstones, a strange noise that sounded like the low cries of myriad wronged ghosts would ring out, causing one's hair to stand on end.

At some unknown time, the magical array of stars had disappeared, seemingly obscured by the dark clouds overhead.

A disquieting aura pervaded the place.

Instinct informed Ye Qingyu that things were about to happen.

Indeed, he soon smelled a faint trace of blood.

It came from the wind.

Previously, no smell of blood had suffused from any of the battle vestiges, the strange scenes, or the frightening power that lingered in the Void. This was because the belligerent parties had died many years ago, leaving nothing but ruins.

However, the smell of blood was very distinct this time.

This was certainly not another stretch of ruins.

Instead, some being had just died.

An anxiety grew in Ye Qingyu's heart.

After proceeding several kilometers forward, he suddenly paused his footsteps.

In front of him, a human head was neatly placed on top of a three-meter-odd tall black tombstone at the edge of the narrow spirit path. Flowing slowly from his facial orifices, dark red blood soaked the black tombstones below and circulated around the strange grooves. Then, as if igniting some kind of weird pattern, they seemed to be absorbed into the tombstones. The horrified look on Ye Qingyu's face had completely frozen...

Is it really him?

Ye Qingyu was dumbstruck.

He knew who the owner of this head was.

Just a day ago on the Fierce Beast Peak, there were two Immortal Step realm pinnacle experts who successfully contended for entry from the Sky Meteor Sect. Aside from Tian Huayu of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, the other person was the owner of this head. During the contest, he displayed tremendous strength and defeated six or seven experts of the same stage as him in no time to obtain one of the entries.

But now...

Who would have thought that such a powerful Immortal Step realm pinnacle being would die in this place.

Moreover, only his head was left, while his body had gone missing.

Judging from the terrified expression on his face, one could only wonder what happened here earlier.

Following along the spirit path, Ye Qingyu quickly drew near to the tombstone.

The closer he got, the stronger the smell of blood in the air became. The expression on the head also seemed to grow even more ferocious and began to resemble that of a devil from hell.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 740:


Chapter 758 - Hurricane Lilies


A bleeding head with a savage look placed on an ancient tombstone...

This was a sight that was simply too hair-raising.

Following along the edge of the spirit path, Ye Qingyu drew near to carefully examine it.

It's indeed that Immortal Step realm pinnacle expert whose strength was unparalleled. How did he die here?
This was the first thought to pop up in his mind. Unfortunately, he was unable to determine the cause of death, for he had only the head and a messy wound on the neck to go on. However, after a close inspection, he noticed that the mouth corners were askew and the other facial features were angulated as if someone had squeezed them together, resulting in an awfully hideous visage.

He scrutinized the expression on the expert...

Both of his eyes were wide open with frozen pupils and looked terrified like never before at first glance. Together with the other facial features, the expression looked like that of a fierce ghost.

However, after studying the eyes for a while longer, Ye Qingyu discovered an even stranger phenomenon.

A tinge of extreme fury and disbelief seemed to remain in their depths.

Finding this odd, Ye Qingyu went into thought.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden, who had been following behind him all this time, also looked at the eyes without saying anything.

Because she had warned not to step off the spirit path, Ye Qingyu did not go right up to the head to examine it. After some consideration, he eventually turned his body and left.

However, seeing this head caused the riddle in his heart to grow even bigger.

Several kilometers later.

The smell of blood that pervaded all around the Void did not dissipate at all, and instead became even more intense than before.

That's a... a severed limb...

Ye Qingyu's gaze suddenly froze.

He again discovered a few broken arms and fragmented bodies among the tombstones beside the spirit path.

These limbs seem like they were ripped off by a wild beast...

As he observed the body parts scattered everywhere, he realized that the ends of the broken limbs were awfully hideous, as if they had been ripped apart by some frightening power. All of the essence and blood that flowed out of these body parts followed a highly bizarre route and seeped into the tombstones, giving the impression that a force was absorbing them. The bloodied and torn pieces of clothing that were wrapped around these limbs and parts indicated that they belonged to the same person as the head.

The Immortal Step realm expert died a truly tragic death.

The physical body of an Immortal Step realm being should be relatively tough and comparable to a divine weapon, yet this expert was torn apart like a piece of rag. Exactly what kind of assailant could have done this?

Ye Qingyu then discovered something which perplexed him even more  - while the head, limbs, and body fragments of the expert had been found, the viscera had strangely disappeared.

The military medal in his hand became increasingly hot, as if it had detected something.

Clutching what seemed to have become a ball of flame, Ye Qingyu hesitated for a while before following its directions.

By now, the spirit path had become very narrow and could barely allow one person to pass through at a time.

Two hours later.

Ye Qingyu suddenly paused his footsteps and stared astoundedly at a large stretch of tombstones to the left of the spirit path.

There was, once again, a head with a ferocious and terrifying expression and eyes which revealed anger at their depths placed on top of one of the black tombstones that stood tall in the distant stele forest.

It’s him... Yet another dead Immortal Step realm expert.
Ye Qingyu recognized the owner of the head at first glance.

Priest Yu Sheng, the [Wisdom School] sect master who had defeated seven Immortal Step realm experts with one flick of his knife in the arena of the Fierce Beast Peak and thereby obtained one of the precious spots given out by the Sinful Pit, had also died in this plane.

Ye Qingyu was very shocked.

There hasn’t been any battle vestige along the way, so how exactly did these two Immortal Step realm experts die?

He felt that the situation had become even stranger than before.

However, unable to pause any longer, he continued on his way.

Several kilometers ahead, he found the broken limbs and body parts of the priest scattered on the roadside.

The situation was practically the same as the previous time.

Even more eerily similar was that the priest’s body had also been dug hollow such that all of his viscera were missing, leaving not even a smidgen.

What exactly has happened? The death states of these Immortal Step realm experts are simply too odd. They almost look like ordinary humans who were dismembered by wild beasts... but how can there be wild beasts here? This whole place is so empty and doesn’t even have any breath of life... and there doesn’t seem to be any murderous spirit either.

Ye Qingyu was even more bewildered.

After walking for another hour or so.

The sights of the ancient fiendgod city finally began to change as the black ocean-like forest of tombstones gradually became rare.

After another thirty minutes.

The black forest of tombstones completely disappeared.

Not a single black tombstone could be seen within several hundred meters, to be replaced by... a sea of flowers?

As he walked forth rapidly, Ye Qingyu could not believe his eyes.

The spirit path, which became as narrow as a piece of string, finally reached its end.

Having left the sea of tombstones behind, the terrain ahead was visually comfortable and relaxing to an extreme. Growing on the gentle terrain were many slender, upright small flowers whose petals curled like the claws of an angry dragon. In full bloom, the petals of these densely packed flowers appeared red, as though they had been soaked in fresh blood.

Ye Qingyu trotted off the spirit path.

All of the tombstones had completely disappeared. Within Ye Qingyu’s field of vision, the ground on both sides of the spirit path instead became endlessly and densely filled with red flowers.

As he looked across, the sea of blossoming flowers resembled tens of thousands of connected red clouds which colored the plains into a luxurious red brocade.

The originally gloomy and spiritless environment thus became fresh and lively in a twinkling.

Crouching down, he revealed yet another astonished expression on his face after carefully examining the red flowers.

Are
these... hurricane lilies?

Hurricane lilies were the flowers of death.

According to legend, these were the reception flowers that bloomed on the banks of the Sanzu River and the opposite bank of the Lethe in the underworld to guide and comfort the souls that left the human world.

Why are there so many flowers of death growing here? Could this place actually be Hell?

It should be known that this kind of flower was said to only be capable of surviving in Hell.

Ye Qingyu felt his entire being turn ice-cold.

Could the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss actually be the world of death?

Hell is actually real?

He felt utterly mind-boggled.

Was... the road we walked upon... the Yellow Spring Road?!

He laughed bitterly.

What does it mean when a living person walks through the road of death?

A gentle wind blew, causing the red flowers to sway and flutter.

The sea of hurricane lilies was full of demonic charm and strange blood-colored beauty.

“Let’s proceed forth.” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden’s voice broke the silence. “There won’t be any danger here for three days. We have to hurry, there seem to be people ahead of us already.”

She urged Ye Qingyu.

The latter peered at her, not knowing what he should say.

You were the one who dawdled like a tourist all the way.

The military medal in his hand continued to emit a scorching hot energy as if it was a ball of fire. This degree of heat was even more distinct than when he was heading toward the priest temple of the Snow Empire, and was simply too abnormal. Remaining silent while following the military medals directions, he increased his speed and trodded on the hurricane lilies as he advanced frenziedly.

There were doubts in his heart.

He hoped that the military medal would eventually provide an answer to everything.

Another thirty minutes passed.

The duo had surprisingly made several thousand kilometers worth of progress.

Throughout this journey, all they saw was a vast and hazy sea of blood-red hurricane lilies, a beautiful sight indeed.

A tombstone was standing tall on a gentle mountainous region at the end of this sea of hurricane lilies.

Ye Qingyu was flabbergasted by what he saw.

This was because the tombstone was simply too large.

Unimaginably large.

To use a simple analogy, if the previous tombstones in the ancient fiendgod city and the tombstone forest were the size of a toothpick, then the tombstone in front of him could be considered a ten thousand foot tall building.

This giant tombstone was at least tens of kilometers tall, such that its top was concealed within the blood-red mist. Resembling a giant red sword, it seemed to be bearing down on the two figures standing on the spirit path, causing them to look on in awe.

Its aesthetic style was no different from the outer appearance of the smaller tombstones. Its body was also completely black with a blood-red mist wound around, as if it was coated in a layer of flowing blood. One could vaguely see through the mist that the tombstone was bestrewn with curious Fiendgod Age lines which were primitive and seemingly knife-carved. The rough texture on all of its sides suggested that it had experienced many years of vicissitudes and was heavily weathered. There were no special patterns or totems engraved on it, albeit there seemed to be a few vague, strange black veins like those of a vine or a spiderweb.

From afar, the black rock tombstone could be seen to be emitting a trace of an extremely weird aura.

We’ve already walked through the sea of hurricane lilies, but there’s still no sight of the Yellow Spring Road... hmm, could this tombstone be the Temple of Hell?
Even though Ye Qingyu had experienced countless weird stuff, he nevertheless began to feel nervous after seeing the scene in front of him and connecting it with everything that had happened earlier.

Since ancient times, the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss had been one of the most inauspicious and dangerous places in the universe. Numerous ambitious notables had perished here, and even Quasi-emperors had been unable to get out after entering. Ye Qingyu was suddenly a little regretful for coming here and putting himself at risk.

“On that tombstone... seem to be words...” The Celestial Phoenix Maiden sounded like she was muttering to himself.

A strange radiance circulated on her Phoenix mask, emitting bouts of mist that suffused toward the giant tombstone. Resembling colorful Phoenix wings, they looked as though they wanted to bring the giant tombstone over, and also seemed like they were absorbing something from within. An extremely weird power, vast and boundless in vigor, emanated from the mask.

There are words?

Ye Qingyu was briefly dazed.

Purple lightning coiled around his eyes as he used his chaotic thunder liquid to enhance his vision. Looking across, two beams of purple light which were wrapped in electric current perforated the Void and shot toward the peak of the mountain range in the distance.

On the black stone tablet that stood tall on the mountain top.

The mist split apart.

Two lines of a strange script gradually appeared...

“If Heaven did not send Qin Ming, the ages would have been like a long night.”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

