Chapter 401:


They had no way of explaining the sight before their eyes.

Yan Hengshui's tragic situation spoke to the fact that the consciousness within the Spirit monkey statue had not yet left. But then why was the newly appointed Lord able to ascend on the floating stone steps without any restriction?

According to the rumours, this newly appointed lord was also appointed by the Snow Emperor.

How was it possible for someone chosen by the Imperial family of the Empire to pass the examination of the consciousness of the Spirit monkey statue?

No one would believe that.

"Something big has happened..."

Liu Jingyan muttered.

There was a similar expression of stunned disbelief on Dai Youmeng's face.

The two exchanged a glance, both seeing the shock and amazement in the eye of the other. The [Light Palace] had been locked for so many years. They knew better than anyone what it represented when someone with the identiy as the Lord of the Light Palace was able to ascend those stone steps.

Once news was spread out, the entire capital would be fiercely shaken by this.

The reason why the [Light Palace] had fallen in these years, was because no one was able to enter into the heart of the [Light Palace]. Those formation arrays of the past, the core threat had disappeared. Once the [Light Palace] was reopened and the formations within the [Light Palace] began working once again, this would become the most terifying place within the entire capital. Even the Imperial family, even the miltiary, even the current Snow Emperor, would have no way of threatening anyone here.

The power that had once been the most terrifying cornerstone of the power stucture of the Empire, was it about to descend onto Snow Capital once again?

Yan Hengshui stood with his hand on the fire tree for support, his gaze firmly fixed like a nail on Ye Qingyu's figure. Seeing this young man ascending the stone steps one by one, seeing his figure disappear at the end of the stone steps, there was an unprecedented hope and expectation towards the future rising in his heart.

Without knowing when, Li Changheng appeared from far away with a similar expression of shock, a wine gourd held in his hand. His expression was like he had seen a ghost as he stood there staring at the stone steps, staring at the classical palace above the Earth Fire sword pit. His eyes were inexplicable, without showing signs of what he was thinking...

There was only the Old Man Su who was both deaf and mute from far off, slowly and gradually gathering the scattered leaves on the grond, continuing to maintain the fire trees...

……

After successfully ascending the stone steps one by one, Ye Qingyu came to the entrance of the stone palace.

When he was below, the square shaped palace did not seem that vast. When he was in front of the door it looked rough and coarse, it was a completely massive stone door. The black stone was rough and textured, emitting an aura that it had withstood the ages. It did not have any patterns nor scars, and the massive entrance was similiar to the gates of a city appearing in front of him.

The horrifying attack did not arrive as Liu Jingyan and the others had said.

Ye Qingyu stood at the entrance, observing for a while before heading deeper into the stone palace.

There was still no energy fluctuation inside, also no signs of life.

It was like a wasteland that had been laid to waste for nearly a thousand years.

After walking thorough the entrance passageway that was near ten meters long, Ye Qingyu finally came to the inside of the stone palace.

The inside was extremely sparse, causing Ye Qingyu to feel something was wrong.

"Is this not the rumoured center of the [Light Palace]?"

He could only see the interior of the stone palace that was as empty as an abandoned store room. Ye Qingyu had even begun to suspect he came to the wrong place. The light was dim and the floor below was made from rough black boulders like the walls of the stone palace. The interior of the stone palace was not large at about a hectare in size and was square shaped. There were gates from north east south and west, with wind coming in from these entrances…

At the top of the stone palace, there was also a humongous sky well.

Light shone in from the large sky well.

But because of the angles of the lights, it could not truly shine onto the ground of the [Light Palace].

Ye Qingyu was somewhat disappointed.

He took step by step towards the most central part of the stone palace.

"What is this?"

At the most central location of the stone palace, there was a stone chair, a stone bed, and a stone table.

The three were like translucent jade, emitting a pale radiance.

In this somewhat dim stone palace, these three items seemed to be the only light source. They were filled with a strange and unique splendour, constantly emitting a faint energy. It caused someone to not help but want to go closer and touch it...

There was alarm in his heart.

As the saying goes, there was a demon in an abnormal occurrence. There was only one explanation for there to be three of such items within the stone palace. These three objects were definitely not common.

Slowly nearing.

"Chi Chi..." The little white rabbit began squeaking in his embrace.

Ye Qingyu stroked and reassured it while he carefully inspected.

The stone table, stone bed and stone chair seemed to have been sculpted by the best jade in the world. It did not look intricate; on the contrary it looked somewhat clumsy, as if it came from the hands of a not too skilled craftsman. The three items were laid out in a triangle, with less than a foot between these three objects.

Ye Qingyu walked towards the side of the stone chair, carefully inspecting. Without knowing why, there was a strange thought occurring in his mind, then his body made an instincitve action, sitting on the stone chair.

"Crap..."

After sitting on the chair inexplicably and without any reason, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something was wrong.

He was about to stand up, when there was a vast and irresistable power emitting from the classical jade stone chair. It restricted him firmly within the jade chair, causing him not to be able to stand up at all.

Boom!

A large sound like the rumble of thunder, sounded out from all sides of the stone palace.

A power that had disappeared for the last hundred years was slowly beginning to be released.

……

……

Boom!

LIke the roar of thunder, heaven and earth was shaking.

"What's happening?"

"There is a change occurring... within the palace!"“

"The [Light Palace]... is about to reappear?"

Liu Jingyan and the other three Envoys of Light stood shoulder to shoulder twenty meters away from the floating stone steps. After a short moment, when Ye Qingyu disappeared into the stone palace, it was as if something was actvated. A huge and dull sound like rumbling thunder began emitting from within the stone palace.

There was confusion on the faces of he four.

A pillar of silver light shot out form the most central part of the stone palace. Like a sharp sword, it pierced the heavens.

The originally clear and bright sky, suddenly dimmed and darknened. They could see clouds forming around the skies, then more and more layers appearing. In less than ten breaths, it had already covered the skies and sun completely, clouds everywhere. The word was dim and dark, as if time had turned to the long night.

The entire capital was enshrouded into this deep darkness.

That silver pillar of light became the only source of light within this world.

The silver light was both sacred and authoratitative.

Then they saw the clouds everywhere beginning to fluctuate with the light pillar at their center. It was like a gigantic massive funnel. The closer it got to the light pillar the more the light clashed. It was like the nebule in the pitch black darkness of the universe, deep and mysterious, as if it was about to create a passageway to another world...

Countless lifeforms looking at such an apocolyptic scene would tremble under such a strange sight.

It was as if the entire capital was about to be swallowed up by that gigantic cloud qi.

A chatoic power of Heaven and Earth began fluctuating. Every martial expert could feel the inner yuan becoming agitated within their own body.

"Heavens..."

Liu Jingyan quaked.

The Dai Youmeng, Yan Hengshui and Li Changheng were also simliarly shaking next to him.

Within the capital, the closer they were to the [Light Palace], the better they could sense the horrifying energy contained within that silver power of light. It was not the power of the Bitter Sea stage, it was not the power of the Heaven Ascension stage... it was unknown just what realm this power was in.

This was... the power of deities.

Was this the power of the absolute experts in the legends?

Was this the power of the pinnacle experts in the legends?

They could not be sure.

But what they could be sure of was that the energy contained within that silver ray of light, even if it was a little strand, a little minute strand, would be enough to instantly destroy and turn them into ashes.

Just what was the backgorund of the new Lord?

Just what sort of secret was hidden on his body?

Just what had he done within the [Light Palace]?

The four Envoys of Light were completely rendered dumbfounded by this utterly terrifying scene, the fear in their hearts submerging them.

At the same time.

At the outer area of the Imperial Ancestral Land.

Below the eighteen layered Buddihist tower.

A white-haired white bearded old monk woke up from a fifty-year-long mediatation. He opened his eyes.

"The Divine Sword of Light has appeared... is that day finally about to arrive?"

The expression of the old monk was both joyful and sorrowful, without any turmoil. Looking at the silver pillar shooting to the heavens, he let out a sigh, then slowly closed his eyes.

But he could not fall back into meditation.

After a while, he rose, leaving the Buddhist tower.

Deep within the Imperial palace.

He was sitting on the Imperial throne where had not left where he had sat for tens of years on the Imperial throne, suddenly stood up. A conscoiusness shot toward the skies, isntantly coming tens of thousands of meters to the air above. It stood at the heart of the vortex. It looked towards the silver pillar of light and wanted to near it, but ultimately he supressed such a mad thought.

The residence of the Right Minister.

A thin old man suddenly opened his eyes.

A strange scene like the stars and clouds fluctuating began flickering urgently within his eyes.

There was a look of absolute shock that appeared for the first time on the face of the old man that normally made countless nobles fear and admire him. This caused several of his confidants to lose their composure, standing up instantly. They instantly turned towards the window, looking towards that silver pillar of light...

"Divine Sword of Light? It... has appeared?"

The voice of the thin old man was quaking.

This old man that was as stable as Mount Tai no matter how the situation within Heaven Wasteland Domain, this old man that controlled the winds and clouds of the Empire, this old man whose name caused countless tyrants of the Heaven Wasteland Domain to pale when they heard his name, had a face of fearful respect on his face.

The other people could not help but be utterly stunned.

The residence of the Apex Prince.

The Apex Prince, Yu Feiyan who was currently playing with his beloved macaw, suddenly paled. The chinese cedar chair below turned to pieces, as a powerful aura exploded from him. It instantly turned all furtniture tens of meters around him into powder, including his beloved golden macaw…

"Divine Sword of Light!"

He let out a cry, his composure changing greatly---

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 402:


The residence of the Imperial Gongfeng group.

The white-haired white faced old man who was competing on who would move first by the side of the door with a stone lion statue, his expression twitched slightly. An invisible energy began emitting from his body, causing the intricate statue made of rare stone light to quiver, then it cracked and fractutred.

"Ai, you moved. You lose, wahaha..." The old man laughed shamelessly, pointing at the stone statue. "Look at you, you lost, you lost, and you were so embarassed you fractured... haha, I, Old Hu won again.”

As he finished, his figure flashed, disappearing from where he was.

The two old Eunuch’s looked on in distress at the stone lion lying shattered on the ground. One of them said, "Every time, he's the one who can't bear it anymore. Every time he uses a hidden force to shatter the stone lion, and say that the stone lion moved. Old master Hu is really a bit too shameless..."

"That's right, he has already shattered sixty-five stone lions. Disregarding the monetary loss, there are nearly no more stone lions left in the Residence of the Imperial Gongfeng group." The other eunuch sighed. "If old master Hu wants to play again in the future, where do we find the stone lion statue... If we knew it was like this, we should have returned to the Imperial Palace to serve those concubines.”

As the two eunuchs cursed at him, the white-haired old man had already arrived in the air.

High up in the Capital, normal experts would not dare appear so obviously to everyone. But the snow white old man did not seem to care at all. He stood tens of thousands of meters high, staring down, taking in everything in his sight.

"It really is the [Light Palace]. After a hundred years, it will rise again. Is it the descendant of that person, or is it someone tha has somehow managed to obtain the recognition of that monkey..." There was a will to do battle burning within the eyes of that old man as he itched to try something.

It was ony that he noticed something, turning his head to regard it.

He looked towards the shadowy figure of a person a thousand meters away.

The old man clasped his hands in a perfunctory paying of respects. Then his body transformed into flowing light, disappearing far off.

The shadowy figure thousands of meters away disappeared like a wisp of smoke within the air.

Within the Medicine Hut.

Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping were running by side. They could not even put on shoes, as they rushed out from the chess pavilion.

The two turned to look up a the skies. The massive yuan qi vortex was still within the air, constantly intersecting, incomparably fearful. The two kept looking at the sacred and pure pillar of flight.

The two old men exchanged a glance. In their eyes, there was both shock and mad joy.

This was the direction of the [Light Palace].

They knew that today brother Ye had gone to the [Light Palace]. Could such a huge disturbance have been caused b brother Ye?

But this was the Divine Sword of Light from the legends. Last time the Divine Sword of Light appeared, just how many lifeforms had shed blood or died? Since it had appeared once again, would that horrifying scene of the past reappear?

If brother Ye was able to control the Divine Sword of Light...

As this thought occurred, their hearts could not help but began fiercely beating.

They had long stopped intervening in their family’s matters. But without question, in the eyes of the outside world, the words and actions of these two was enough to represent the Dugu and Ouyang families. Their actions and words recently, had unquestionably wagered all the treasures of their two great families onto Ye Qingyu.

If Ye Qingyu was really able to control the power of the Divine Sword of Light, then for these two great families, this was unquestionably a huge positive news.

At the same time.

At the residence of Princess Chang.

The princess Yu Xiaoheng wearing a dress of elegant white had wide eyes as she stared at the strange scene in the skies.

"What are you looking at. Don't be distracted, focus on making tea. The face of the person wearing white scholar outfits was extremely pretty and delicate, as she scolded.

"Aunt, you must have long known, isn't that right?" Xing'er asked. "You had guessed already, isn't that right?"

The scholar dressed in white had a faint smile but did not reply to this question.

"At this time, sister Han should have already sensed it? The words left behind when he left has begun to be realized. The hundred year plan is about to begin. Little fellow, are you truly able to follow in the footsteps of that person?"

She thought in her heart.

……

……

Within the [Light Palace].

Ye Qingyu could clearly sense the strange energy that was like the vast galaxy emitting from the jade stone chair. It was as if his own body had become a channel. This energy, through his body, was able to be released to the outside. With a boom, it transformed into a pillar of light that shot through the large sky well above the palace, into the skies.

"What's happening?"

Ye Qingyu struggled, but it was futile.

The energy emitting from the jade stone chair was too vast. Ye Qingyu felt that in front of this power, his current cultivaiton was like... There was absolutley no way of resisting. Even if he activated the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] and transformed into a dragon, there was no way of breaking free.

After a moment, Ye Qingyu finally calmed down.

Although the power emitting from below the jade chair was vast and terrifying, but apart from fixating him on that stone chair it did not harm his body in the least. It was even that when the silver light passd through his body, he could use cultivation techniques like the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] and the nameless breathing technique.

"This energy seems to come from below the stone palace and form within the fearful Earth Fire sword pit."

Ye Qingyu cooly observed.

He could faintly feel that not only the jade chair, but the entire stone palace was only a tool for this channel. It was used to contain and release the endless strange power emitting from the Earth Fire sword pit. The reason that these tools were previously silent before was because they were missing the last piece, the pupil in the dragon's eye.

He had come, and he had acted as the role of the key, finally filling in the last pupil of the dragon's eye.

The entire [Light Palace] had come alive.

After the initial panic, Ye Qingyu gradually got used to this strange state.

In that silver pillar, the thickness of two peope enwrapped around him, a silver flame light substance was madly spouting around his body. Ye Qingyu felt that from his perspective, this silver light was non-existent. It would not cause the slightest of harm or obstruction towards him, and he would also not cause any harm or obstruction towards it.

Lifting his head.

His gaze focused beyond the large sky well.

Within that swathe of light, he could see the massive clash of light and darkness of yuan qi vortex within the sky. He could see the silver pillar of light piercing through the yuan qi vortex like a divine sword, stabbing through the endless space of the universe.

Lowering his head.

He could see the bright resplendent light emitting from the jade chair beneath him. He could also see the stone table and stone chair also simliarly flickering with silver light. There was a silver light strand that appeared on the originally coarse and rough ground, like a thin silver snake slithering slowly through the ground. It's body grew increasingly longer, longer and longer...

The path this silver snake followed was extremely strange. Everywhere i passed, it would leave behind a light trail that was piercingly bright.

It seemed extremely slow when it slithered, but in the blink of an eye, it had already completely gone around the stone palace. Then the silver little snake followed along the inside of the walls of the stone palace, constantly climbing as if it knew no fatigue. Everywhere it passed, there was still the bright silver traces of light.

"This is... a formation array?"

As Ye Qingyu looked at the messy and incomprehendible lights on the ground, there was suddenly a flash of light in his mind. He realized that the traces left beind by the little silver snake was not really disordered or messy. The already complete formation pattern on the ground was evidenlty on an extremely deep and profound level.

"It seems to be in the style of the Upper Ancient Age or the God and Devil Age... but not entirely so. I can't tell what the effects of this formation array actually is..."

Ye Qingyu mumbled to himself.

When he carefully examined, the path the silver snake went was extremely tight and clustered. He wanted to find out the pattern or secret it followed, but what he saw was like looking at the endless galaxy. He felt his whole person falling deep within it, there was no way of delving into the mysteries within.

After a brief flash, the little silver snake had already completely finished traversing the walls of the stone palace. Following along the wall, it was about to climb onto the top of the ceiling of the stone palace...

The silver path it left behind on the walls was really similar to the ones left on the ground. It seemed chaotic and disordered, but it was still a formation array. As the silver light lines continued, there was a strange energy that slowly travelled within these paths...

Ye Qingyu's gaze was tightly on the silver snake, his eyes following wherever it went.

After an unknown amount of time, the silver snake had already travelled all over the ceiling of the stone palace.

Then it travelled along the walls of the sky well, climibing out. Ye Qingyu's gaze could not follow it anymore.

"That little silver snake, just what is it?"

Ye Qingyu did not sense where it had originated from. Right now, he could not tell what it was doing outside. But if his guess as not wrong, he should be 'working hard' on the outer walls of the stone palace. It was most likey that there would be an endless formation array also appearing on the outer walls.

Could it be that the reason that the [Light Palace] had slumbered for so long, and the reason the formations had lost its effect was due to this?

Right now, the little silver snake was slithering out a new formation array. Could it be used to supplement the formation array of the [Light Palace] that had already lost effect?

Ye Qingyu could not move, he could only think and theorize.

Without knowing how long, the silver snake once again appeared on the main entrance of the stone palace. It slowly slithered over, appearing in Ye Qingyu's vision.

This time, it's speed was slightly slower. It seemed to have gotten slightly fatigued after finishing the inside and outside of the stone palace.

It neared bit by bit, heading towards where Ye Qingyu was at the jade chair.

It neared bit by bit towards Ye Qingyu.

There was a strange thought that appeared in Ye Qingyu's brain. With alarm, he suddenly thought: "This fellow is crawling towards me. Could it be that he wants to create a formation on my body... Heavens, I don't want to become a monster covered with silver tattoos, don't come over..."

But the silver snake did not pay attention to Ye Qingyu's prayers at all. It still headed for him and was about to reach his feet.

All the hairs in Ye Qingyu's body was raised.

At this time, Ye Qingyu could suddenly faintly feel something moving on his head, then suddenly dispersing. A little silver dragon that had acted as a silver hairpin flew out...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 403:


The little silver snake that had covered the entire palace with mysterious and profound formation arrays had reached Ye Qingyu’s foot and was about to crawl up Ye Qingyu’s leg. At this time, the little silver dragon charged forward. In a flash, it had opened it’s mouth widely. The little silver snake that had not even reacted yet, was swallowed in one gulp…

Ye Qingyu had his eyes wide open.

This…what had just happened?

Little Silver really dared to eat anything?

Without knowing whether it was a mistaken sensation, at the same time, Ye Qingyu could hear an extremely astonished sound coming from beneath the palace—-

”What the fuck!”

Then that voice abruptly disappeared.

But in the air, there was still the emotion of being extremely taken aback, lingering for a long time.

”Who is it?”

Ye Qingyu was frightened, being alarmed and looking all around him alertly with awareness.

Previously, he had already clearly sensed around his surroundings. Apart from himself, Little Silver pretending to be dead, and the little white rabbit, there were no other signs of life. How had that voice just appeared?

Could there be an existence that was incomparably profound, that had hidden himself?

Ye Qingyu’s acted like lightning. In an instance, he had already searched all around the divine palace, but there were no hints of any existence.

”Just what is this?”

Ye Qingyu returned to the jade chair, feeling something was not quite right.

But at that moment, he abruptly realized; right now… his… restriction on the jade chair had ended?

But why had he… sat back down again?

Ye Qingyu’s heart quivered, attempting to stand up again.

This time there was not any obstruction, he easily stood up once again.

The silver ray of light exploding from the jade chair also gradually dimmed. Like a madly burning flame, it was decaying from its glorious moment. It gradually retreated from into the large sky well above the stone palace, disappearing below the jade chair.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to look.

Without the silver light pillar as support, the orignallly madly fluctuating yuan qi vortex was like a windmill that had lost the needed energy to support it. It began slowly disappearing, and the layers of clouds thinned at a visible speed. LIke thin snow under a fierce sun, it disappeared without any traces, exposing the beautiful blue sky.

A fierce sun hung on the sky.

The capital that was originally shrouded in thick darkness had once again returned to the picturesque scenery with an absolute red sun.

It was as if everything that had just happened was an illusion

After this fearful scene, many commoners began discussing and debating. But they could not reach a conclusion and ultimatley dispersed, very quickly resuming their previous activities.

But for those people who knew what the silver light pillar that was like a divine sword shooting in the sky represented, things would not be the same. Although the skies had recovered to normal, but the situation within the capital would not recover to the usual situation of the past.

Within the stone palace.

Ye Qingyu was alarmed to find that the orignally black palace had already turned silver white. It was like it was made out of saintly silver metal. Every part of it flickered with a gentle light and was warm to the touch of the skin. When he touched it, it was extremely comfortable, bringing with it a soothing sensation like the touch of human skin.

A surge of strange energy was still emanating around the stone palace.

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in, his entire person feeling unprecedentedly comfortable.

The silver light had travelled through his body, but it did seem to have caused any negative effects on him.

The dragon, Little Silver, once again returned to Ye Qingyu’s shoulder.

In it’s stomach, it was as if something was travelling around. Ye Qingyu felt that it was the little silver snake that was not willing to be eaten, struggling within the belly of the little silver dragon. Ye Qingyu felt a toothache coming on just imagining the background of the silver snake; it was definitley not simple, creating an incomparably deep and mysterious formation array inside and outside the stone palace. For such a mysterios snake, to be swallowed by the little silver dragon…

Just what sort of pets were he carrying about him.

He orignally thougth Little Silver was the most obedient, but who would have thought Little Silver would also be affected by Little Nine’s gluttnonous behavior.

Right now, what Ye Qingyu was most worried about was that if the little silver snake was a part of the [Light Palace], then would there by serious consequenes after Little Silver ate it?

The little silver dragon lay on Ye Qingyu’s shoulder for a while before it seemed to have recovered. It once again transformed into a silver hairpin, burrowing itself within Ye Qingyu’s hair.

Only then was Ye Qingyu less worried.

At that time, the little white rabbit jumped out from his embrace. Bounding over to the jade stone bed, it lazily rolled around a couple of times in delight, then closed it’s eyes and slept.

Ye Qingyu walked step by step towards the outside of the stone palalce.

The stone structure on the outside was not large.

After five or six steps through the stone passageway, he came once again in front of the floating stone steps.

Ye Qingyu looked. At this time, at the boundary of the fire tree forest, there was no longer solely the figures of the Liu Jingyan, Dai Youmeng, and the others. Li Changheng had also appeared, as well as the large fatty military officer who was shouting at his soldiers to wager, as well as the disordered and messy soldiers of light beisde him…

There were several people Ye Qingyu did not recognize. These people had a dumbfounded and fanatic light in their eyes, staring at Ye Qingyu high above in the stone place. The vast majority of people were still immersed in their massive shock, their mouths opened wide. Even seeing Ye Qingyu appear, many of their minds had not yet taken this in and did not know what to say or how to respond…

After a short moment.

The straightforward Yan Hengshui was the first person to react. Coughing and clearing his throat, he respectfuly clasped his hands, “We pay our respects to Lord…”

Such words were like a bolt of lightning that awoke the people who were still immersed within shock and astonishment.

Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng both bowed to the ground with a plop, their head pressed against the ground as they used the most respectful and formal greeting. As if they were greeting their monarch, they shouted, “We pay our respects to our Lord!”

That fatty military officer also finally reacted. Like a flesh mountian, he rushed crawling towards the ground as he gave a howl like a pig being slaughtered, “Xiao Yulong pays his respect to Lord. May good fortune befall you…”

As he gave a disordered greeting and bow, the soldiers with messy armour also fell to the ground with a plop. Something came out of their mouths, all sorts of different words and phrases coming out of several hundred people. It was extremely disordered, as if it was a roost of chickens…

Ye Qingyu felt black lines running throughout his head.

It really was that the soldiers would end up simliar to the commander.

If he brought this group of soldiers of light outside, they would really lose all his face.

It was time for him to discipline this group of veteran soldiers.

As he thought this, Ye Qingyu’s footsteps headed to the floating stone steps, wanting to continue the conversation afer he had returned to the ground.

But at that time, something unbelievable occurred.

An extremely gentle and powerful force appeared on the boundary of the base of the stone palace. It blocked Ye Qingyu’s extended leg from exending any further, making him have no way of reaching the stone steps.

”En?”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

What was happening?

He hesitated briefly, before extending his leg and once again taking a step towards the floating steps with force.

With Ye Qingyu’s current cultivation, this step was at least filed with fifty thousand pounds of force. But there was stil this strange and gentle power that appeared. Not only did it entirely withstand the energy within Ye Qingyu’s leg, it also faintly rebounded Ye Qingyu’s leg backwards, causing him to nearly lose his balance…

There was a bad feeling rising within Ye Qingyu’s heart.

He thought about it, then changed his position and leaped over from another angle towards the floating stone steps.

But he was still sent rebounding backwards.

He jumped throughout the air.

As he jumped, he wanted to fly out from midair.

He activated the [Human King Sword Mantra] wanting to forcefully break out.

He usd the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], a hand transforming into a claw, attempting to rip apart a layer of this strange energy…

[The Four Moves of the Unmatched General]…

[The Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King]…

Different heights.

Diferent locations.

Different methods.

He began to experiment.

The soldiers and experts that were kneeling on the gorund were somewhat tongue tied. Seeing their Lord of the Light Palace that had caused such a huge, heaven shaking scene in such a state. He was originally calm and unhurried, but right now he was angrily constantly letting out moves against something, as if he was wrestling against an invisible opponent…

Only after fifteen minutes had passed did Ye Qingyu finally stop.

He was slightly out of breath, as he grinded his teeth in frustration.

He could already be sure, he was trapped.

That gentle formation energy had trapped him within the [Light Palace]. He could not get out at all.

What the hell was this?

This was completely unfounded and uncalled for.

When he entered, was everything not well?

Why was it that now he could not even leave at all

Was somehing paying a prank with him?

Ye Qingyu looked downwards kneeling on the ground. He did not have the mood to deal with them. After thining it over, he turened and returned to the stone place, attemtping to find any clues around. He wanted to find out some inconsistencies. He could be sure, the reason why he was trapped inside was due to the change within the stone palace. If he was able to find out the eye of the formation within the stone palace, then perhaps something could be done…

But this ultimately proved to be futile.

After the stone palace transformed to silver, the formation array that had been slithered out by the silver snake seemed to have been hidden within the floor and walls. It had transformed into the same colours as the stone, so there was no way of discerining it with the naked eye, because there was not the slightest trace left behind.

There were also not any clues on the stone chair, stone table and stone bed.

Ye Qingyu attempted to visualize all possibilities and methods, but everything failed.

When he attempted to leave again outside the stone palace and failed, he gave up completely.

At this time, the people beneath the fire tree forest finallly undertood what had happened. Liu Jingyan and the others had a feeling of disbelief, and the expression on the big fatty military officer was also splendid…

Just what was this.

It was hard for them to get a Lord that was able to enter into the [Light Palace]. It seemed as if their fortunate days were ahead of them, but right now their Lord was trapped within the [Light Palace]. This… what difference was this to the days where they didn’t have a Lord?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 404:


Ye Qingyu felt extremely repressed.

Three days and three nights had already passed. He used all the methods in his disposal, but he was still not able to walk out from amongst the [Light Palace]. But thankfully, he could see the little white rabbit hopping down from the floating stone steps. It did not seem to be restricted by that invisible energy, and the Little Silver dragon was also successfully able to depart from the [Light Palace]...

It was only that he himself had no way of leaving.

That mysterious invisible energy seemed as if it had something intentionally against him.

In these three days, Ye Qingyu attempted to allow people from below to come up.

The results were somewhat unexpected ---

The consciousness of the Spirit monkey statue did not seem to reject anyone anymore. Not only was it Liu Jingyan and the other great envoys, even the little soldiers under the command of the large fatty were also about to successfully and easily ascend the stone steps to the base of the stone palace. But they could only reach to here. If they wanted to head further in, then that mysterious and invisble energy would prevent their footsteps from going any further.

In other words, the current situation was that Ye Qingyu could not get out, but others could also not enter.

Only the little silver dragon and the little white rabbit could enter and depart as they pleased.

After telling Liu Jingyan and the others to temporarily depart from the fourth area, Ye Qingyu lay on the jade bed. He was both repressed, and did not know whether to laugh or cry.

"Their mother, if this continues on, I'll go crazy."

Ye Qingyu could not help but shout.

If he continued to be trapped here, many of Ye Qingyu's plans would fall through as a result of this.

Could it be that he would be trapped hre for the rest of his life?

At this time, a voice sounded without any signs or warning---

"If you go out, you will die for sure."

This voice sounded out from the west side of the jade bed. The sensation it gave Ye Qingyu was that someone was quietly whispering something from beneath the bed.

With a bang, Ye Qingyu jumped up from the bed.

"Who is it? Come out!"

He focused his whole attention to below the stone bed.

But if he carefully inspected, beneath the stone bed was completely empty. There was not anything at all.

"Little fellow, your guts are so small, you seem to not handle a fright well," the voice sounded out again from another angle, it's tone somewhat strange. It was not human, but the words it spoke with was the most normal official language of Snow Empire, extremely pure. There was a hint of teasingness within his tone.

But this time, the direction the voice came from was above his head.

Ye Qingyu did not attempt to search for the voice.

But he could already tell that the voice that constantly changed it's position did not want to expose it's location so there was no use in searching for it.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu could tell that the voice had appeared once before.

The "what the fuck" that had been said when the little silver dragon swallowed the silver snake was namely spoken by this voice.

This represented that he had hiddenly observed everything that had happened within the [Light Palace]. What was even a greater possiblity was that everything that had happeneed within the [Light Palace] was under his control.

Thinking of the words this voice spoke previously, Ye Qingyu stabilized himself and attempted to converse wthi him, "Elder, where are you? Why is it that after I depart, I will die? Please clear things up for me."

"You successfully entered the [Light Palace] and caused the Divine Sword of Light to appear once again. You have already broken the great taboo of several major factions of Snow Empire. You have become the thorn in their eyes. right now the people that want to kill you can line up in a queue from Youyan Pass to the capital. If you leave the [Light Palace], in but a few moments time, you will turn ito a corpse,” the voice said.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, "This... how could this be?"

"Because they are all afraid of you. They are afraid that you will once again bring blood and death to Heaven Wasteland Domain. They are afraid of being enwrapped into this..." The voice laughed, then said somewhat teasingly, "Those previous Lords were not able to ascend the stone steps. They were not able to enter into the divine palace, so they are still alive. You, you are different. You are able to do what the founding Lord of the Light Palace was able to do, so there is no one who can bear to have you alive."

Ye Qingyu seemed to understand, "But... even I don't understand why I was able to enter the divine palace. Why was it that after I sat on the jade chair, such strange things would occur?"

"Hehehehe..." The voice sounded out once agin in a proud tone. "Why would such things ocur? Ahaha, of course it's because I made it happen."

"Elder you... are the Spirit monkey?" Ye Qingyu was speechless, suddenly realizing something. No wonder the tone of the opposing party was not right. He suddenly grasped that within the voice, those strange noises contained within the voice were sounds that did not belong to humans.

"Ai, you are quite the clever little kid. Of course it's me, otherwise why would it be that others aren't able to ascend the stone steps but you are able to?" The voice was still proud. "Do you think the formation can distinguish between people?”

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

"Then why did you fool me into entering?"

"You will know of the reasons within this later..." the voice of the Spirit monkey sounded out. "First don't ask so many questions, just stay here and honestly cultivate. The reason I don't allow you to leave is naturally to protect you.When you have enough strength to face the oncoming stormy onslaught from the outside, then at that time, I will naturally release you."

Ye Qingyu believed in the words of the battle companion, the Spirit monkey.

But he was still somewhat unwilling, "In truth, I have some good friends as well as some cards up my sleeve, I..."

"I know nearly all of the cards up your sleeve. Young man, don't be stubborn. I have met many young heroic people like you, with peerless fortune, but in the end they were too stubborn. Right now, the grass on their graves must have withered ten times over...." The Spirit monkey used a pressuring tone..

Ye Qingyu: "...”

"But my friends are on the outside..." Ye Qingyu attempted to persuade the opposing party.

The Spirit monkey interrupted his sentence. "Don't worry, there will naturally be people sent to protect them... for those little fellows at the Medicine Hut, you can place them into the City of Light. As long as they do not leave this fire tree forest, they will not encounter any danger.

Ye Qingyu heard it's words and felt that this monkey seemed to know everything, as if he had planned this for a long time.

"If I train and cultivate here, when will I be able to depart?" Ye Qingyu asked again.

"The pinnacle of the Bitter Sea stage? Or perhaps the Heaven Ascension stage?" The Spirit monkey laughed hiddenly. "I also can't say, it depends on the situation. Hehe, first cultivate, it depends on my decision at that time."

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that the heavens itself had gone dark.

Are you joking?

Not to mention the Heaven Ascension stage, even the pinnacle of the Bitter Sea stage was a distant target. Right now he was only at the Creek level of the Bitter Sea stage. If he wanted to reach the pinnacle, tens of years was at least needed .The progress of the martial path became more difficult the further one travelled. Not only did one have to devoutly cultivate, one also had to depend on fortune and cultivation technique. There were many top level experts at the Bitter Sea stage who could not guarantee that they could definitely train until they reached the pinnacle of the Bitter Sea stage.

Ye Qingyu's strength progressed quickly, but his foundations were still shallow. He had only cultivated for less than two years of time, to reach to the Creek level of the Bitter Sea stage was due to numerous fortuitous encounters as well as the aid of the ancient bronze book. But every step of cultivation afterwards was going against heavens. As to when he would reach the pinnacle of the Bitter Sea stage, this was something he had no confidence in uttering.

"Within the [Light Palace], there is the [Great Light Cycle] formation. It can attract energy to refine your body, it can also increase yuan qi. The stone bed, stone chair, and stone table at the center zre all sculpted from cold jade at the very northern peak. Earth fire and cold jade, yin and yang, cold and hot. they oppose and support each other, the power it emits is compatible with the heavenly way. As the saying goes, the solo yang does not grow, the lonely yin does not flourish. Only by combining both can miracles happen. Within the entire capital, there is not another place more suitable for cultvating than this. Even the Snow Emperor at that time wanted to come here and train, you little brat, don't complain after receiving such a great fotune.”

The Spirit monkey's voice sounded out again from another angle.

What else could Ye Qingyu say?

If the battle companion spirit monkey firmed it's resolve into not letting him leave, then no matter what he said, it would have no effects.

There were still many questions in Ye Qingyu's heart, so he decided to just still his heart, and began enquiring about many of the matters regarding that War God. When such a topic was brought up, the voice of that Spirit monkey suddenly disappeared. No matter how Ye Qingyu asked, the opposing party would not respond.

Therefore Ye Qingyu could only give up.

Since he could not depart, Ye Qingyu ordered Liu Jingyan and the others over. After making arrangements, he ordered people to go to the Medicine Hut and bring Jin Ling'er, Mother Wu, and the others into the City of Light. They were to create a temporary tent for them to live amidst the fire tree forest...

Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping had also came personally to the [Light Palace]. They came to the last step of the floating stone steps, and was blocked by that invisible barrier. They discussed somethigns secretly with Ye Qingyu...

In the following days, Ye Qingyu could have been said to reside permanently within the [Light Palace]. He began to cultivate, without knowing just when it would end.

Everything seemed calmed and peaceful.

It was only that because of Ye Qingyu's appearance within the City of Light, there was something different. The big fatty military officer prodded the soldiers in his camp to shout their military names to the heavens, and began drilling them on the martial practice grounds. He had also pantingly participated within, and the Envoys of Light would also come regularly every day each evening to the fourth area of the Light to report...

The fourth day.

Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui, as the confidants of Ye Qingyu, also successfully entered into the Light. They became temporary Envoys of Light, only when they had truly achieved something and passed some tests of the [Light Palace] could they truly be appointed to the permanent position of the Envoy of Light.

The tenth day.

Gao Han, The fisherman of Han River, under the direction of Lin Baiyi, came to the City of Light and stayed within it. The first day he came here, he discussed things for a while with Ye Qingyu on the stone steps. Two days layer, the news that Gao Han had become the seventh Envoy of Light was also announced to the outside world...

As such, the seven Envoys of Light that had always been incomplete had finally been filled.

This could be counted as the first important matter Ye Qingyu did after becoing Lord of the Light Palace.

The position of the Lord of the Light Palace was special and held special powers along with it. Such appointments did not need the permission of the Imperial family or the military department. They only had to report it...

At night during the fifteenth day, something unexpected occurred.

A massive black demonic palm appeared high above the City of Light. Under the cover of pitch black night, it headed soundlessly without any signs towards the [Light Palace]. This apocolyptic demonic palm was unmatched, even the layers after layers of protective formations above the capital could not block it. It struck downwards instantly, and was at least several thousand meters long. There was a black demonic flame burning between the fingers of the massive palm heading for the [Light Palace]...

At that instant, Ye Qingyu could sense an aura like death approaching----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

