Chapter 557:


Chapter 576, Pair of Chaos Fish

On the Storm Platform.

Liu Shaji activated the White Lotus Immortal sword. The giant white lotus at his feet, which had already lost two petals, again emitted bursts of ethereal flowery aroma, along with a blazing silver brilliance.

Compared to before, within the lotus petals there was finally a piercing sharp sword intent flowing out.

Compared to during the battle before against Liu Xuezong and He Ju, Liu Shaji's imposing manner was even more frightening.

Opposite.

The Greater One Spiritual Master was standing with hands clasped behind his back.

He had no intention of striking first.

The confidence of a martial arts authority was evident.

“Come, my nephew, let me see how far you have cultivated the Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower. I once heard from your father that the Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower is the highest of the White Lotus sword technique, and once cultivated fully one will become invincible. Unfortunately, that day your father had not fully grasped it, and just incidentally mentioned it to me. I have never seen the real Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower... I did not expect that even after an old friend had past away for a hundred years, I would still be able to see the White Lotus sword techniques. Today, let me try this Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower to see whether it is as your father had said, that once cultivated fully it will become invincible.”

Greater One Spiritual Master's voice resounded like a giant bell, ringing in everyone's ears for a long while.

Liu Shaji had an indifferent expression on his face, only giving a faint cold smile in response.

The next moment, Liu Shaji performed a seal with his ten fingers, initiating the White Lotus Immortal sword to erupt out a dazzling silvery light, sword qi shooting straight into the sky.

“Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower... The third strike, kill!”

The lotus base underfoot trembled, and the third white lotus petal softly detached from the lotus base.

The third white lotus petal seemed to be slightly smaller than the first two petals, but the brilliance was much more dazzling.

The petal, like a butterfly fluttering between spring flowers, nimbly flew in the direction of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

The Greater One Spiritual Master maintained a calm face, but with a trace of seriousness in his eyes.

His cloud sleeves slightly vibrated, and the horsetail whisk in his right hand transformed into specks of silvery light, vanishing in the air.

The next moment, the Greater One Spiritual Master clasped his fingers together, palm facing upwards, slowly pushing upwards from the dantian to the chest area.

The air of the Storm Platform was vibrating, as a sort of concealed aura circled around the Greater One Spiritual Master.

In the unceasing quaking, as the star-like silver light appeared on the Storm Platform, the Greater One Spiritual Master’s palms, which were resting on his chest, were folded together with fingertips pointing up as he let out a low roar. The silver starlight in the air, like mother swallows returning to her nest, gathered on the Greater One Spiritual Master’s palm, transforming into mini silver shooting stars in the void.

The silver starlight accumulated into a mist-like, spherical light on the Greater One Spiritual Master’s palm, and an indescribable aura was seen emanating from the ball of light.

The Greater One Spiritual Master’s palm slowly separated outward, and the silvery mist-like ball of light was torn apart into two. His left and right hand respectively drew out a yin and yang thumb-sized light ball from the silver mist-like sphere. As the distance between the two palms widened, the silvery mist-like sphere grew smaller, the colour also went dull, and the two yin and yang balls of light were gradually becoming larger, more dazzling.

The Greater One Spiritual Master's movements were seemingly very slow, but they were flowing as naturally as running water.

The left hand was Yin and the right Yang.

Both his arms were trembling lightly, as he simultaneously drew a smooth semi-circle with both his right and left hands, leaving a half-yin and half-yang complete circular light halo in the void. Then the two palms flipped over, each pulling out a lotus-flower-shaped ball of light. The Greater One Spiritual Master’s hands jolted, effortlessly moving the yin and yang two lotus flowers across the halo. The yin and yang two-coloured halo of lights were evenly split and formed into a supreme ultimate formation as the Greater One Spiritual Master ran his hands across. The two lotuses in his hands were becoming the fish eyes of the supreme ultimate formation, yin within yang, and yang within yin. At the time of the yin and yang combining together, the two yin and yang coloured halo of light formed a shield around the supreme ultimate formation, gradually condensing into a real substance before the Greater One Spiritual Master.

“The Supreme Ultimate Formation of the Great Dao Returns to the Origin!”

The moment that the formation was completed, the Greater One Spiritual Master bellowed.

Following the fading of the voice of Greater One Spiritual Master, the supreme ultimate formation that was like nature itself, seemed to be alive.

Faint light was flowing, the pair of Yin and Yang fish were like two tadpoles, joined head to tail, swimming in the formation. Bizarre and mysterious silver formation markings gradually emerged.

The Greater One Spiritual Master’s posture made him sees like an Immortal descended to earth, his silver hair dancing with the wind and clothing fluttering lightly.

Meanwhile.

The third petal of the third strike of Liu Shaji's Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower was nearing.

The lustrous white, jade-like lotus petal seemed to be weak and powerless as it slowly and lightly landed on the Greater One Spiritual Master's formation, the Supreme Ultimate Formation of the Great Dao Returns to the Origin.

Time seemed to have ceased.

The white lotus petal and the supreme ultimate formation engaged in momentary confrontation.

Countless eyes were focused on this moment.

Countless hearts were racing.

Who's going to win?

In the end was the Greater One Spiritual Master going to catch that death invitation-like lotus petal?

The next moment, the Supreme Ultimate Formation of the Great Dao returns to the Origin suddenly erupted out a forceful aura.

The silver markings on the formation burst out a dazzling light, condensing into a huge silverlight net in the void, and blocking the falling white lotus petal. The huge white lotus petal caught in the formation shattered, splitting into thousands of fragments that dispersed in the wind!

The shattered petals swirled in the sky, like a shower of cherry blossoms in April.

All of a sudden, killing intent pervaded the Storm Platform, everyone seemed to be mistakenly entered into a fairyland, their minds shaken by the beautiful scenery.

After two breaths of time, the people began to respond. ‘Liu Shaji's third attack has failed’ were screamed out in surprise one after another.

“Caught it!”

“The Greater One Spiritual Master really caught it!”

“Heavens, the Greater One Spiritual Master is so powerful!”

“Yes, he actually effortlessly dissolved the lotus petal attack! It's unbelievable!”

“The first two petals almost momentary killed two masters of the Immortal Step boundary, but the Greater One Spiritual Master actually caught it, this... how could he be so powerful?”

“The white lotus petal attack failed, this Liu Shaji most likely will have trouble!”

“I wonder what other cards he has! The Greater One Spiritual Master's strength is really hard to fathom!”

The master of the Nangong family, the Sky Demon Palace, and the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect were all stunned, eyes filled with fear as they watched the Greater One Spiritual Master.

The Greater One Spiritual Master's strength was much more terrifying than they expected!

And their plan of joining hands with the Greater One Sect had been considered in the case of them being of comparable strength.

The eruption of the Greater One Spiritual Master’s strength allowed them a glimpse of the tip of the iceberg. They most likely have to reassess the strength of the Greater One Spiritual Master and the Greater One Sect, and once the Storm Sword Duel gathering comes to an end they still need to act according to the circumstances.

The three giants exchanged glances, discussing something in secret code.

On the other side, there was a gust of cheers on the Greater One Sect’s floating peak.

“Master is really powerful!”

“Master’s power can easily dissolve a killing move.”

“For the master of the Greater One Sect to fight with a junior is already giving him face!”

“Master really is unfathomable, that little surviving member of the White Lotus Sword Sect of course is no match for him.”

It was the young disciples who jumped up in excitement.

The Greater One Sect's remaining six peak headmasters also finally breathed a sigh of relief, as though a weight had been taken off their minds.

The haze that was brought about when they witnessed Liu Shaji killing Liu Xuezong and He Ju with an earth-shaking power was suddenly dispelled.

On the Storm Platform.

The Greater One Spiritual Master lightly lifted his left hand to brush his long beard, giving a slight smile, “Haha, my good nephew, it seems you have not been able to fully grasp the true meaning of the Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower. With such strength, you still want to retaliate against me? You’re bringing about your own destruction. If that's all you have, then you're going to meet your parents today.”

Opposite.

Liu Shaji's face was devoid of expression.

His pupils black as ink, faint killing intent diffusing out, as he calmly said, “This is just the third strike, I would like to see how many of the Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower you can withstand!”

With that, Liu Shaji again performed another seal, the White Lotus Immortal sword flickered, slightly trembling, and from the lotus base underfoot was another white lotus petal detaching from the flower, swiftly fluttering in the direction of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

Upon a closer look, the fourth petal appeared smaller, softer, brighter and more solid than the third petal.

The white lotus petal, with a strange rhythm and trajectory, circled in the air, and where it passed, fragments of the third petal was stirred by a blast of invisible air current, whirling in the air.

The Greater One Spiritual Master operated a mysterious technique, mobilizing the yuan qi between the heavens and earth and into the Supreme Ultimate Formation of the Great Dao Returns to the Origin. The brilliance of the supreme ultimate formation was growing brighter and more dazzling than before, many silver markings emerged and the silver light net before the supreme ultimate formation grew denser and more solid.

The fourth white lotus petal arrived in a split second.

Two seconds after confronting the silver light net of the supreme ultimate formation, just as expected, the petal had fragmented and dispersed in the void. The drifting white lotus petals debris filled the entire Storm Platform, a faint white lotus fragrance permeating the entire place.

Greater One Spiritual Master wore a confident smile.

Liu Shaji noticed the look on the Greater One Spiritual Master’s face, but there was not any change of expression on his.

Without a word, he continued activating yuan qi, “The Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower——the fifth strike!”

The fifth petal separated itself from the white lotus base. The petal was even smaller, lighter, more condensed, and the speed a lot faster than before.

The Greater One Spiritual Master once again operated the mysterious technique, triggering the Supreme Ultimate Formation of the Great Dao Returns to the Origin, and the silver markings on the supreme ultimate formation, as though melting, were gradually vanishing.

The next moment, a faint grey mist seeped slowly out from the supreme ultimate formation, shrouding the silver light net and dimming the brilliance.

A vast and majestic aura filled the air, turning the atmosphere on the Storm Platform heavy and austere.

Below the Storm Platform, the crowd broke into exclamations.

“Heavens! The grey mist, could it be?”

“The Greater One Spiritual Master's cultivation had reached such a level!”

“It is the qi of chaos!”

“The qi of chaos! They say that the beginning of all things, all things starts from chaos. The Greater One Spiritual Master has cultivated the qi of chaos!”

“This is absolutely unbelievable!”

“The Greater One Spiritual Master is beginning to show his true strength!”

“Once the qi of chaos appears, this battle will end. Greater One Spiritual Master will win for sure!”

On the Storm Platform.

Wherever the fifth petal of the white lotus passed, countless fragments of petals were fluttering about.

In the blink of an eye, upon contact with the silver light net of the supreme ultimate formation, a faint layer of the qi of chaos was wrapped around the silver net, and the colour and luster were slightly dimmer, but in the split second of the white lotus flower floating down, it erupted into thousands of pieces!

The power of the qi of chaos did not even give the slightest chance for the white lotus petal that was growing in imposing manner to counterattack!

The Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower seemed to be completely ineffective!

The complacence within the eyes of the Greater One Spiritual Master was more evident.

Liu Shaji seemed to not care at all that his three consecutive sword strikes were futile, continuing to activate sword techniques.

“The Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower——The sixth strike!”

“The Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower——The seventh strike!”

Liu Shaji successively administered two strikes. The white lotus petals were smaller and smaller, and increasingly brighter, but as they gently floated down and were enveloped by the silvery light net of the qi of chaos, as before, they were reduced to fragments, scattering away on the Storm Platform.

On the Storm Platform, the atmosphere grew tense.

Everyone was watching the confrontation on the Storm Platform with bated breath.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 558:


Chapter 577, The outcome of the battle has been decided

The atmosphere was growing tenser.

Everyone was holding their breath, looking serious, worried that they would miss something if they blinked.

Previously there had been thousands of battles carried out on the Storm Platform, but most likely even the battle between Chen Shaohua and Tian Huang did not capture the attention of everyone as much as these two on the Storm Platform. Everyone was hanging in suspense, especially the people of the Greater One Sect, for fear of an accident happening.

If the Greater One Spiritual Master really did lose, the consequences would be disastrous.

Even the Nangong family, the Sky Demon Palace and the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, such major forces, at this moment also nervously fixed their eyes on the center of the battlefield.

On the Storm Platform.

Liu Shaji’s expression was as calm and steady as before.

His successive five strikes had been blocked by the Greater One Spiritual Master.

It seemed that the petal’s magic powers in taking human life was gradually diminishing.

He tightened his grip on the White Lotus Immortal sword that was shooting white light into the sky, slowly opening his mouth.

“Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower, the eighth strike.”

His voice had just faded.

When at his feet, like a solid substance, the slowly rotating white lotus flower released another of the remaining two petal segments, floating lightly upwards.

An even more delicate and gentle petal.

This petal was not much larger than the petals of an ordinary lotus flower, and was surrounded by a layer of pale mist.

The front end of the petal was radiating a faintly visible, pale, and peaceful pink light, like an elegant and shy woman in a soft pink long dress. In this moment, it seemed like they saw a flower petal that was as pure and beautiful as a girl’s skin, seemingly with a mischievous intent, whirl around in the air, before lightly drifting across the void, like a young lady on a spring outing.

But it was different from the petals before.

Only the truly top experts, upon careful looking, could see that within one meter around the petal, the void was bending and twisting in a bizarre shape.

It seemed that the power contained within the petal could tear space apart at will.

While the rays of light from the sun overhead, as long as they touched the vicinity of the petal, were refracted and dispersed away. The originally vertical beams of light were thrown into disorder, swaying unsteadily from side to side.

All the Heaven Ascension experts present were suddenly pale with fright.

This one was much more terrifying than the previous seven, and the force could destroy all obstacles in its way.

Most likely that any one of the Heaven Ascension experts below the platform, even if they only came closer a little, would collapse and vanish in a puff of smoke.

At the thought of this, many people could not help but feel their hearts tightening up.

Could the Greater One Spiritual Master really take this hit?

……

The other side of the Storm Platform.

Greater One Spiritual Master had a solemn expression on his face, a thin layer of water vapor faintly discernible on his forehead.

His bunched up silver hair was slightly messy, being blown about by the wind, some falling on his lapel and some draped over his back.

And his black ink-like eyes, at this moment, were mingled with wisps of blood red light, flashing a strange glow, like bolts of lightning from a violent rainstorm. On his neck were two veins bulging out, blood almost visible as it rapidly flowed through.

The brightness exuding from Greater One Spiritual Master's body became more intense, the rising mist at his foot seemingly almost burying him.

At this time, the supreme ultimate formation was constantly releasing the qi of chaos.

As this qi of chaos slowly spread, nearing the surface of the Storm Platform, the ground unexpectedly produced a strange mournful sound of friction, piercing the minds of the audience and sending them into panic.

The boundary walls of the Storm Platform were raging violently with the approaching qi of chaos.

The markings imprinted on the walls were forced to bulge, each one protruding outwards, as though it would burst open in the next moment.

As the petal neared, the circular light shield of the supreme ultimate formation became bigger, spreading everywhere, and almost stretched to the edge of the storm boundary.

Within the light shield, the two black and white cyclones were spreading like sound waves, and within the cyclones were three black and white alternating markings attached to the substance-like cyclone.

The bright and dazzling glow of the two cyclones were either wandering or stationary in the air.

Sometimes there was an outline of an ancient divine beast.

Sometimes it changed into patterns of mountains and rivers.

Like starry light scattered throughout the Ninth Heaven.

Everyone around the Storm Platform was awed by the display of killing moves from both sides. Such a magnificent sight was bordering onto the scene of a fairyland, and most likely would only be seen once in a lifetime in Clear River Domain.

……

The neither too fast nor too slow white lotus petal penetrated the light shield, becoming much slower than before, like a boat drifting along the river encountering a strong wind.

A moment later, the petal came to the edge of the cyclone.

The petal affixed to the black and white cyclone, when the cyclone suddenly shook, like rain had poured down a lake, stirring up countless ripples.

The markings within the cyclone also spun more rapidly.

After the petal had cut through the cyclone, the alternating black and white rune markings were automatically pasted onto the petal, but the next moment a power erupted from the petal.

As a result, the innumerable markings, like the tide, swept over the white lotus petal wave upon wave, but in an instant were propelled away, scattering and destroyed.

After one second.

The petal was only half a fingernail away from the supreme ultimate formation.

There was not one person around the Storm Platform that was not holding their breath, and did not even dare take a gasp.

Would the petal successively break through the defense of the supreme ultimate formation?

Or would the supreme ultimate formation once again successfully block the attack of the petal?

Everything happened within the snap of the fingers.

The gentle and soft petal, like a woman's palm, as though gently stroking some rare treasure, gently pasted onto the surface of the supreme ultimate formation.

The scene froze.

Many people could feel their heart in their throats.

It felt like a long century had passed, and finally——

Ding!

Crack.

The supreme ultimate formation issued a resounding snap, it was too late to feel the collision of power between the two.

In a twinkling there were cracks spreading across the supreme ultimate formation in a criss-crossed pattern, winding and tearing.

But the petal also shattered at the next moment, fragmented into thousands of petals, scattering and rising upwards.

It was another explosion of a rainstorm of petals.

Within the air of the Storm Platform boundary.

At this time the area was covered with dense, fluttering fragments of petals.

Like the shower of petals had gone still above, the rain-like segments of petals that were as fine as the hair of a bull were melodiously wandering, sinking and floating.

Blocked it?

It's blocked!

The Supreme Ultimate Formation of the Great Dao Returns to the Origin had blocked the eighth strike of the Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower.

Although there were cracks emerging in the end, but the eighth strike of the Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower had been blocked by the supreme ultimate formation.

The Immortal Step boundary power that the Greater One Spiritual Master broke out had time and again refreshed the understanding of the experts below the platform.

There were many people in the crowd who cried out in surprise.

Even if the behavior and conduct of the Greater One Spiritual Master was despicable in the moral aspect, but in a world where martial arts are attached with the most importance, not one person was not fascinated by his martial level, and admired unceasingly.

At this time, the Storm Platform was still and silent.

The people were speculating in their minds whether Liu Shaji needed to use the last segment of white lotus and administer the ninth strike of the lotus flower

On the platform, Liu Shaji looked at the powerful and lucky Greater One Spiritual Master who had almost fought with all his strength, the corner of his mouth weakly pulled upwards in an almost unnoticeable curve.

“Eight strikes to cut away the chaotic yuan, one strike to kill everything.”

Liu Shaji bellowed.

As his wrist shook, the White Lotus Immortal sword whose tip was facing down suddenly turned skywards, like an incense stick.

From the tip, five beams of white light scattered out, and wherever the streams of light passed, large fist-size holes were punctured into the Storm boundary walls.

The power of the beams of light was able to break through the thousand-year-old Storm boundary walls.

After the release of power, the floating peaks around the platform were suddenly quaking as though struck by a hurricane.

While on the closer floating peaks, without the reinforcements of the formation, the rocky ground was split into two with a several meters deep crack.

On the Storm Platform.

A mysterious force erupted from the White Lotus Immortal sword, pervading the air.

The countless petals hovering in the sky, which the Greater One Spiritual Master had shattered into withering and falling segments, were like dead objects. But at this time, under the impact of the mysterious power, they seemed to be awakening from sleep.

All the petals drew closer in the void, gathering into one.

Petals folded over in layers, sticking closely together and did not reveal a trace of a gap.

Almost in a flash, the petals had assembled into a giant chopping knife substance.

The length of the knife was about a hundred meters, eight meters wide, and the petals on the blade were gently quivering. There were rays of white light constantly piercing directly through the petals and clashing with the bursts of flames produced by the Storm Platform.

This imposing manner of the enormous knife was like that of an immemorial sacred mountain, oppressing the Storm Platform and everything around it. For a moment everyone began to operate qi to withstand the oppresion. Currents of air were flowing everywhere underfoot, yuan qi rising on the Storm Platform, and different colours and spirit of yuan qi soaring into the sky.

Opposite.

“This... What is it?”

Greater One Spiritual Master’s eyes widened in disbelief.

He was disturbed by the sudden change.

When Ji Lingshan talked about the Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower back then, there was no mention of such a move.

He raised his head to look at the giant sword that like was like nine Mt Tai’s crushing down at the same time, shocked and aghast.

However, in his moment of distraction, the giant petal knife had suddenly fallen.

He hurriedly thrust out his palm to defend, the supreme ultimate formation producing two surging hurricane-like golden yuan qi light.

But as the golden light encountered the blade, like an ant trying to shake a tree, it was instantly shattered into grains of sand, fading away with the wind.

The Greater One Spiritual Master was immediately struck by the giant petal knife with an irresistible force.

“Not good...”

The Greater One Spiritual Master exclaimed, yuan qi surging, wanting to forcibly deflect this sword.

Boom!

An explosion of yuan qi.

The Greater One Spiritual Master was propelled back, blood gushing from his mouth

The power of the giant petal sword was like the sword of judgment of the world.

Had it not been for the runes instilled into his body over the years that protected his heart, flesh, and bones, he would have been reduced to ashes.

Flying several meters back and thrown to the ground, the Greater One Spiritual Master continuously spurted out huge mouthfuls of blood, staining his white robe red.

His eyes were filled with disbelief, horror and panic.

Liu Shaji pointed the tip of the sword at him, arrogant and overbearing. The white Lltus base at his foot emitted a red glow.

At this time his black hair was dishevelled and in his eyes were flames almost shooting out, emanating a brutal aura like that of a demon god.

“Old thief, the time is up, let me send you down to find my parents to apologize in person.”

A pillar-like white light gushed from the tip of the White Lotus Immortal sword, and around the white light was a layer of red, like being wrapped in red muslin. The red muslin was dotted with pinpoint formation markings that were hard to notice with the naked eye.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 559:


Chapter 578, Chaos ends and rises

Boom!

The site almost exploded.

Defeated.

In the end the Greater One Spiritual Master was unexpectedly defeated.

The ninth strike had not been launched, but the lotus-flower-formed giant sword had sent the Greater One Spiritual Master flying from the blow.

It had also shattered a martial arts legend of Clear River Domain.

When the Greater One Spiritual Master deflected the lotus flower strike with the pair of yin and yang fish, everyone thought that Liu Shaji’s trip for revenge had finally come to an end.

But the thought of the White Lotus Sword technique undergoing such a change had never crossed their minds.

Those crushed petals, which seemed as useless as a dead object, were the true real killing weapons.

On the headmasters’ floating peak.

Having witnessed the Greater One Spiritual Master being severely wounded and thrown to the ground, there was not one of the headmasters that were not struck with horror.

The Greater One Spiritual Master, in the minds of all the people of Greater One Sect, was an invincible existence. In the first moments of this scene happening there was no one able to react.

It wasn’t until they saw that on the Storm Platform Liu Shaji was again exerting force, following up with another attack, aiming to kill Greater One Spiritual Master, that they suddenly reacted, as though they had just been awakened from a nightmare.

“Stop!”

“Maniac, insolence!”

“Stop, evil creature!”

These words were still ringing in everyone’s ears, when different colours of flowing light streaked across the sky.

In the blink of an eye, the several headmasters had descended on the Storm Platform, protecting the defeated Greater One Spiritual Master.

In that instant, it was clear that there was no longer any rules or tradition that they would adhere to.

The rules of the Storm Platform were unexpectedly broken by the Greater One Sect, the one that established the Storm Sword Duel gathering.

“Junior brother Xue, you protect senior brother Feng.”

A jade-faced headmaster with silver hair reaching to his knee and armed with a silver lotus-like divine weapon shouted frantically.

In the middle of the four headmasters that stood in a half circle surrounding the Greater One Spiritual Master was a purple-robed man. He was armed with a silvery white flexible light sword and immediately took a step back.

He stretched out his left index finger, lightly stroking the tip of the sword, and a blood mark was astonishingly adhered to the surface of the flexible sword.

The flexible sword suddenly erupted in a blaze of red, rising high into the air as it transformed into a light shield of five meters in diameter, enveloping below from mid-air in order to protect Greater One Spiritual Master.

The surface of the light shield was gradually tainted with red formation markings. The vibrating lights was dimming and flashing like a throbbing heart, making one’s heart palpitate violently.

And around the four other headmaster’s bodies were red, green and various different yuan qi swirling about. At this moment there was only yuan qi surging, their silver hair fluttering and clothes flapping from the blast.

“Maniac, die.”

A blue-robed headmaster with a black armband, armed with a snake-like five-meter silver whip rebuked loudly.

The four different divine weapons were at that moment erupting with a blinding light.

The four people stepped forward, hoping to gain an advantage by striking first, attacking Liu Shaji from all sides.

This scene had made the already extremely explosive situation become more intense.

Countless people cried out in shock at that moment.

On a small floating peak.

“Shameless!”

Hu Bugui was outraged, unable to take this anymore.

“These smelly old men are so shameless! They even destroy their own set of rules, and still pretend to be an upright sect, it really is a slap to their own faces. If they want to make things difficult for my Brother Liu, then they must first ask whether I, Master Hu, agrees.” He roared, a horrifying aura erupted from his body, but the next moment—— “

“...Tian Huang... Brother Tian Huang, wait for me, you don’t have loyalty, you didn’t even give me a shout!”

Before his voice faded away.

Hu Bugui turned to a stream of blazing flame, heading in the direction of the Storm Platform.

And as Ye Qingyu put his hands on his hips and roared loudly, there was a sphere of purple electric current wrapping around him and catapulting him across the air to where Liu Shaji stood.

“Get lost.”

Ye Qingyu abruptly thrust out his fist, purple lightning firing out like a divine sword.

Boom boom boom!

There was an explosion of horrifying air currents.

Hu Bugui also arrived at the same moment, unhesitatingly attacking.

The great thief was covered from top to bottom in flame-like gold, emanating an extremely powerful and strange strength that could unexpectedly completely withstand the power of a headmaster of the Greater One Sect.

The two forces, like a collision of two bolts of lightning, filled the air with a murderous spirit.

On the Storm Platform, various yuan qi forces were frantically scattering, consciousness power surging endlessly. The clang of weapons resembled the roar of dragons and tigers. A chaotic battle among Immortal Step experts that could be said to happen only once in a century was about to break out.

On a small floating peak.

The successor of the Immortal God Emperor sect Nan Tieyi knitted his brows as his eyes were fixed on the Storm Platform

What to do?

Follow his heart or bear patiently to the end?

He hesitated a little.

But looking up at the scene on the Storm Platform where the three people were standing side by side, he suddenly felt his blood bubbling and a gush of inexpressible strength erupted from his heart.

Suddenly there was a flash within Nan Tieyi’s eyes as he looked towards the Storm Platform.

“I don’t care anymore. Today, I will break the rules,” Nan Tieyi said in a low voice.

Suddenly, a beam of green light flashed on the small floating peak.

The next moment, there was a gush of green yuan qi from the ray of sword light sweeping over like a wave.

Unexpectedly, each and every yuan qi within the void and the air were all cut across the middle, leaving a smooth and flat gap, like a vast ocean had been split in half.

Nan Tieyi was like a peerless swordsman, appearing on the Storm Platform, standing shoulder to shoulder with Ye Qingyu and the other two.

He stood by Liu Shaji’s side with a clear and firm light in his eyes that seemed like it could illuminate the entire vast divine continent.

There was not the slightest hesitation; the Storm Platform was already in chaos.

“Hahaha, it’s been a long time since I am this delighted. Come here old men, come and scratch my itch.”

Hu Bugui stood unarmed, yuan qi building up within his fists, like two balls of golden light were ablaze.

“Dusk.”

Boom!

As he threw out a punch, a bizarre force broke out.

The entire Storm Platform seemed to have sunk into dusk. The atmosphere of dusk came rolling causing the yuan qi of the several headmasters to become sluggish like the sun was about to set.

Dusk Fist.

One of Hu Bugui’s killing moves.

Hu Bugui’s right fist shot out a ball of light similar to the colour of scarlet dusk.

Opposite.

A black-robed headmaster waved the Divine Sparrow Feather fan in his hand to create a strong gale and sent the fireball deviating towards the Storm boundary wall.

Boom!

A tremendous circular shaped hole was smashed into the boundary wall.

The light ball did not slow down, slamming into a distant floating peak.

The small floating peak was instantly blown up into half its previous size, mountain rocks shattering into pieces and falling. On the floating peak, the tens of people unable to escape in time were blasted away by the air current.

“So strong.”

While throwing out a punch, Ye Qingyu separated out a wisp of consciousness to pay attention to Hu Bugui.

This rough and overbearing punch and the powerful strength were most likely comparable to his Dragon Fist that he instilled with Thunder and Lightning power and the True Will of the Sky Dragon.

The leader of the eighteen great thieves of the Clear River Domain indeed deserves his reputation.

On the Storm Platform, the several different rays of light collided fiercely, and in the air were only like the divine mountain-like imposing manner and the shrill, ear-piercing noise from weapons striking one another.

……

At this time, the surroundings of the Storm Platform had exploded into utter chaos.

“Who would have thought the Greater One Sect would destroy their own rules.”

“Yes, this chaotic battle is comparable to a hundred years ago when the White Lotus Sword Sect was destroyed.”

“Haha, who would have thought the best sect of Clear River Domain would also have such an embarrassing moment today.”

“Even if the Greater One Sect wins today, they most likely will lose face someday and will never regain the loftiness that they had in the past.”

“They have been well-regarded for hundreds of years, it is time for the leader to change hands...”

“If those people really can destroy the Greater One Sect, that really would be interesting,  hahaha.”

“How would the Greater One Sect be extinguished so easily. No matter how powerful those people are, they cannot fight off so many people and the numerous Dao weapons that the Greater One Sect has.”

“Also, there are only four of them, they cannot win against the Greater One Sect.”

“Are you stupid, with the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect, if they really intend to destroy the Greater One Sect, the headmasters and the Greater One Spiritual Master would be easily crushed like ants.”

“Yes, once the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect helps out, the Greater One Sect will instantly perish.”

On a small floating peak.

Under the countless watchful gazes, Old Fish was still sat on a rocky stool, holding a purple fist-sized wine cup.

He maintained a calm expression, seemingly uncaring about the various comments and looked indifferently at the Storm Platform. The corner of his lips curved up slightly but within his eyes was not the slightest trace of perceivable seriousness.

……

On the Storm Platform.

Boom!

Bang!

The already broken boundary walls at this moment were no longer able to withstand the constant bombardment of yuan qi, producing deafening noises as they shattered.

Following the shattering of the boundary walls, the Storm Platform suddenly formed an inch-thick of silvery rocks like a layer of ice on a frozen lake.

The strange rocky terrain rock spread to every nook and corner, tightly sealing the entire Storm Platform.

The Storm Platform seemed to have automatically initiated the protective shield to prevent external forces causing any damage to itself.

Ye Qingyu observantly took in this bizarre change that seemed as though the Storm Platform contained life itself.

This Storm Platform was indeed strange.

Today, the countless blood and bones had made it come alive, but it also possessed a self-protective ability.

What was the Greater One Sect trying to do?

What was the purpose of resurrecting the Storm Platform?

Without thinking too much, Ye Qingyu incessantly thrust out his fist, throwing out punches wrapped in purple lightning.

With the absence of the boundary walls, the punches that the several headmasters had evaded were directly launched at the various floating peaks like falling meteorites, leaving tremendous craters on half of the floating peaks and directly blowing off the smaller ones.

But the strength of the Lotus Flower Eight Peaks must not be underestimated.

The Divine Sparrow Feather fan violently swept past, uprooting all plants on the floating peaks and the small floating peaks instantaneously shifted dozens of meters.

Wherever the long stem of silver lotus seeds streaked across, the rocks on the floating peaks were severed and the disciples that were unable to escape in time, like a thread had cut across their bodies, were split into two and their breathing instantly ceased.

As the spiritual snake whip was swung out, it seemed as though the air was torn apart and the distant floating peaks were struck by a tremendous blade, corners and edges snapping off.

Standing opposite of Liu Shaji, a headmaster wielding an ocean-jade wind sword was incessantly striking the White Lotus Sword barrier.

The collision between the sword and barrier quaked the earth.

The sword swept across, releasing an imposing manner that shattered the rocks of distant floating peaks and set flames to trees.

For a moment almost none of the floating peaks around the Storm Platform was lucky enough to escape the repercussions.

Many of the major sects that originally stood on the floating peaks watching the battle had retreated to the air above the Storm Platform.

Suddenly, a deafening roar resounded between heaven and earth——

“Today the Greater One Sect will kill all the evil people. All sects, immediately leave Greater One Sect. If you do not leave within ten seconds, then you will become an enemy of the Greater One Sect. After this matter, the Greater One Sect will certainly chase you down, with not even a chicken or a dog to be spared if you do not do so.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 560:


Chapter 579, Finally attacks

The scene had turned chaotic and out of hand.

At this moment, the so-called Storm Sword Duel gathering had been utterly disrupted.

The Greater One Sect that had continuously been slapped in the face finally burst into rage. It no longer maintaining its so-called order and tradition, and revealed its tyrannical and unreasonable side.

With one command, the entire Greater One Sect went into formation.

“Block all sides, do not let Liu Shaji escape!”

“Whoever goes against my Greater One Sect today will be killed.”

“Kill kill kill kill!”

Numerous furious and arrogant roars echoed through the skies.

In the sky.

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Swoosh!

Several shadows and beams of flowing light streaked across the sky like countless locusts passing through, leaving long markings behind.

Many top masters of the Greater One Sect had arrived.

With the Storm Platform as the center, the sky across thousand of meters suddenly displayed circles of golden rune markings.

After a short while, layers upon layers of substance-like light film descended from above, shrouding across a distance of a thousand meters like a domed roof.

On the top of the light film dome were countless ancient formations spinning and drifting about; the top protective barrier of the Greater One Sect had been triggered.

Southeast, Northeast.

Southwest, Northwest.

In all four directions suddenly were uncountable formation airships drilling out from the clouds, ink-black like locusts, blotting out the sky and coming in this direction.

One airship after another pierced the dome barrier, neatly lining up around and blocking the air above of the Storm Platform.

The Greater One Spiritual Master had unknowingly been led away from the Storm Platform by one of the eight headmasters, Headmaster Xue, during the chaos.

At this moment he stood in mid-air, pale as paper. Although it seemed that he had suppressed his injuries, he had not fully recovered yet.

He coldly looked in the direction of the Storm Platform, hands clasped together, lightly pinching with his fingers until a bronze mirror suddenly emerged within a cloudy ball of smoke.

The bronze mirror was simple and unadorned, seemingly ancient as though had been through the transformations of the world. It looked completely inferior to the dazzling Eight Jewel mirror high up in the sky.

The frame of the bronze mirror was engraved with 12 divine beast totems, each with a different form, some opening their large mouth, some staring with wide eyes and some glowering at each other.

The gap between the divine beasts was decorated with ancient demon god patterns that were grotesque and odd.

“Clear Sky Mirror, illuminate.”

The Greater One Spiritual Master bellowed, activating the bronze mirror.

The bronze divine mirror released a circular halo that descended and formed a light shield over the Storm Platform.

Gentle like mist, the bronze golden-coloured light shield, like a layer of golden silk, softly and gently drifted around in the void like the fine sand of a desert. It emitted faint twinkling rays of light, which instantly lifted even the dust in the air.

The instant this mirror appeared, the remaining sect masters and experts within the dome immediately recognized that this was the sacred weapon of Greater One Sect——The Clear Sky Mirror.

In Clear River Domain, this was a sacred weapon of one thousands years, the treasured weapon of the Greater One Sect.

In these one thousand years, the number of times that the Greater One Sect had resorted to the Clear Sky Mirror can be counted with one hand.

On the Nangong family’s floating peak.

Nangong Jue’s eyes were fixed on the Clear Sky Mirror, heart pounding slightly.

The fact that the Greater One Sect turned to this treasured weapon indicated that these few youngsters had completely shaken the Greater One Sect to the core.

On the other side, the Master of the Sky Demon Palace and the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect also took on a look of shock as they watched the Greater One Spiritual Master resort to the Clear Sky Mirror.

……

On the Storm Platform.

The halo of the Clear Sky Mirror had completely enveloped the Storm Platform.

The power contained within this divine light seemed to be suppressing Ye Qingyu and others.

At this moment the several people that were shrouded by the light shield all had their yuan qi forcibly repressed

Inside their blood vessels and dantian, there seemed to be tens of millions of strings pulling tight and completely binding their bodies.

And the brilliance of the bronze mirror that had been constantly spreading across, under the control of the Greater One Spiritual Master, seemed to be intentionally or unintentionally shining onto Old Fish who was hundreds of meters away.

On a small floating peak.

“Hey, it’s that mirror, this is bad!”

The incomparably calm Old Fish abruptly took on a look of shock.

“How could this treasure fall in the hands of the Greater One Sect, this is bad...”

Filled with apprehensions, before Old Fish could get up he was suddenly shrouded by the divine light of the bronze mirror.

Under the divine light, the figure of Old Fish was undergoing strange changes.

His stature began to flicker indefinitely; for a moment it was a slightly hunched human figure and the next moment a withered old fish, and the illusions of the two forms were constantly flashing and switching back and forth.

During the flickering, the frightening injuries on Old Fish's body were becoming clearly visible.

Within the crisscrossing of Dao injuries across Old Fish’s body was the qi of chaos mingled with it; it was a shocking and ghastly sight.

It was hard to imagine how he could still survive with such severe injuries.

Having been shone by the brilliance of the Clear Sky Mirror, the Greater One Spiritual Master immediately saw thorough Old Fish's yuan qi, which was bordering on the middle stages of the Bitter Sea.

Outside the dome, shock was clearly shown by the words and expressions of the sect experts, who were watching with bated breaths

“Heavens! It’s a demon!”

“I didn't think he would be a fish monster.”

“Look, to think there were such severe wounds on his body.”

“I can't believe a Quasi emperor could be wounded.”

“What kind of existence can wound a quasi-emperor and to such an extent.”

“Look carefully, his wounds are imprisoned by the qi of chaos.”

“No wonder he could only use consciousness power, he had sustained Dao injuries.”

“His yuan qi strength is only in the middle stages of the Bitter Sea.”

“This... I can't believe this, he's just a paper tiger... The Greater One Sect has nothing to fear now, those people are going to die.”

The countless onlookers were aghast.

The experts of both small and major sects stared at him in wide-eyed shock, speechless, not expecting to see such a scene.

This was definitely one of the most shocking surprises of the day.

In the sky.

The fear within the Greater One Spiritual Master's eyes suddenly melted away as he breathed a sigh of relief.

Ever since Old Fish displayed his consciousness power, the Greater One Spiritual Master had been suspicious. When had such a quasi-emperor-level old monster appeared in Clear River Domain? Moreover there was not a trace of yuan qi fluctuation appearing on his body.

But at that time, he dared not rashly attack to find out. After all, if the other party really did possess quasi emperor strength, then the consequence of his rash decision would be unbearable to the Greater One Sect.

The challenge from Liu Shaji was a chance for him to find out!

But no matter how the battle on the Storm Platform turned out, it seemed that none affected the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect in the slightest.

Even when the several headmasters broke the rules to rescue him and attacked Liu Shaji the suspected quasi emperor expert did not give the littlest reaction. It was indeed suspicious!

Therefore as soon as the Greater One Spiritual Master's injuries were under control, he employed the Clear Sky Mirror and pretended that he was not deliberately aiming at the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect. Who would have thought that the final result would be like this. The fog in his mind was immediately dissipated as the power of the ‘Master’ was completely exposed before everyone.

After a long while of silence, the Greater One Spiritual Master finally understood and couldn't help bursting out in loud laughter.

“Haha, the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect is a Fish monster and dared to deceive people by posing as a quasi emperor! The Clear Sky Mirror has revealed your fox tail. It's funny that your insignificant strength almost deceived even me, let's see what other skills you have for you to act so arrogantly!”

On a small floating peak.

Old Fish stomped on his feet, “Act so arrogantly? Haha, weren't you fooled by me and was begging for forgiveness before, and was almost kneeling in front of me... Pah! My background will frighten you to death. If I am not suffering from Dao injuries, your trash-like group aren’t even worthy to carry my shoes!”

The Greater One Spiritual Master glowered at Old Fish.

This remark had struck his sore point.

He wanted to hack him into thousands of pieces to vent his anger. Thinking about before when he had to be polite and accommodating to the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect due to fear, he could no longer quell the raging anger in his heart. He was a leader of the Clear River Domain. When had he ever kowtowed to someone before, and the other party was only of the Bitter Sea boundary. An ant-like existence had played such a joke on him. How could he just swallow the anger like that?

But Old Fish would not give him such a chance.

On the small floating peak, Old Fish was grinning.

Then he slightly twisted his body, disappearing where he stood, like a grain of salt dissolving in water.

Remaining in the void was only his creepy laughter.

“Haha, I didn't expect the Clear Sky Mirror to fall in your hands, but what can you do to me? I may not win against you, but if I want to leave, not one of your little babies have the ability to block my way, hahaha.” Old Fish's creepy voice resounded in the void, but his figure had vanished. “

The Greater One Spiritual Master sneered, his eyes filled with killing intent.

“Clear Sky Mirror, search!” The Greater One Spiritual Master roared, pinching his fingers together as the Clear Sky Mirror again rose into the sky like a blazing sun, constantly increasing in size and its golden rays of light sprinkling across the entire boundary.

He operated the Clear Sky Mirror to carefully search the area within the boundaries but to no result, as though Old Fish had evaporated, there was not the slightest trace of him remaining.

“En? He’s gone?”

The Greater One Spiritual Master slightly frowned.

After a brief thought, he had no choice but to temporarily give up searching and joined the battle on the Storm Platform.

The situation was too chaotic.

A large number of Greater One Sect experts had suddenly appeared like a crowd of people. It seemed that no one could escape today.

Suddenly, there came the bellow of a Greater One Sect headmaster——

“The situation is too chaotic, quickly move the demon girl to another place!”

“Hurry! In case someone takes advantage of this chance!”

The eight supreme elders of Greater One Sect who had been guarding the Greater One Divine Lantern all this time, immediately responded.

The eight people together instilled yuan qi into the mysterious talisman markings on the Greater One Divine Lantern.

The next moment, the space around the lantern faintly fluctuated and the Clear Lotus Flame Lantern that was quietly floating in the sky slightly shook, as though something would happen at any time.

On the Storm Platform, while fighting against the several Greater One Sect headmasters, Ye Qingyu had been secretly paying close attention to the direction of the Greater One Divine Lantern.

“Not good! They're going to move Xing'er! I can’t wait any longer!”

Ye Qingyu said anxiously to himself.

Boom!

Just then, the headmaster of Clear Lotus Peak thrust his palm over.

He pretended to dodge and was struck flying, taking this opportunity to break away from the battle.

As soon as Ye Qingyu got out of the battle, he slammed his fist to the ground.

“Then let it turn to utter chaos! Explode!”

He cleared his mind, silently operating the true meaning of the 108 ancient characters of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. A purple talisman seal shot out from his palm like a meteor cutting across the sky, sinking into the Greater One Peak.

A strange change followed.

Boom!

An earth-shaking, thunder-like explosion sounded from the underground of Greater One Peak!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

