Chapter 1197:


Chapter 1212, Suppression

Ye Qingyu did not show any weakness as he swung his sword in a slashing attack again.

Sovereign Dark Feather had already lost two heads; strength greatly declined and he was seriously wounded. How can he be a threat to Ye Qingyu?

The battle began again.

Sovereign Skyreach also made another move.

But the two great Martial Emperors were both very careful this time. While exchanging moves, they paid close attention to any action of Ye Qingyu, and did not forget to leave room to fight back and dodge.

This also allowed Ye Qingyu to completely occupy the upper hand of this unbelievable Emperor battle.

But in truth, the fear of Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather was somewhat unnecessary.

Because the [Geng Metal Pill] that killed Sovereign Dark Yellow indeed required a long preparation time. It was impossible to activate it again after such a short period of time. The technique that unbelievably wounded the two great Martial Emperors were of course fiendgod battle skills of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], called the [War of the Green Demon].

This cultivation technique was left by a demon called the Green Demon. What Ye Qingyu used was the killing move [Stone Statue of the Green Demon] of the four battle moves of the [War of the Green Demon]. Taking the shape of a fetus, his body glowed with the light of the Green Demon that protected his body. By turning into the Green Demon, one can draw on the opponent's killing force and strength, and strike back with strength multiple times stronger after transformation. Ye Qingyu had absorbed the power of the killing moves of Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather, and then counterattacked with strength several times stronger than it was. However, the requirements to use this technique were very demanding. One must be a certain distance from the opponent and the opponent must be fully unprepared. If Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather were not blinded by their killing intent and had not rashly entered the chaos storm, they would not have been struck by the power of the counterattack. At the same time, if the power exceeds the upper limit that the person who used this battle skill was able to bear, then before the transformation counterattack process appears, the person will most likely be chopped into ashes. Ye Qingyu's physical body was of the Emperor level, and could be said to be a rare existence since ancient times. Thus he was able to, in such a state, bear the killing moves of the great Martial Emperors.

If he were to use the killing move of the [Stone Statue of the Green Demon] once again, then Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather would definitely not be fooled again.

However, this was irrelevant.

Because presently, Ye Qingyu had already fully occupied the upper hand.

The [Stone Statue of the Green Demon] had already knocked away the spirit in the hearts of the two great Martial Emperors, making them become fearful and nervous. In this state, how can they pose a threat to Ye Qingyu? As Ye Qingyu had said, the two great Martial Emperors had been hiding from the outside world for far too long, and had not experienced battle in a long period of time. Their instincts and will to fight had already been weakened to a terrifying degree that they were also not aware. Even if they had undergone transformation, it was only their cultivation base and strength that had changed. They still lacked the fighting will and combat experience that can match up to their cultivation base and strength.

It was actually a very sad thing.

Ye Qingyu had already mastered all one hundred and eight fiendgod battle skills in the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. Any one of the battle skills was at his fingertips. For Ye Qingyu, if the beginning of this Emperor battle was described as incredibly dangerous, then that has changed now. It was now more like training. The two great Martial Emperors were two grindstones, polishing the sword in Ye Qingyu's hand until it was brighter and brighter.

Although infuriated, Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather found that there was nothing they could do. The pressure they felt from Ye Qingyu was getting greater and greater. In the end, they felt a chill running down their spine. The Emperor power exuded from the body of this young junior was increasingly powerful. All of the moves he used were Emperor techniques that they had never heard or seen before.

“Ah...” Sovereign Dark Feather let out a mournful and miserable roar.

Another of his heads had been chopped off by Ye Qingyu.

And on the other side, Sovereign Skyreach was also roaring repeatedly. Two of his six wings had already been snapped, but now the sword light slashed off another one. Although his injury was a little better than that of Sovereign Dark Feather, he still had reached the degree of critical injury. This time, his great transformation was only possible with the help of those valuable treasures, and did not damage his life yuan, but if the battle were to continue, his injury worsened, then his lifespan would also be impacted. He may even drop down a cultivation realm.

“Who are you?”

Sovereign Skyreach looked at Ye Qingyu with shock and anger.

At this time, he had completely overturned all of the information he had received about Ye Qingyu. He felt that he must have received false information. It was impossible for a human boy, who had come out of a greenhouse like the Vast Thousand Domains, to possess such strength and talent, let alone continuously display so many marvelous Emperor techniques. He was almost sure that Ye Qingyu was definitely not a descendant from the Vast Thousand Domains, but an old monster who has revived his soul——or perhaps the reincarnation of an ancient Emperor. Besides this, it was impossible for him to have so many hidden cards and to master so many Emperor techniques.

And thinking of this, Sovereign Skyreach felt even more afraid.

What Sovereign Skyreach was thinking was also what Sovereign Dark Feather was thinking.

“Your Excellency...is the reincarnation of which ancient Emperor?” Sovereign Dark Feather's face was contorted with fear, drawing back he stammered, “Perhaps there is a misunderstanding between us... we made a mistake in our previous judgment, and we...”

Ye Qingyu, however, would no longer waste time talking to them.

“[Eyes of the Void].”

He bellowed, a river of stars flowing in his eyes, clouds of stars being derived, spreading out in formation. It was unknown how many times more terrifying the same eye technique was after reaching the Emperor realm. Two violet divine swords directly shot out from his eyes, and the power of annihilation, one left and one right, sped toward the two great Martial Emperors.

“Fight.”

Seeing that there was no way to communicate any further, and that there was no room to turn back, Sovereign Skyreach let out a roar and said, “I will distract him, you go...” He made an eye signal towards the direction of the distant [Cloud Top Cauldron]. At the same time, he suddenly opened his mouth, like the mouth of an abyss being opened wide. In his body was similarly stars twinkling like a cosmic void. It was desolate and dark, like a side of the sky had been torn down. He inhaled all of a sudden in an attempt to swallow the light of Ye Qingyu's [Eyes of the Void].

Not only that, but he was ready to risk anything, and even wanted to swallow Ye Qingyu into his mouth.

Of course, it was just to hinder Ye Qingyu.

Because on the other side, Sovereign Dark Feather was beating his black wings rapidly, entering into a state of extreme speed, and had left the battle circle. He sped in the direction of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and waved his life treasure black wings to strike the [Cloud Top Cauldron], creating huge resounding booms.

Suddenly, the ancient golden formation markings on the cauldron were flashing frantically. Golden flames completely shrouded Song Xiaojun and the ancient True Phoenix.

“Despicable.” Ye Qingyu’s heart was pounding with worry.

As they say, concern and worry will distract oneself. This time he truly experienced this.

Although he had great confidence in the [Cloud Top Cauldron], but because he was too worried about Song Xiaojun and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, in that moment, his mind was thrown into disorder. As a result, the power of his technique also plummeted. He felt a magnificent suction force pulling his body. It was the life devouring technique of Sovereign Skyreach, which after being swallowed, the power of his [Eyes of the Void] was trying to swallow him into the great mouth of the abyss.

Ye Qingyu activated the his [Void Walk] technique, and immediately opened up the distance.

He turned around, did not have the intention to continue to fight Sovereign Skyreach, and instead sped toward the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Sovereign Skyreach also did not give chase when he saw this. Instead, he transformed into a stream of flowing light to escape.

In truth, he simply did not want to fight to the death with Ye Qingyu.

When he said he was going to risk everything it was only to deceive Sovereign Dark Feather. In truth, from the beginning, Sovereign Skyreach had already considered Sovereign Dark Feather as a sacrifice and planned to escape. He knew that Ye Qingyu extremely cared about Song Xiaojun and the other, and will go there right away. He only said what he said to distract Ye Qingyu as an excuse. Even Sovereign Dark Feather was deceived by the way he pretended to be indignant and countered Ye Qingyu's [Eyes of the Void].

“Fellow cultivator, you...”

Sovereign Dark Feather thoroughly understood at once.

He never thought that he would unexpectedly become abandoned. He was clever all his life but stupid this once, and had been deceived by Sovereign Skyreach.

He was only barely able to fight against Ye Qingyu when he joined forces with Sovereign Skyreach, but was still suppressed. Now that Sovereign Skyreach had escaped, leaving him alone, even if he were to burn his origin source, there was no way he could be a match for Ye Qingyu. Let alone the fact that Sovereign Dark Feather did not want to die.

He reacted and turned around to flee right away.

Swoosh!

The sword light of the [Sword of Judgment] had already locked onto him, swung down and once again severed a huge Dapeng head.

“Ah... I will get my revenge.”

Sovereign Dark Feather wildly roared, blood sprinkling across the sky. He decided to directly burn his blood to trigger the blood escape technique. He had already lost three heads in the battle today, which could be said to be a huge loss. Adding to this, he had already damaged his origin source, and if he did not recover in time, his cultivation realm really would drop after this battle.

Ye Qingyu did not give chase, but resumed his true size. With one hand on the agitated [Cloud Top Cauldron], he activated the secret technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters to soothe it. The copper cauldron slowly stopped shaking and spinning, its light flames gradually growing clearer. He could see that within the light screen below, Song Xiaojun's face was pale and the true fire of the ancient Phoenix was much darker than before. However, they were not seriously injured.

“Are you all right?” Ye Qingyu asked in a worried voice.

Song Xiaojun hurriedly shook her head and answered, “I'm all right, Brother Qingyu, you...”

Before her voice faded——

Boom!

A beam of blood light abruptly splashed out from Ye Qingyu’s body, a huge hole suddenly split open his chest, and the bright blood had directly dyed the [Cloud Top Cauldron] bright red.

A fist-sized ghost-faced grey-copper ball shot out from the wound, bombarded the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and sent Song Xiaojun and the True Phoenix flying out thousands of meters away, before it rapidly sped back, producing a ghostly whistling noise. The ghost face on the grey-copper ball seemed to be alive, incomparably fierce and sinister, and wanted to kill Ye Qingyu.

The whole process was too fast that, even given Ye Qingyu's cultivation base, he unexpectedly did not detect the arrival of the sneak attack, and had sustained critical injuries.

Adding to this, there was an even more terrifying killing intent in front.

At this moment, for the first time, Ye Qingyu truly felt the aura of death——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1198:


Chapter 1213, Sky Emperor

In a hurry, Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and spat out the [Geng Metal Pill] again, but the strength contained was much less than before. As it struck the ghost-faced grey-copper ball, it erupted out a violent chaotic annihilation power that knocked the grey-copper ball away. But Ye Qingyu in this moment was also impacted by the annihilation force. The flesh on his head seemed to be burning, and was become beyond recognizable...

“Brother Qingyu...” Song Xiaojun screamed.

Dark flames visible to the naked eye gushed out of her eyes, nose, mouth and ears, as she frantically pounded the light barrier of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], trying to rush out, but was still separated by the light barrier.

On the other side, there were sparks leaping in the eyes of the True Phoenix, but she also failed to struggle out from the force of the seal.

“Don't worry,” Ye Qingyu's voice sounded.

He opened his mouth to swallow the [Geng Metal Pill]. The skin, flesh and blood slowly grew back on his face again. This kind of injury, for him, was not fatal, but what really affected him was the hole in his chest. At the edge of the hole were granulation tissues forming, but the flesh and blood that contained the corrosive force of the ghost-faced grey-copper ball was preventing them from growing.

“Don't come out.”

The way Ye Qingyu looked at Song Xiaojun's eyes was full of gentleness.

“Don't worry, wait there, watch me destroy all the enemies.”

With that, he turned around.

Black lightning-like eyes looked to the eastern direction. The gentleness in his eyes had already turned to an unprecedented solemn expression, “Which Emperor attacked me from behind?”

The one who attacked him was definitely someone of the Martial Emperor realm, but also much stronger than Sovereign Skyreach, Sovereign Dark Feather and others. This was Ye Qingyu's analysis at this moment, because from the beginning, there was a hint of doubt that Sovereign Skyreach and the others arranged such a formation. There was bound to be someone behind them. But throughout the battle, he had been paying attention to the movements around, and did not notice the signs and aura of any others. Thus when he was worried about the safety of Song Xiaojun and had confirmed that she was unharmed, he lowered his guard for a moment and was attacked instantly.

The one who launched a sneak attack at him must be a scheming and extremely terrifying existence.

This person alone was a greater threat than the three great Martial Emperors, Sovereign Skyreach, Sovereign Dark Feather and Sovereign Dark Yellow.

Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather who were originally frantically escaping also came to a stop, staring at the ghost faced grey-copper ball that was suspended in the depths of the void. The eyes of the two high and mighty existences were flashing an intense fearful colour. This panic was obviously not because of Ye Qingyu, but the grey-copper ball.

It was a kind of expression that an incompetent subordinate would have in the face of punishment from the Lord.

After a brief moment of silence, an ordinary voice came from the ghost faced grey-copper ball: “In the simplest way, remove the most threatening obstacles, is the true truth of the world. As for the so called supreme body, glory and reputation.....haha, those are nothing but nothingness. The people of the world are plagued by false reputation. It is only by throwing away this that one can be free and unrestrained.”

The voice was at first plain and ordinary, but the more one hears it, the more one could feel a cold aura that makes one shudder with feat. It was as though, for the speaker, apart from himself, there was nothing in the world that had the slightest meaning. He was the only one.

“Show yourself.” Ye Qingyu said.

His chest injury was slowly recovering, but the strange force around his wound was difficult to dispel. Just by looking at it with the naked eye one would find a layer of faint grey mist, like wisps of silk, twisting around Ye Qingyu's wound. This was an icy-cold deathly aura that corroded his flesh upon contact.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu's heart was burning with rage.

“Haha, show up? That depends on whether it's necessary...” That indifferent voice sounded again from the ghost-faced grey-copper ball. When the voice sounded, the ghost face on the copper ball was also constantly changing and alternating between the four expressions of happiness, anger, sorrow, and joy. In addition, there was a terrifying charm overflowing out from the different expressions, which could affect even an Emperor's mind. The voice continued, “To know who I really am, it depends on whether you are qualified or not... Kill him!”

The last two words were directed at Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather.

From these two words there was an indisputable majesty and demonic power. The moment it rang, the indefinite surprise and hesitation in the eyes of Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather instantly vanished, turning into unprecedented ruthlessness and determination, as they frantically charged toward Ye Qingyu.

Like a dog being pushed.

“Fine, then open your eyes and take a good look if I have that qualification.”

Ye Qingyu bellowed with a look of anger. Once again his [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] integrated with his physical body, rapidly growing in size and once again revealed his Martial Emperor original form. The [Blood Drinker Sword] had reappeared, blood glistening among the silver colour. The injury to his chest was still a horrifying sight, but Ye Qingyu seemed to not care.

Ye Qingyu directly activated the [Limitless Divine Way].

[Third Limit]...

[Fourth Limit]...

[Sixth Limit]...

[Seventh Limit]!

By the time the [Seventh Limit] was reached, it was already extremely high, and the surface of Ye Qingyu's Martial Emperor original form was beginning to crack, indicating that the strength was too strong for it to bear. Among the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] and the one hundred and eight fiendgod battle skills, the [Limitless Divine Way] could absolutely be rank in the top three. This was most likely the only one Emperor technique that can increase one's strength instantly.

“I'll first send your two dogs on the road!”

Ye Qingyu swung his sword, and the sword will of the [Life Sword Mantra] filled the air. Although the sword light was much smaller than before, it had intensified by countless times. In the void there were small silver lights with specks of red flashing past.

In extreme speed, figures moved past each other.

Ye Qingyu turned back, as if he already knew what the end would be. When he reappeared, the sword light was directly pointing to Sovereign Skyreach.

Sovereign Skyreach felt a tremendous threat descending, wanted to say something, but then he saw that Sovereign Dark Feather's figure had stiffened and the Martial Emperor original form with six heads was directly split into two...

“What?” Sovereign Skyreach felt his soul had scattered from his body.

Sovereign Dark Feather is dead?

He's dead?

How did he die?

Just now, that sword, without him being aware in the slightest, had severed
Sovereign Dark Feather
into two. How did he do this? Wasn't that Ye Qingyu wounded? Wasn’t he severely wounded by the [Ghost-faced Soul] that His Majesty Sky Emperor's sent down? how can he still make such a sword strike... How is that possible? Was he holding back his strength during the battle before?

In this moment, his courage and will to fight had subsided like the tide.

However, he was afraid to flee.

Because the ghost face on the grey copper ball was constantly changing. And at this moment was taking on an angry expression before it stopped. It was like a malicious spirit from the Asura battleground as it stared intently at the back of Sovereign Skyreach.

“Hohohoho...” A sorrowful roar like the cry of a beast before death emitted from the throat of Sovereign Skyreach.

This enormous six-winged golden Hou was already a supreme expert who stood above countless creatures in the world. He was a top Martial Emperor, but now it was as if he had really turned into a savage beast. After a slight hesitation, with great fear and reluctance, he suddenly launched a second charge.

“Your Majesty Sky Emperor, please take care of my people.”

He seemed to be saying his last words. A desolate feeling permeated the starry sky.

Ye Qingyu mercilessly swung his sword again.

The strength of Ye Qingyu, who was under the state of the [Seventh Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], had already reached a very terrifying degree. Previously, he managed to kill Sovereign Dark Feather in one strike because he had already lost three heads and his strength had plunged as a result. But in the face of Sovereign Skyreach, Ye Qingyu felt less pressure compared to when he killed Sovereign Dark Feather, perhaps because Sovereign Skyreach was already thrown into disorder.

When the heart is disorderly, the mind is not thinking correctly.

When the mind is not thinking correctly, the will and spirit are also lost.

When one’s mind is in disorder, no matter who it is, even if possesses earth-shaking cultivation base, their strength cannot be displayed to its full.

“Well, in today's battle, two of the three are already gone. Go to the underworld to accompany Sovereign Dark Yellow and Sovereign Dark Feather...”

Ye Qingyu brought his sword up, an indifferent expression across his face. The Emperor technique [Sword of Judgment] descended once again.

A silver divine sword was seen landing from the high altitude of the void, locking on Sovereign Skyreach. In the blink of an eye, the giant light sword had submerged the six-winged golden Hao. The rumbling of Dao sounds and the surging power of law once again triggered the power of chaos annihilation, which directly swallowed up Sovereign Skyreach’s Martial Emperor original form.

At the same time, that ghost-faced grey-copper ball that was originally suspended in the void flashed all of a sudden, disappearing where it was.

Ye Qingyu’s lips curled in a sneer, suddenly turned around, a ball of light flashing in his left palm as a white pill cauldron emerged. He grabbed one of the three legs of the cauldron and abruptly hurled it behind him.

Boom!

Sparks sputtered

A deafening bang sounded.

Amid the loud noise, the shadow of the ghost-faced grey-copper ball appeared, but like a ball, was struck by the pill cauldron to an unknown distance.

“Such scheming tricks won't work on me for the second time... You overestimate your ability to capture other people's minds.”

Ye Qinguyu sneered, staring at the direction that the ghost-faced grey-copper ball disappeared.

The white pill cauldron in his hand was buzzing endlessly, and the mottled traces of inscription flickering strangely. It was the cauldron that he found in the [Tusita Palace] of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. It was also the cauldron that stored and refined the [Geng Metal Pill]. The cauldron was huge, but after activation, given that Ye Qingyu had transformed into his Martial Emperor original form, he looked like an ordinary person lifting up a cauldron.

He had long predicted that the ghost-faced grey-copper ball would attack him from behind again.

When there is a first time, there will be a second time.

The man who Sovereign Skyreach calls Sky Emperor must not value the dignity of a Martial Emperor.

“Now, you can show up, your dogs are all dead,” Ye Qingyu said loud and clear——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1199:


Chapter 1214, Suspected blue sky

Light flashed.

The ghost-faced grey-copper ball suddenly reappeared ten meters away.

“Your strength surprises me.” The ghost face flashed, its expression becoming sinister. There were two faint piercing cold light like they were from the world of death.

“Your despicable, but I am not at all surprised.” Ye Qingyu shook the [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand, and the Martial Emperor blood that filled the sky, like swallows returning to their nest, were drawn into the [Blood Drinker Sword]. The body of Sovereign Dark Feather instantly turned into a puff of ashes, dissipating between the heaven and earth. The blood and body of an Emperor contained boundless essence and energy, and after transformation by the [Blood Drinker Sword], there was an endless stream pouring into Ye Qingyu's body to help him recover.

“Interesting... it can actually swallow and absorb other people's yuan essence,” the ghost face marveled.

Its eyes were quiet, paying attention to everything. It did not stop Ye Qingyu from absorbing the yuan essence of Sovereign Dark Feather. Evidently, in his view, even Ye Qingyu in his peak state was no match for him. It was more interested in the [Blood Drinker Sword] compared to the recovery rate of Ye Qingyu's strength.

Because an Emperor weapon that can absorb the power of the opponent to replenish itself was incredibly rare.

No, in its long life, it could even be said that he had never seen such a strange Emperor weapon before. The majority of Emperor weapons that he had seen were for attack, defense or escape purposes. While the sword in Ye Qingyu's hand, it cannot be said to be the strongest in attack, and its defense was similar to its attack. As for escape... what kind of escape effect can a sword have?

This young man had created an ingenious idea. An Emperor life treasure weapon like that was very rare and interesting.

And Ye Qingyu soon found that the influx of Emperor yuan essence into his body was incredibly magnificent. The feeling of weakness after activating the [Seventh Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] was quickly replenished, but the wound in his chest remains to be a problem. That grey mist that was almost like the curse of death was still around, and his injury was unable to recover. The big hole as before was still transparent all around, and also diminishing the ability of the Emperor body to heal itself and was constantly expanding his injuries.

“Suppress!”

Ye Qingyu engraved a mysterious ancient character in the void with the tip of the [Blood Drinker Sword]. It was the secret technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters. As the ancient character formed in the void, every stroke, like a chain, sealed Ye Qingyu's chest wound.

A mysterious power flowed all around, suppressing the curse of the grey deathly mist.

But it had only suppressed it, and not completely dispelled it.

“It seems that to completely remove the strange force in this wound will take a bit of effort.” Ye Qingyu knew that it was not the time to cure the injury now.

His attention and energy were concentrated onto the ghost face of the grey-copper ball.

Back then, during the starry sky battle between [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect and others, there was also a grey-copper bronze temple from the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss that almost killed [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. The reason [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] fell into the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss was also because the grey-copper temple had imprisoned him there. The grey-copper ball before Ye Qingyu, whether in colour or material, was very similar to the grey-copper temple. Could it be that the two are of the same origin?

Ye Qingyu held the [Blood Drinker Sword] in a tight grip, did not speak, and directly activated the [Limitless Divine Way]. The fiendgod sword technique was launched out, stirring up a storm of swords in the sky that engulfed the grey-copper ball.

“Haha, such a sword technique, although marvelous and is considered a superior Emperor technique, it cannot injure me.” The cold indifferent voice sounded again as the ghost face on the grey-copper ball took on an amused smile. With a slight shake, it had already crushed the blade storm into nothingness.

Ye Qingyu felt a shiver of apprehension.

This attack... is very strong. It is many times stronger than Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather.

Sky Emperor?

Ye Qingyu's mind flashed countless information. He had read all the books in the Military library, but had never come across one that mentioned a sovereign with this title. Moreover, to use the word Sky as the title already explained the question. Even among Martial Emperors, there is a difference in superiority. It was clear that this Sky Emperor was a very strong expert among all the Martial Emperors.

“I have watched you battle, you have mastered countless Emperor techniques, where did you get all these Emperor techniques?” The expression on the face of the grey-copper ball turned to anger, looking at Ye Qingyu.

The four types of human emotions, happiness, anger, sorrow and joy.

When the ghost face turned to an expression of anger, there was a natural power that made even Ye Qingyu instantly feel as if he was facing the Supreme Emperor, or an imposing father that cannot be disobeyed. Instantaneously, there was a timid feeling in his heart that made him wanted to let the sovereign know everything in full details.

But the next moment, Ye Qingyu's consciousness shook, and immediately restrained this impulse.

“What powerful method.”

Ye Qingyu subconsciously took a step back.

His consciousness power, after refinement with the [Cloud Top Cauldron], can be said to be incredibly strong. Adding to this, since becoming Emperor, his sea of consciousness can be said to be an integral whole. In the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] there were also methods to take, control and refine the soul. He could be called a master of controlling the sea of consciousness. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for him to change the memory of the hundreds of thousands of beings in the Luoshen Ridge. But even so, facing the grey-copper ball he still lost control of his consciousness. This so-called Sky Emperor was indeed very terrifying.

Ye Qingyu's evaluation of him had increased by another level.

He knew that today he had absolutely met a fierce enemy.

But in truth, the Sky Emperor was even more surprised, “Huh? I have underestimated you. Even under my [Four Divisions of Emotions], you unexpectedly managed to escape so quickly... If I didn't know about your roots, I really would have thought that you’re a Martial Emperor of tens of thousands of years old. As expected, you are an unusual individual, then I even more can’t let you live.”

As its voice died away, it took the initiative to make a move.

There was no shocking technique or earth-shaking spectacles. The ghost-faced grey-copper ball simply vibrated slightly and charged over to kill Ye Qingyu.

Boom!

Ye Qingyu swung the pill cauldron up to block the attack.

The huge impact force blasted Ye Qingyu away.

There were cracks forming across his hands and blood seeping out.

But in the blink of an eye, the blood had already vanished. This sort of impact injury, for Ye Qingyu, was something that could be dealt with in a thought. He instantly recovered, but the only thing to worry about was that, in that moment of contact, the grey deathly mist had already curled around him like bone maggots.

This kind of strange force was too terrifying. Once attached to the body, like a curse of death, it would produce crazy destructive power. It was only with the secret method of the one hundred eight ancient characters that Ye Qingyu was able to suppress it, though it cannot be removed.

He activated the ‘suppress’ and ‘defense’ characters of the one hundred eight ancient characters to their peak. An invisible ancient character formation force spread out and shrouded around him, thereby blocking the grey deathly mist.

Following the unsuccessful attack, the ghost-faced grey-copper came smashing over once again.

The speed was greater than before.

The grey mist was more sinister and eerie than before.

Rumble!

In the blink of an eye, it was unknown how many impacts were made.

Ye Qingyu constantly swung the pill cauldron to defend, but gradually was unable to keep up with the extreme speed of the ghost-faced grey-copper ball. Moreover, the noise of the four types of human emotions was constantly being emitted, which disturbed the mind and had a strange irritating effect. Ye Qingyu, even if guarded his sea of consciousness, was still affected.

Whoosh!

Ye Qingyu in the end was unable to completely block it.

The ghost-faced grey-copper ball brushed past his shoulder. Even the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] was unable to withstand against it. Immediately there was blood spurting out, Ye Qingyu's shoulder bone was exposed, and that grey deathly mist again began to frantically spread around Ye Qingyu's body through the wound.

“Suppress!”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, his left hand waving the pill cauldron to defend, while his right hand wrote out the ‘suppres’ character again with the tip of the sword. He suppressed the grey deathly mist in his shoulder wound to prevent the injury from worsening.

However, anyone could tell that he had fallen into a declining state.

But his expression was without the slightest trace of panic as before.

“Receive!”

Ye Qingyu suddenly summoned out the pill cauldron in the direction that the grey-copper ball was speeding over.

The lid opened, and a cauldron mouth appeared, like a bottomless abyss. There was a strange force gushing out, like the entrance to another world had been opened. Dozens of streams of black light visible to the naked eye began to emerge from it like tentacles, and instantly wrapped around the grey-copper ball.

“Huh?” the cold voice of Sky Emperor sounded.

The ghost face turned to a sorrowful expression, struggling desperately to break free. Then, at a speed visible to the naked eye, it was pulled into the pill cauldron by the tentacle-like streams of black light. There were a few times it managed to escape before it was again dragged in...

Boom!

Eventually the lid of the cauldron closed.

In the moment of closing, a stream of blue light had escaped from it.

“What is this, how can it be able to hold the [Divine Meteorite Grey-copper]?” The blue light transformed into a faint shadow, appearing in the void as a human form. The face was clear, the hair long and blue. Tt was a middle-aged man whose face was twisted with shock and disbelief as he stared at the white pill cauldron. It was clear that he had realized the value of this white pill cauldron.

Is this the true face of the Sky Emperor?

Ye Qingyu's face went blank, an incredible stormy sea surging in his heart.

Because the middle-aged man with long blue hair looked incomparably familiar to Ye Qingyu. He looked exactly the same as that carefree blue-haired senior in White Deer Academy, who irresponsibly took Ye Qingyu and others out to training and in the end almost lost all the students, Blue Sky. At first glance, he thought he was a Blue Sky who had grown up.

There are people with such similar appearance in the world?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1200:


Chapter 1215, So-called friends

Ye Qingyu's short life could be called a legend. His martial arts path, to outsiders, seems smooth, the growth of his cultivation base was very fast, and he was said to be favoured by the heavens. It was unknown how many people were envious of him, but in truth, only the person who drinks it knows best whether the water is hot or cold. Only he knows how much wind and rain he had experienced along the way, how many times he had been on the tip of the knife, and how many times he had been swimming at the edge of life and death. It was only after experiencing countless life and death situations that he was able to achieve what he has today.

And the strange and remarkable things he had seen along the way, there were too many to be counted.

The appearance of the Sky Emperor was identical to Blue Sky of the White Deer Academy. The only difference was their age. Ye Qingyu was almost certain that, if Blue Sky was at middle age, he would look like the Sky Emperor. This similarity was just like how the mysterious woman in the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace of Clear River Domain who vanished was similar to the mother in Ye Qingyu's memory.

To explain this with the earth civilization, there are no two identical leaves in the world, and the reason the appearance of all living things is similar is because of a genetic reason. This explains why most descendants in the world will look like their father. However, this similarity exists only in one aspect of the facial features, and not all.

Ye Qingyu's intuition told him that there must be a connection between the Sky Emperor and Blue Sky.

And it must be an extraordinary connection.

But exactly what kind of connection, he was temporarily unable to grasp.

“Where did you get this cauldron?” The eyes of Sky Emperor’s shadow were flickering with bewilderment and uncertainty. He seemed to have thought of something, but then slightly shook his head. It was clear that the pill cauldron in front had a great difference to the object he suspected it to be.

Ye Qingyu clasped the [Blood Drinker Sword] with his right hand, the pill cauldron in his left, answering honestly, “The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor once appeared in the Vast Thousand Domains. There were countless treasures and this pill cauldron was found in the [Tusita  Palace] of the Reincarnation Hall.”

The reason why Ye Qingyu spoke so clearly was to test what kind of reaction this Sky Emperor would have. He hoped to obtain some clues related to Blue Sky from his reaction.

“The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor? Impossible, the Chaos Demon Emperor is from the end of the Fiendgod Age, and only just barely became Emperor, how can he possess this kind of treasure? If he had such a treasure, how would he need to reincarnate?” The Sky Emperor shook his head slightly, “Not to mention how could the [Tusita Palace] be in the reincarnation hall. Even if all the possessions of the Chaos Demon Emperor are added up, it is not comparable to one [Tusita Palace]. Since you won't tell the truth, it doesn't matter. After I capture you, I can search your memory to know everything.”

Before his voice faded, with a flash, he had already turned into a wisp of blue brilliance, flashing over to the other side.

In the distant chaos fog, a huge corpse was floating in the starry sky. It was the  body of the original form of Sovereign Skyreach, the six-winged golden Hou. The yuan essence in his body was flowing, and his blood and qi were as vast as an ocean, but his vitality and consciousness had been destroyed. The wisp of blue light that Sky Emperor transformed into penetrated into the body, thereby bringing the body of Sovereign Skyreach ‘back to life’.

Using a corpse to resurrect a soul?

Ye Qingyu increased his vigilance.

In truth, Ye Qingyu had almost asked what the connection between the Sky Emperor and a young man called Blue Sky in White Deer Academy who looks exactly like the Sky Emperor. But deep inside there was a voice that prevented Ye Qingyu to do so. His intuition told him that this question, if asked, would bring serious consequences.

Rumble!

The originally golden six-winged Hou corpse began to change. A layer of icy-cold blue brilliance flowed out from the inside of the corpse, dying the huge Emperor corpse a blue colour. Even his eyes were piercing-cold and glowing blue, while the broken light wings were slowing growing back.

An aura that was completely different from Sovereign Skyreach before he died pervaded the starry sky.

The vast blue body of water that swept across made Ye Qingyu feel a sense of crisis, like a little boat in a vast ocean.

A battle broke out in an instant.

Sky Emperor’s battle style was incredibly barbarous. Exactly the same as when he possessed the ghost-faced grey-copper ball, he directly smashed over. The tremendous six-winged golden Hou body seemed to have been refined, producing metallic clatter when the [Blood Drinker Sword] struck, sparks sputtering in all directions, and the blue feathers split apart. However, its body was completely undamaged. On the contrary, Ye Qingyu was constantly reeling back from the impact.

There was a sound of explosion in the starry battlefield all of a sudden.

Berserk violent force swept across all six directions. This battle was more terrifying than the previous battle among the three great Emperors. It was unknown how many of the barren planets on the edge of the battlefield were shattered to fine powder from the aftermath. If this was not the boundless space, then even the universe would most likely have been destroyed.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was constantly changing positions, guarding Song Xiaojun and the ancient True Phoenix. It had already retreated to the edge of the battlefield. Ever since the training in the Immortal Domain, where the [Cloud Top Cauldron] underwent its transformation, it had gradually developed its individual consciousness. At this moment, it seemed to have been awakened by this vicious battle and began to take the initiative to protect.

Time passed by.

It was unknown how long had passed.

But for Song Xiaojun, in such an environment, every second felt as long as a century. It was an utter torture.

This high and mighty Emperor of Darkness, at this time, was no different to an ordinary girl worried about her boyfriend. It was unknown when her hands were already twisted together, and her beautiful bright eyes filled with worries.

She stared intently at the battlefield in the distance. Although the view was not clear, she occasionally captured fragments of Ye Qingyu on the battlefield.

She had forgotten about herself, forgotten about everything and had completely lowered her guard. It was when the flame hand of a Phoenix clutched her neck that she reacted with incomparable astonishment.

“You...” Song Xiaojun froze, “How did you break the seal?”

She had forgotten about the threat around her.

After Song Xiaojun asked this, she realized that the ancient Phoenix was controlled by someone and had lost her own willpower. There was only violent anger in her and there was no use in asking anything.

What surprised her, however, was that a clear and melodious voice, which resembled cold ice in deep winter hitting each other, had answered her question.

“The surging Emperor power, you only care about your lover and did not realize it.” This voice was obviously a female voice. Anyone who hears this voice, no matter how cold it was, their mind would emerge with the image of a beautiful and haughty woman of the Ninth Heaven. “I am only one step away from the Emperor realm, if there is such a golden opportunity, how would I miss it.”

Song Xiaojun was silent.

She realized that behind her must be the beautiful peerless Celestial Phoenix Maiden. She had already, during the devastating Emperor battle, broken the shackles and touched the real Emperor realm. Therefore, she was able to break the seal that Ye Qingyu had set up.

“Are you going to kill me?”

Song Xiaojun suddenly calmed down.

It was as if she had changed back from the little girl who was worried and anxious about her boyfriend into the high and mighty Emperor of Darkness who strategizes splendid plans to win victories in battles a thousand kilometers away. Her tone of voice was calm and indifferent as if the one facing death wasn’t her.

The fire of the ancient True Phoenix had begun to invade her body, sealing the yuan qi of darkness in her body and depriving her of any possibility of counterattacking.

“What do you think? I was originally here to kill you. That has always been the mission of my clan. It has always been this.” The voice of the Celestial Celestial Phoenix Maiden's was devoid of emotions. For her, it was just stating an immutable fact.

The mission of the Phoenix Race was to monitor and eradicate darkness.

Song Xiaojun took on a wry smile.

She knew about the truth between the Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness, but it wouldn’t have any significance to say that now. In its long history, the Unmoving City of Darkness had attempted to explain to the Phoenix Race, but any efforts had no effect. She also did not think that, in such a situation, she could persuade the most remarkable, intelligent and determined celestial maiden of the Phoenix Race in thousands of years.

Taking a deep breath, Song Xiaojun asked, “So you have now regained your consciousness? You are no longer controlled?”

The Celestial Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not respond.

Song Xiaojun couldn’t see her expression. She also did not know what the Celestial Phoenix Maiden was doing, and just felt that the flame palm around her neck had suddenly tightened, almost making her unable to breathe.

After ten seconds.

Song Xiaojun didn't wait for an answer, but had guessed the result she wanted.

“I heard from Brother Qingyu, you’re his friend, aren't you?” Song Xiaojun spoke again.

There was a grim laugh from behind, “Yes, once friends, but so what, just because of a so-called friend that I have not seen for such a long period of time and had become irrelevant, I have to spare the enemy of the Phoenix Race? You have also been sitting high above on the throne, you have also controlled the dark citizens, you should know that, in the face of the real right and wrong, so-called friends are nothing, let alone a friend's... lover!”

The last word was said with a little hesitation.

“In your mind a so-called friend is someone you can give up at any time?” In Song Xiaojun’s tone of voice was a hint of indignation.

“Oh, why, are you afraid of death?” The ridicule in the Celestial Phoenix Maiden’s voice was clearer than before. Her voice also was increasingly colder and indifferent, a soul-chilling coldness. “The high and mighty Emperor of Darkness, in the face of the threat of death, will also bow. Haha, if Ye Qingyu knows what you did now, I wonder how he would feel?”

Song Xiaojun did not have the slightest desire to retort the mockery and contempt, but calmly said, “If you really are a friend of Brother Qingyu, or even had once thought of him as a friend, then I implore you to not kill me now, is that okay?” ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

