Chapter 161:


Chapter 162 – Furious Wen Wan

“Eat, eat your father…”

If it was not for the fact that he did not want to awaken the slumbering Snow Dragon through making too much noise, Ye Qingyu would really have loudly berated Big Head.

In truth, he was really about to faint from being so angered by this stupid dog.

Could it be that gluttons don’t value their lives?

It was such a large Snow Dragon. If they utilized the time to quickly run away before it awoke, perhaps they could keep their lives. But you still want to go eat? This is just like an old man eating poison — do you resent the fact that your life is so long?

Such a terrifying gale was created just through the air exhaled from the snout of the slumbering Snow Dragon. One could easily imagine just how terrifying it would be once it was awake.

But what was even more terrifying was that the place they were situated in right now was the Snow Dragon Den. Once this Snow Dragon was awakened, the other Snow Dragons would also be startled. At that time, even if the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge himself arrived, he could only weep in the face of such a scene. In the underground ice world, the Snow Dragon was the indisputable king, controlling the power of ice and snow. It was completely invincible in such an environment.

“Run, quickly run…”

Ye Qingyu grabbed Big Head, turning and leaving.

“Eat, yummy…” Big Head looked reluctant to leave, looking at the slumbering Snow Dragon below. Saliva was dripping from his mouth.

……

A day later.

Underneath the icy ground.

“Speak, stupid dog, how do you want to die?”

Ye Qingyu had red eyes of rage as he looked at Big Head.

Big Head was crouching underneath the ice wall, his head lowered. He was like a child that had done something wrong, the emotions in his eyes brimming with grievance. His throat emitted noises of whimpering, trying to fawn on Ye Qingyu, and his tail was like a little broomstick that swept left and right.

Ye Qingyu was helpless in the face of such a display.

The entire day, they travelled while lead by this glutton. They were like a headless fly that had entered into a labyrinth. They completely lost all sense of direction – fundamentally, they did not even know where they were heading. After consecutively passing by six or seven ice caves with Snow Dragons, Ye Qingyu could confirm that Big Head did not recognize the path at all. His so called ‘leading the way’ was to bring Ye Qingyu to one after another of different deep pits that the Snow Dragons were slumbering in.

Ye Qingyu was lost.

The position he was in right now was still at the boundary of an ice cave that was thousands of meters long.

At the bottom of this space, there was a huge Snow Dragon that was approximately two thousand meters long with his body coiled, like a mountain range. It was currently peacefully slumbering. As it breathed and exhaled, there would be a horrifying snowstorm forming from his snout, the cold wind exploding out. The two crystal gales coming out of his snout were like two huge ice and snow cyclones that rotated in the ice cave. These gales ultimately left towards a huge passageway above.

After continuing to see tens of Snow Dragons, Ye Qingyu was yet still shaken seeing this Snow Dragon.

They were just descendants of the ancient divine dragon, and the power of their blood was no longer pure anymore. They had even lost the ability to fly. But the Snow Dragon still maintained the outer appearance of the divine dragon; there was an incomparable nobility and dignity about them. The Snow Dragon in front of Ye Qingyu was the largest Ye Qingyu had seen, and the crystal gale from its snout was also the most terrifying. It was perhaps the little leader of this Snow Dragon Den.

“Since I’m lost, I can’t just wildly run about everywhere. It’s possible that I can run into the territory of the other Demon Races, then this will be even bothersome!”

Ye Qingyu sat on icy boulder, holding his chin in deep thought.

Within the dragon’s den, the passageways left behind by the movements of the Snow Dragons were like a labyrinth. After Big Head had caused a complete mess, Ye Qingyu did not even know where he was. To return to his starting point was impossible. Furthermore, the large majority of the ice crystal passages were unstable. They were passages left behind by the movement of the Snow Dragon and hence had a possibility of collapse. But this ice den was the carefully prepared hibernating spot of the Snow Dragon. Not only was it stable, one could also avoid the snowstorm in the passageway. It was a decent resting place.

Furthermore, after Ye Qingyu’s previous observations, the Snow Dragon was in an extremely deep sleep. The noises of the ice gale that formed from its breathing were like the rumble of thunder. It would not wake from noise. As long as they were careful and cautious, this place was conversely the safest place to stay in.

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu decided to temporarily stay at the boundary of this underground ice cave.

The time before the [Flash formation] in the Bronze book could be used again was approximately one month.

Staying here for a month of time, then using flash to leave, seemed to be the best plan from the current situation.

Since he had made his decision, Ye Qingyu was not in a rush anymore.

He took off the [White Horse battle Armour], storing it within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in the Spirit springs of the dantian world. Changing into a black robe, he sat cross legged on a flat ice boulder and began to train.

“The Snow Dragon is the descendant of the ancient dragons, and normally lives within an ice and snow world. Even its breathing can form a snow storm containing the power of cold ice. This is much purer than the snowstorms above ground. To train in such an environment has a definite great benefit for my ice attribute yuan qi! And the den of this Snow Dragon was not chosen casually – much care has been placed on its location. This place is the place with the purest yuan qi of Heaven and Earth within several thousands of kilometers.”

After his heart had calmed down, Ye Qingyu immediately discovered the profoundness of this area.

From solely the perspective of cultivation, this was the best place for cultivation.

Ye Qingyu closed his eyes, activating the nameless breathing technique, and began to enter the state.

……

In the blink of an eye, three days had passed.

Youyan Pass.

Within the Pass Lord’s residence.

On the third floor of the military council pavilion.

“What? Mister, do we still not have news regarding patrolling envoy Ye?” Liu Zongyuan was so anxious that he was like an ant on a hot wok, walking back and forth.

After the [Painting Saint] Mister Liu had checked the secret documents of the military council, he shook his head with a dim expression.

Liu Zongyuan sat on a chair not knowing what to say. Half a while later, he let out a long sigh.

The normally lively Xing’er had examined all the secret documents that had been reported up. After confirming they had not missed anything, there finally appeared a hard to contain disappointment and emotionality on his handsome face. He could not help but sigh in his heart. “This fellow, why has he not escaped… he evidently… really a trash, I had such high expectations… this makes me so angry!”

After experiencing the journey to the Explosive Snow Glacier together, the three had a deep impression of Ye Qingyu. They also harboured feelings of goodwill towards him.

On that day, after the formation airship left the sealed space formation, they very quickly encountered the reinforcements: commander of the Vanguard, Liu Siufeng. They very quickly returned to Youyan Pass. The precious maps on the formation airship were also safely transported to the advisor division of the army, and this was unquestionably a great contribution by the soldiers. Even the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge personally came to praise Mister Liu and the others. Every soldier on the airship received great rewards. Liu Zongyuan’s military rank rose by one, becoming the top twenty military officers of the vanguard camp, and the soldiers under his command doubled.

And as for the matters regarding Ye Qingyu, it was temporarily suppressed.

The higher ups of the army, after hearing Mister Liu and the others descriptions, felt much admiration for Ye Qingyu. Since Mister Liu and the others firmly believe that the newly arrived patrolling sword envoy could escape from the hands of Yan Buhui, they ordered for Ye Qingyu’s matter to be temporarily kept secret. Everything would wait for until he returned. At the same time, the strategists of the army also sent out a large amount of scouts and experts, patrolling at the edges of the Southern edges of the Explosive Snow Glacier. Once they heard news about Ye Qingyu, they would immediately come and report back.

But after three days had passed, there was still not any news whatsoever.

Gradually, many people believed that Ye Qingyu had died in battle.

There was not any sort of news coming from the Demon Race. If he had chosen to surrender, the Demon Race would definitely announce it to the entire world at the first instance. Like the time that Yan Buhui had chosen to capitulate, they would use this matter to strike and enrage Youyan Pass.

Mister Liu and the others who held great expectations for Ye Qingyu, gradually began to become less hopeful.

“Lord Lu once said that if Ye Qingyu has not yet returned in three days, then this must be reported to the military…” Mister Liu helplessly smiled, while at the same time blaming himself somewhat. If at that time he had been a bit more determined, perhaps Ye Qingyu could be brought back. Or at the start, he should not have arranged for Ye Qingyu to take on this mission.

However, right now, it was too late to do anything.

Liu Zongyuan sat dumbly on the chair, speechless for a long time.

A youth, a youth with a boundless future, ended just like that?

Thinking back to Ye Qingyu’s smile and laughter, it was as if everything was just yesterday.

The room entered into a deep silence.

–Until—

Boom!

The door of the room was loudly struck open from the outside.

The two guards could not block the Wen Wan who was like an enraged bull.

Wen Wan’s eye were red, charging in. Glaring at Mister Liu, he roared in rage, “Where is he? Where’s Ye Qingyu? Just where did you bring him? hand him over!”

Even though he was known as the brash officer, but this was the first time that they had seen Wen Wan lose his composure like so.

Liu Zongyuan quickly stood up. “Officer Wen, you’ve gone crazy. Trespassing in the military council pavilion is breaking the laws of the army. Quickly go away now, Mister Liu is magnanimous and won’t hold you accountable for this. Otherwise…” Saying this, he quickly held Wen Wan back. Liu Zongyuan was helping Wen Wan by doing this. He vaguely knew about the relationship between Wen Wan and Ye Qingyu and could somewhat understand Wen Wan’s current emotions. But they could not ignore the laws of the army. The military council was such an important place. If the matter that Wen Wan had entered by breaking the door was made known, he would be in deep trouble.

“Scram, scram!” Wen Wan was enraged like a bull, breaking through loudly. Pointing at Liu Zongyuan’s nose, he cursed, “Liu Zongyuan, do you motherfucking remember what you promised me at that time? At that time, you slapped your chest in guarantee that you would definitely bring Ye Qingyu back safely. Where is he? You returned unharmed and safe, promoted, what about Ye Qingyu?”

Liu Zongyuan felt guilt in his heart. He could not become angry and could only bring Wen Wan outside.

Mister Liu silently sat on the table, not even saying one word.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 162:


Chapter 163 – The Awakened Snow Dragon

Only until Wen Wan had been brought outside by Liu Zongyuan, and the sounds of Wen Wan curses came from far away, did mister Liu let out a sigh. In regret he said, “A pity, a pity, can it be that Youyan Pass really cannot raise peerless geniuses? In the past it was Yan Buhui, and today it was Ye Qingyu… Xing’er, go prepare, let’s go to see Pass Lord Lu.”

“Mister wants to go seem him for?” Xing’er asked in a questioning tone.

Mister Liu stood up, saying in a determined tone, “Since Ye Qingyu has died in battle, then the things he can receive must not be less in any way. The military order of the Empire is such that even after death, officers can receive the titles of the empire. Ye Qingyu protected the maps so that they were not lost— this can be counted as a great contribution, I need to tell this to the Pass Lord and request for them to confer a title to Ye Qingyu. This is his reward, no one can take this away…”

Xing’er hearing this, silently nodded his head.

The [Army of Youyan Pass], was known as the most elite of the ten great armies of the empire. Lu Zhaoge was also known as the most famous warrior of this generation, but once an army was camped at a place for far too long, there would be all sorts of factions that would appear. There would be all sorts of tricks to rob away military rewards of dead people. This matter was quite common— especially for new people like Ye Qingyu who belonged to no factions or possessed any sort of background. Once they died in battle, it was very hard for them to receive their titles after death.

But this time, from what it seemed like Mister Liu would be unprecedentedly firm on this matter.

…… ……

Ten days later.

Within the Snow Dragon Den.

Ye Qingyu sat in a meditative position on an icy boulder, slowly exhaling murky breaths of air and opening his eyes.

As his heart willed, the ice yuan qi around him retreated and the translucent snowflakes tens of meters around him disappeared. The originally fifteen yuan qi silver dragons that were roaring around him transformed into cold air that disappeared strand by strand into Ye Qingyu’s body.

“Who would have thought that the power of fifteen Spirit springs, will belong to myself entirely in such a short amount of time. I can control it fully now.”

Ye Qingyu slowly stood up. There was an indescribable comfortableness in his body.

In the Snow Dragon’s den, there were advantages that made one delighted. The yuan qi of Heaven and Earth— especially ice yuan qi was brimming. This allowed Ye Qingyu who cultivated in such an environment, to train with half the work and twice the result. Furthermore, through this type of training, Ye Qingyu vaguely discovered that in the cold air that the Snow Dragon exhaled, there was an incomparably strange energy contained within. This was far more pure than the coldness in the surrounding space. After absorbing this into the body, the benefits were extremely great. the power of his ice yuan qi greatly rose.

An ice crystal constantly transformed in his palm.

This was the power of the ice that Ye Qingyu controlled.

If it was in the past, after Ye Qingyu successfully [Spirit Raised], he could control the power of ice yuan qi. This was enough to instantly freeze a martial artist at the ordinary martial level. But for an expert of the Spirit spring stage, this did not possess enough power to kill them. And right now, the cold power held in Ye Qingyu’s hand had a great destructive power even towards the experts at the same stages of cultivation as him. Once this coldness entered into their body, it could instantly freeze their muscles and bones. Even the inner yuan could be frozen or perhaps slowed. It was exceedingly terrifying.

This was the effect after absorbing the breath of the Snow Dragon.

Ye Qingyu’s heart moved.

In his dantian world, fifteen Spirit springs roiled and roared.

Fifteen yuan qi dragons reappeared around his body.

Every silver yuan qi dragon represented a Spirit spring. If one carefully examined, one would discover that the outer appearance of each was largely different from the yuan qi silver dragons at the beginning. It was unexpectedly exceedingly similar to the slumbering Snow Dragon at the depths of the pit. It was a perfect imitation, as if it was a shrunken model of the Snow Dragon.

“After absorbing the pure ice and snow air exhaled from the Snow Dragon, my inner yuan can transform into a Snow Dragon illusion after it leaves my body. Its power is even greater.”

Ye Qingyu was very satisfied.

After cultivating for tens of days, the inner yuan in his body had already reached a complete stage.

He could begin to consider the next step, to consolidate a [Yuan Qi Kindling] and excavate the sixteenth Spirit spring.

This type of speed was faster than what Ye Qingyu had originally estimated.

He stood on the icy boulder, surveying the huge Snow Dragon below.

The massive body was coiled, as if it was a thousand-meter-tall mountain range. The huge head of the dragon was at the peak of the coil, and the figure of the dragon would rise and fall as it breathed. The crystal scales on its body would vibrate, translucent and sparkling. It was called the Snow Dragon, as if it was really a huge dragon sculpted from ice. An unending snow storm formed from its snout because of its breathing.

A faint pressure, was born in this ice room.

Ye Qingyu silently observed it for a period of time, then made a risky decision.

He walked downwards from the icy rock, slowly nearing the Snow Dragon.

The closer he got to the Snow Dragon, the denser the pure ice energy from the snowstorm was.

Ye Qingyu decided to excavate the sixteenth Spirit spring so he hoped to absorb more of the aura of the Snow Dragon.

Ye Qingyu stopped when the Snow Dragon was around five hundred meters away.

This type of distance was already a comparatively dangerous distance.

According to the information Ye Qingyu had seen in the books, and from some little experiments he had done these days, if he entered into a five hundred meter radius of the sleeping Snow Dragon, it would begin to sense his presence. If it received provocation, it would instinctively sense the existence of danger, awakening from its dream.

Looking at the Snow Dragon from so close and seeing such a perfect life form, Ye Qingyu felt that he was as little as an ant.

He sat cross legged in the ice and snow, beginning to train in the nameless breathing technique, absorbing the aura of the Snow Dragon.

For any martial artist of the inner ice attribute, this type of aura was a holy object to promote their strength.

Ye Qingyu became immersed in the long process of cultivation.

Big Head at the start lay beside Ye Qingyu, seeming to be guarding Ye Qingyu. But after laying there for several hours, he felt somewhat lonely and bored. First he circled around Ye Qingyu, wanting to jump on Ye Qingyu’s shoulder. But he was blocked by the ice crystal gale that encircled around Ye Qingyu. The fifteen yuan qi Snow Dragons were as if they were real, sometimes appearing, sometimes disappearing. Big Head could not get close.

Fifteen minutes later, the silly dog bounced and jumped upward. His little legs ran several hundred steps away, then he peed on the ground to make a marking.

A while later, this fellow with his nose sniffing, left the ice crystal space. It was unknown just where he went.

Time slowly passed by.

Another three days passed.

There was one more yuan qi Snow Dragon that encircled around Ye Qingyu.

Sixteen yuan qi Snow Dragons.

Sixteen Spirit springs.

Ye Qingyu’s strength, had risen yet again.

He did not awaken from his cultivation state, and still had his eyes closed in cultivation.

The unending aura of the Snow Dragon was emitted from the snout and mouth of the Snow Dragon, then transformed into a snow ice gale that was ultimately absorbed by Ye Qingyu into his body.

As time passed on, the ice and snow gale began to gradually show signs of weakening.

One could see that the aura emitted from the mouth and nose of the Snow Dragon King was not entirely an ice and snow gale anymore. One part of it transformed into an invisible pure energy that floated over, enveloping Ye Qingyu like a transparent ripple. Following Ye Qingyu’s breathing, it expanded and contracted. Unendingly, it entered into his mouth, his nose, his apertures, his pores, constantly entering into his body…

Ye Qingyu entirely entered into a strange state.

Time passed minute by second.

A day later.

The snow and wind gale in the ice space finally disappeared.

The air emitted from this Snow Dragon King had already transformed entirely into pure energy, heading towards Ye Qingyu, wrapping him within.

The Snow Dragon mirage surrounding Ye Qingyu had already became seventeen yuan qi Snow Dragons.

Seventeen Spirit springs!

Another Spirit spring was successfully excavated.

This type of speed was really universally shocking.

Only he was mad enough to dare to train next to a slumbering Snow Dragon King. If it was other martial artists at the same level, they would have long ran off as far as they could.

Another day passed.

The yuan qi silver dragons around Ye Qingyu became eighteen.

Eighteen Spirit springs

This type of growth in strength had already exceeded what common sense could explain.

Ye Qingyu still had not sensed this in the slightest, still within his state of cultivation. The him right now was as if he had turned into the glutton-like Big Head. His body was currently greedily sucking and absorbing the pure aura from the Snow Dragon King. Endless, his body was like a bottomless hole that could not be crammed full no matter what.

When the third day came, the yuan qi Snow Dragons around Ye Qingyu had already became nineteen.

Nineteen Spirit springs.

At this time, five hundred meters away, the slumbering Snow Dragon King slowly opened its eyes.

It looked in question at its surroundings. It seemed to find something was weird – why would it wake up prematurely.

The body of the Snow Dragon race had an extremely powerful behaviour pattern. After it entered sleep, unless it felt a huge threat or a great change in the surroundings it would not awaken, otherwise it would not wake up prematurely.

The massive body of the dragon minutely moved and uncoiled using a nimbleness that did not seem to belong to such a gigantic body. The huge head of the Snow Dragon King rose up without sound. After the Snow Dragon King had evaluated its surroundings, it finally noticed the existence of Ye Qingyu far away. As a life form with extremely strong territorial nature, a killing intent flashed by in the huge dragon eyes at the very first instance. Although its vision had already degenerated by a large degree, but at such a close distance, it could still vaguely see Ye Qingyu.

A tiny little ant dares to appear in my territory?

And to dare steal the energy of me?

This was just courting death.

Soundless frost, began gathering at the head of the Snow Dragon King.

The power of ice and wind instantly gathered.

If he was struck, Ye Qingyu would most likely turn to powder instantly.

But in the next instant, there was a trace of suspicion in the eyes of the Snow Dragon King. As if he had noticed something.

“What? Why is there the aura of the almighty divine dragon in the body of the little ant…”

The Snow Dragon King stopped what he was doing.

His huge head, slowly neared. It bent its head near, nearly touching Ye Qingyu’s body. The long dragon tassels encircled around Ye Qingyu’s body like rope, as if he was seriously sensing something. The questioning look in its eyes became thicker and thicker.

A mortal really had the aura of the divine dragon on him?

Too bizarre.

The Snow Dragon had not yet thought of what to do when, suddenly—

A white-coloured lightning came from above him.

“Woof, Woof… Hou!”

The white-coloured lightning turned into an adorable little dog. The sound of growling came from his mouth and his little white milk teeth glistened. He had a countenance that he was about to charge over and tear the Snow Dragon into pieces.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 163:


Chapter 164 – Increase in Strength

“Woof!Woof!Woof!…”

Big Head madly growled, doing his utmost to put on a fearsome expression. He seemed like he was about to rush out and pit his life.

The pressure of the Snow Dragon King spread out, it’s massive head slowly encroached towards Big Head.

The comparison of their figures was extremely peculiar, making some people not know whether to laugh or to cry. Big Head was not even as large as one of the eyes of the Snow Dragon King.

“An… an even smaller ant?” The descriptive words of the Snow Dragon King was somewhat lacking.

Something that was weaker than itself, it would always refer to as an ant or a worm. In its eyes, Big Head was comparable to Ye Qingyu; that is, an even weaker ant.

“Woof!Woof!… Big worm, release my master.”

A weak voice came from the mouth of Big Head.

The Snow Dragon King blinked its eyes. There was confusion in its eyes as it stared at Big Head.

Big Head seeing the massive eyelids of the Snow Dragon King moving realized danger. These eyelids were like the two doors of the city gate opening and closing. Therefore, he retreated a step to prevent the eyelids of the Snow Dragon King clamping onto him when they moved. He still emitted growls of rage from his throat, the sharp little fangs in his mouth used to threaten the opponent.

“It’s the aura of the divine dragon again?”

The Snow Dragon King was even more confused.

Why was it that in the body of the two little bugs, there was the aura of the almighty divine dragon?

He released the dragon tassels coiled around Ye Qingyu and slowly lifted its head.

The divine dragon was the deity of the almighty dragon race, the omnipotent ruler. The creator of the dragon race and its protector, the highest level of existence.

As the descendant of the dragon race, there was thin dragon blood flowing in the body of the Snow Dragon King. It absolutely could not show any disrespect to the divine dragon. Even if the two little worms in front of him… eh, no, two little lives, they had the divine dragon aura in them so they were not little bugs anymore. The Snow Dragon King would absolutely not hurt them.

The almighty divine dragon had disappeared for far too long a time.

The glory of the dragon race gradually faded along with the disappearance of the almighty divine dragon. Like the sun setting in the East, the previous days of radiance could not be recovered.

If they were able to find the almighty divine dragon, then…

As the Snow Dragon King thought about this, its heart could not help but be emotionally moved.

In its long and icy life before, it had never been so moved like now.

But very quickly, it felt somewhat tired.

Damn, this was the repercussions of awakening prematurely.

The Snow Dragon King felt that his eyelids could not be opened anymore and a dense tiredness was about to drown him in like a tide. The behavioural pattern that had been created from the long years could hardly be suppressed even if his heart was excited. His body automatically began to coil up again, coiled like a mountain, then his head once again slowly settled onto his body, entering into a deep slumber…

“After I awaken, I must go find the almighty divine dragon. I have already remembered the aura of these two lifeforms. By following them, I can definitely find his highness.”

The Snow Dragon King thought of this in the last moment before his slumber.

Then he entered into a long and deep sleep.

Even the Snow Dragon King himself did not know just when he would next awaken next.

Opposite.

The Big Head who had maintained an angry growl and a battle state was somewhat dumbfounded upon seeing this scene.

A short while later.

“Woof, woof… Big worm, are you scared? Pretending to be dead?” Big Head, seeing the big worm retreat, was somewhat pleased with himself. Then he saw the Snow Dragon King entering into his slumber again and was even more pleased with himself. “Haha, you’re so scared you fainted? You should know how powerful I am…”

Then he loyally returned next to Ye Qingyu to protect him.

“Sigh, to protect such a scatterbrain master is really filled with troubles. If not for me protecting him, he should have been eaten by that big worm.”

Big Head lay where he was, a worried expression as he spoke to himself.

Without knowing why, just when danger arrived, he could suddenly freely speak fluently when facing the Snow Dragon King.

Previously, he could only spit out several simple sounds and words. Perhaps it was because he was nervous before?

After his nervousness had gone, Big Head discovered that he could already fluently and smoothly speak the language of humans. This type of feeling of speaking, was really not too bad.

As he thought of this, he had a type of impulse to shake Ye Qingyu awake who was currently training and speak with him.

Thankfully, he still vaguely understood some common sense of humans cultivating. He knew that at this time, he could not disturb Ye Qingyu, finally managing to suppress this urge.

Time passed minute by minute, second by second.

Half a day later.

“Ah, why has he not awakened yet? Master training is really boring, I should go around and have a look at other places… woof, woof, that’s right, I remember a place that I just passed by that seemed to have delicious things…” He suddenly thought of something. Glancing at Ye Qingyu, he left with his tail wagging.

Another half a day passed.

The encircling yuan qi Snow Dragon illusions around Ye Qingyu’s body finally became twenty.

Twenty Spirit springs.

This was a threshold in the Spirit spring stage.

Normally, one could begin to [Spirit Raise] after twenty Spirit springs. They could even begin to attempt to breakthrough to the Bitter Sea stage. This stage could be counted as breaking past the early stages of the Spirit spring stage and heading towards the middle stage of the Spirit springs.

The number of yuan qi Spirit springs that could be excavated in the dantian of the Human Race had never had an absolute number of limit.

Normally, once a martial artist was able to cultivate to twenty Spirit springs, they could attempt to breakthrough to the Bitter Sea stage.

But the large majority of martial artist would not do such a thing.

Because the Spirit spring stage was the most important stage of the martial path.

The decision made at this stage would decide the limits of their future cultivation.

At the Spirit spring stage, the more Spirit springs one was able to excavate, the greater their future potential.

Ye Qingyu had once seen stories relating to this in some biographies. Legend had it that there was once someone in the ancient times, a human ancestor who had accumulated and prepared well in such a stage. He excavated nearly a hundred Spirit springs in his dantian world. Only then did he enter the Bitter Sea stage. The predecessor, when he was at the Spirit spring stage could already fight against someone at the Bitter Sea stage. Once he entered the beginning stages of Bitter Sea, there was a great apparition caused by his breakthrough. Controlling and grasping two types of true Wills of the Martial Path, even famous Bitter Sea stage experts were not his opponent. This was the power of accumulation and preparing well at this stage.

There were some who could not resist, however. Only after cultivating to twenty Spirit strings, they chose to enter the Bitter Sea stage early. Their future will always remain in such a stage, and they will never be able to touch the Heaven Ascension stage.

Sometimes, their strength was not even as profound and deep as Spirit spring experts.

Such a Bitter Sea stage expert’s strength was just average. They had no particular attributes apart from their longevity being extended to five hundred years of age. Such people were called fake Bitter Sea stage experts.

Ye Qingyu had already cultivated to the twenty Spirit springs stage. In theory, he could already attempt to breakthrough to the Bitter Sea stage.

But he would definitely not do this.

The twenty yuan qi Snow Dragon illusions encircling him became more and more fearsome and lifelike, as if there really was twenty Snow Dragons protection him. Amidst the their faint roars, the Snow Dragons coiled around Ye Qingyu’s arms, shoulder, head, and neck, like a snow crystal Snow Dragon armour. It caused Ye Qingyu to seem incomparably fearsome, faintly divine. It was as if he was magical, as if he had broken out from a painting.

After his strength had reached the twenty Spirit springs, his cultivation could be counted as encountering a small bottleneck.

Ye Qingyu’s body did not absorb the aura of the Snow Dragon anymore.

He gradually awakened from the state where he forgot himself.

The moment he awakened, he was taken aback. Then a fiercely delighted expression appeared on his face.

“I really leapt to the twenty Spirit springs stage in one go?”

He really could not believe this.

Several days before entering this state, the expectations Ye Qingyu had at the beginning was just to borrow the aura of the Snow Dragon to purify his ice yuan qi.

But he had never imagined that his harvest would be so great. This made him overjoyed at the turn of events.

To have excavated five Spirit springs in one breath!

Using inner vision to look at his dantian.

In the boundless desert world, the twenty Spirit springs were surging and flowing. There was a trace of coldness, but it was filled with a translucent vitality, nourishing the surrounding desert.

Around the surrounding of the twenty Spirit springs, the yuan qi springs had already encroached several thousand meters. Forming little lakes roughly a thousand meters wide, they seemed like twenty pearls adorning Ye Qingyu’s desert world. This was the difference between a martial artist and a normal person. The normal person’s dantian world was just desert, void of all life. And the martial artist through cultivation, gave the possibility of life to the dantian world.

Ye Qingyu activated his inner yuan.

Within the twenty Spirit springs, there were dragon roars and water soaring to the sky, transforming into twenty Snow Dragons illusion that flowed towards his limbs and bones.

This was the source of Ye Qingyu’s energy.

Every Snow Dragon illusion swirled within his body, moving as his heart willed, extremely nimble. When his inner yuan had completely filled his body, he could sense a unprecedented strength and power.

“I’ve finally left the early stages of the Spirit spring stage, and entered into the middle stages!”

Ye Qingyu could not but help sigh with emotion.

This could be counted as a great threshold in the martial cultivation path.

Twenty Spirit springs did not just represent a growth in strength. It also represented an increase in the age you could live to.

If Ye Qingyu’s previous longevity was a hundred, then after entering into the twenty Spirit springs stage, his longevity could be increased to above two hundred.

This is because as the strength of the expert increased, their blood, bones and bone marrow would change fundamentally. Their dantian world would become more abundant, their life force strengthening countless times over. Therefore, they could live even longer, where normal illness would not afflict them and normal fire or water could not affect them.

“One Spirit spring has around ten thousand pounds of force. For martial artists, every Spirit spring that is excavated is an upgrade in the nature of their life force. Twenty Spirit springs at least had two hundred thousand pounds of force.”

Ye Qingyu sensed the power inside his body.

Previously, with the information he had seen in many books, he had only understood it through words and had not experienced it using his body.

And at this moment, Ye Qingyu’s understanding towards the martial power and martial realm became even more clear.

As his heart willed and his inner yuan activated, twenty Snow Dragon mirages coalesced around his body, cold air surging.

It was as if he just willed, then the Snow Dragon mirage could jet out and devour all his opponents.

Ye Qingyu looked at the far off slumbering Snow Dragon king. He did not know what had happened when he was cultivating was akin to taking a stroll in the gates of hell. But at this time, he could already sense that he was brimming with the aura of the Snow Dragon King. There was no way he could absorb anymore.

He knew, that his time to leave had come.

Step by step, he walked to the top of the ice space.

Every step he took, an ice lotus would bloom at his foot that supported him, slowly raising him up. Cold ice like white jade unendingly formed below his feet, supporting his entire person. Very quickly, Ye Qingyu was transported to the icy boulder at the start.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 164:


Chapter 165 – Dragon’s Tomb

“Big Head? Just where has that fellow ran off to again…”

On the upper edges of the ice space, Ye Qingyu could not find Big Head anywhere. He had a faint feeling of unrest.

Near this current period, this blockhead had always invited disaster. Could he have ran to a Snow Dragon’s den, and attempted to eat a Snow Dragon?

This was far too crazy and ridiculous.

And just when Ye Qingyu was thinking about this, accompanied by two barks, a white streak of lightning suddenly appeared from the passageway. It sprinted in front of him.

“Eat, yummy, quickly come… Master, something tasty, woof has discovered something good…” Big Head sparkled with joy. He possessed a countenance of trying to win favour and his tail was wagging like shooting stars.

In Big Head’s mouth, he was holding a white-coloured egg that was about the size of his own body. His saliva was dripping on it. Carefully and cautiously he placed it in front of Ye Qingyu then he jumped and hopped around Ye Qingyu’s leg, his eyes filled with joy. He had the manner of someone awaiting his praise and reward.

An egg?

This was the Snow Dragon’s den, could it be that this fellow had brought a dragon’s egg back?

This is… dragon… dr–dra-dragon egg?

A light flashed by in Ye Qingyu’s mind. He suddenly realized something.

Then instantly he felt his entire body being unwell.

This fellow wouldn’t have really stolen a Snow Dragon’s egg from some place?

Ye Qingyu felt his scalp going somewhat numb.

This was really framing his master.

If this was discovered by the Snow Dragons, then both of them added together could not even fill the crevice between the furious Snow Dragon’s teeth.

Big Head still did not know what he had done wrong and was waiting for his praise patiently. Ye Qingyu really wanted to send this thing flying with one kick, then pretend he did not know him at all.

“Yummy, this, yummy, master…” Big Head was dripping with saliva while waiting for his praise.

Ye Qingyu wanted to faint at this instant.

This was a Snow Dragon’s egg.

It could birth a little Snow Dragon.

Eat it?

To waste natural resources like this by eating it was simply a sin.

Ye Qingyu eyes glimmered with light. After a slight hesitation, he ultimately picked up the Snow Dragon egg.

The lustrous white oval was much more heavy than what it seemed like from the outside. It was cold to the hand, satin like texture, as if he was clasping a piece of cold ice. A slight chill seemed to encroach along his arm. Even with Ye Qingyu’s strength, he could not help but activate his inner yuan to resist against the attack of this terrifying cold.

But the instant he activated his inner yuan, Ye Qingyu’s face changed.

The inner yuan in his body followed along his palm and into the egg. Like the release of a flood, it involuntarily rushed towards the egg of the Snow Dragon.

This type of feeling was as if the Snow Dragon egg was automatically absorbing nutrition from him.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu felt a faint life force emitting from the Snow Dragon egg.

This type of life force fluctuation seemed to bring with it a faint reliance and familiarity.

Ye Qingyu was startled and immediately stopped activating his inner yuan. His palm moved away from the Snow Dragon egg.

Everything returned to normal.

“This egg is slightly strange; it is already showing signs of life. Could it be that the little Snow Dragon inside is about to break out?“

Ye Qingyu had a strange sensation.

If this egg could really give birth to a little Snow Dragon, then this could absolutely be counted as a hard to encounter fortune.

For any human expert, to be able to raise a Snow Dragon as a battle pet, was an incomparably rare matter.

The strength of the Snow Dragon in battle was a factor that did not need to be mentioned. But no matter what the kind of dragon, to have one as a battle companion represented power, mystery, and nobility within human society.

He turned his head to look at the Big Head taking credit for his achievement.

Could this fellow really be my lucky star?

To really have helped me steal a battle companion with limitless potential…

Haha, this fellow must have felt he was far too trash and felt too ashamed so after his conscience kicked in, he found a powerful battle pet as compensation?

Ye Qingyu was furtively delighted.

But who would have guessed Big Head would open his mouth and say a phrase, “Eat, yummy…”

Ye Qingyu had the impulse to lift both his hands in surrender.

Fine, a glutton was a glutton in the end. In his eyes, the use of anything was to be eaten. He would not consider any other factors. It seems like he should not have too many expectations for him.

Ye Qingyu, with the Snow Dragon egg at the center of his palm, began examining it.

The egg was slightly larger than a human’s hand. It was sparkling and translucent, as if it was an oval sculpted from the highest quality jade. It emitted a silver white mist, it was as if one could see deep inside or as if one could not see through it. Ye Qingyu did not know whether it was him over thinking it, or he had mistakenly seen something, but Ye Qingyu felt there was something moving rapidly in the egg.

“Woof, woof. That’s right, I remember, Master, Little Nine* saved you yesterday…” Big Head said, hopping and jumping.

“Oh…” Ye Qingyu replied automatically without paying much attention, still examining the Snow Dragon egg. Then he realized something, staring at the glutton, and said in surprise: “Save me? Little Nine? Who is that?”

“Little Nine is myself…” The silly dog said in a coy manner.

Myself? Your referring to you?” Ye Qingyu said in shock.

The silly dog began excitedly nodding his head, his head going up and down like pounding garlic.

Ye Qingyu instantly became interested, “Aren’t you called Big Head? I’ve long given you a name, how has it became Little Nine? That doesn’t sound good, Big Head sounds better. Change it back…”

Big Head was astonished for a moment, lowering his eyebrows in gloom, then let out a snort. “Woof, woof, I don’t want that. Big Head sounds so bad. My name is called Little Nine… Master, from now on, woof is called Little Nine.”

Ye Qingyu heard this and nodded his head, “Fine, fine, as you wish, Little Nine.”

Little Nine became excited again. “Thank you Master. Woof, woof, I saved you yesterday…”

“That’s right, where did you find this egg?” Ye Qingyu interjected in Little Nine’s words, pointing at the Snow Dragon egg in his hand. Seriously asking, “Is there still any left?”

“I discovered it in a very cold ice hole… that’s right, master, I saved you yesterday…” Little Nine said excitedly.

“Oh, I know. Bring me over to have a look.” Ye Qingyu’s eyes glimmered, his mind completely occupied with Snow Dragon eggs.

“Fine Master, I’ll bring you over…” Little Nine excitedly wagged his tail, turning his body and heading towards the outside passageway. As he jumped and hopped excitedly he said, “I only found these bird eggs by accident… That’s right, master, I was just saying to you, I saved you yesterday…”

“Bird eggs? Did you eat several already?” Ye Qingyu broke apart Little Nine’s words again.

He suddenly felt that to bring this glutton in a Snow Dragon egg was a wrong decision. If there really was a nest of Snow Dragon eggs, most likely it would be nearly destroyed by this glutton. This was really like releasing a great wolf into a flock of sheep, just how many sheep would remain alive?

As they turned to leave the ice space, Ye Qingyu lowered his head to look at the slumbering Snow Dragon King.

That’s right, the time to quickly leave had come.

He did not know just when the Snow Dragon would awaken. Since he had already absorbed enough of the aura of the Snow Dragon with his inner yuan explosively rising to twenty Spirit springs, he had no way of increasing it anymore in a short time. There was not a need to take risks anymore.

“No, I haven’t eaten yet…” Little Nine led the way, his little tail wagging adorably. Turning his head to say, “That’s right, master, Little Nine saved you yesterday…”

Before he had finished.

There was a slipping noise, then suddenly he slid down.

Ye Qingyu quickly chased after to look. There was a steep incline that extended hundreds of meters downwards. The icy surface was incomparably slippery, as if it was often polished, without the slightest trace of dust or grime. It was meters wide, seeming like a passage, and the two walls on the side were also extremely polished. Little Nine with his little bottom on the ice chute, excitedly barked, “It’s down, it’s down here…”

Ye Qingyu activated the White Horse wings, following downwards.

Gradually, a strange ice aura began to emit from down the passageway.

Ye Qingyu sensed the bizarreness.

“Below is the place where the Snow Dragon eggs are stored? A very pure aura of Snow Dragons…”

He was able to sense, that the aura emitting from below them was stronger and purer than the aura emitted by the slumbering Snow Dragon King.

As they headed downwards, the ice chute suddenly stopped and a flat space appeared.

Little Nine madly sprinted in front.

Ye Qingyu quickly followed after.

The pure Snow Dragon aura was richer and purer here. It was nearly at the Xiantian ice snow aura of the Snow Dragon.

This made Ye Qingyu even more curious.

Approximately a hundred meters after, the ice slope changed its incline again. This time it was nearly completely vertical, as if it was a huge ice well in front of them.

“Eh, what is this?”

Ye Qingyu activated the wings of the [White Horse Battle Armour], gradually descending. He suddenly saw that on the walls of the ice well, there were strange marks left by the chafing of something. If one examined in detail, one could see that there were Snow Dragon scales embedded on the walls. Every dragon scale was about the size of a shield, bright and resplendent, as if it was created through superlative craftsmanship. It brought with it a faint Snow Dragon pressure that was not inferior in any way to the previous Snow Dragon King…

“These dragons scales must be from a powerful being in the Snow Dragon race.”

Ye Qingyu understood in his heart.

He did not know how many thousands of meters he descended when he heard the loud barks of Little Nine.

Then suddenly Ye Qingyu felt his eyes brightening.

An entirely new huge underground ice world appeared before Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

When he saw the things in this little world, Ye Qingyu was instantly dumbfounded.

“Heavens, this is far too incredible. What am I seeing… these are dead Snow Dragons? Massive dragon corpses?”

Ye Qingyu was petrified.

There were dragon corpses everywhere.

True dragon corpses.

Everywhere the eye could see, there was one after another of Snow Dragon corpses that formed small hills within this huge ice world. Every dragon corpse was at least ten thousand meters long, tens of times larger than the previous Snow Dragon King. These dragon corpses silently lay on the icy ground, as if they were a towering mountain range. There was also a strange splendour that emitted from these dragon corpses. The entire space was resplendent, incomparably bright. If not for the fact that there was not any fluctuation of life in this space, Ye Qingyu would definitely believe that this was the slumbering place of countless huge Snow Dragons.

These huge dragons that had died, their expressions were very peaceful.

The pure aura of ice and snow was throughout the air. But it did not cause the atmosphere of this little world to become gloomy and cold. Conversely, there was a sacred atmosphere, as if this place was a holy ground.

“Could this be the dragon tomb of legends?”

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something.

*Sounds like Little dog in Chinese

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

