Chapter 1177:


Chapter 1192 - Invincible (2)

"His crimes do not warrant death, so why don't you spare him?" the voice who had spoken continued.

The voice belonged to a Martial Emperor and this Martial Emperor sounded like he had also depressed his own cultivation and did not completely ascend to his true Emperor cultivation. He was also a sovereign within Royal City and his voice carried wisps of Emperor qi activity. This sovereign was clearly on the side of the sovereign of the Sky Fox.

Ye Qingyu scoffed coldly and said, "Are you going to stop me?"

He was now a Martial Emperor himself and carried the mandate of heaven at the prime of his youth, so he was already standing at the pinnacle of the martial way. Thus, he spoke forcefully and did not show any sign of weakness. The Martial Emperor who had spoken did not speak up when the sovereign of the Sky Fox had attempted to kill Ye Qingyu, so the fact that he only spoke up now showed that he was on the sovereign of the Sky Fox's side. He was so biased that Ye Qingyu was filled with anger.

"Young man, you shouldn't act rashly. Don't kill others over such minor issues," the voice said once more.

Ye Qingyu scoffed and said, "There's a deep enmity between us since he tried to take my life, so I can't spare him. If you wish to protect him, why don't you ascend to your true Martial Emperor cultivation and battle me? Otherwise, don't even think of stopping me."

The voice fell silent.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox was like a bird trapped in a cage and as the [Blood Drinker Sword] pressed down on his neck, he felt death looming closer. He shrieked and said, "My friend, Brother Dark Feather, save me..." He no longer cared about his pride now that he felt the threat of death so keenly and begged for mercy.

Ye Qingyu held the [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand and Emperor mist swirled and seethed with murderous spirit all around him. He barked out a cold laugh and said, "Have you all awakened from your slumber to save this fox? He had schemed against me first, and tried to prevent me from gaining Dao later. There is an irreconcilable enmity between us, so if anyone else wants to plead for mercy, then be prepared to ascend to your Martial Emperor cultivation and battle me."

He made his stance extremely clear.

Ye Qingyu was determined to kill the sovereign of the Sky Fox today and would not abandon this plan because of anyone. Moreover, there was no reason for him to spare the sovereign of the Sky Fox since he had brought this upon himself.

After he spoke, three Emperor auras out of the several Martial Emperors who had appeared finally disappeared, as though they had re-entered a strange state of hibernation.

"Ha ha, you've just become a Martial Emperor and you're already so domineering. Even after you've stabilized your Martial Emperor cultivation, you should know that you won't be able to rule over the entire world," another voice piped up aggressively. His words were similar to the words the first Martial Emperor had said and he sounded very unfriendly.

"Brother Skyreach you must believe me when I say that Sinner's blood runs through this man's body, so you definitely must not let him..." the sovereign of the Sky Fox grew bolder when he saw that another Martial Emperor had stood up for him. He tried to use his words to instigate the other Martial Emperors who were observing the situation to attack Ye Qingyu.

However, Ye Qingyu's sword fell before he could even finish his sentence. There was a flash of divine splendor and the head of the sovereign of the Sky Fox fell.

"Your life was already hanging by a thread but you still dared to try to instigate and confuse the crowd with your heretical words. Did you really assume that I wouldn't dare to kill you? It's time for you to die," Ye Qingyu yelled and attacked mercilessly.

"Ah...you..." the sovereign of the Sky Fox sensed that the silver long sword contained a mysterious Emperor qi that immediately destroyed everything in his body, and his spirit was also torn into pieces by this qi.

The shadow of death had truly descended.

"No, don't kill me. I... spare me..." a phantom figure of a white nine-tailed Sky Fox appeared in the void. This phantom figure was the last spirit of the sovereign of the Sky Fox. He was truly frightened since he had not expected Ye Qingyu to act so boldly despite two Martial Emperors pleading for mercy on his behalf. He was consumed with regret and extremely terrified as he frantically begged for mercy.

"I can't spare you. Time to die," Ye Qingyu completely ignored his pleas and as the sword will from the [Life Sword Mantra] exploded from his [Blood Drinker Sword], he easily destroyed both the sovereign of the Sky Fox's body and spirit.

Puff!

Emperor blood gushed out.

Layers of chains that contained the laws of Dao and the power of laws spurted out from the fox's neck like black and white blood.

There was a low rumble of thunder in the universe and at the same time, a peculiar energy wafted from the white fox's body.

An Emperor had perished.

This were the signs that an Emperor had died.

Silence seemed to fall upon the entire Guardians Royal City and countless people stood frozen to the spot on the Azure Cloud Square. The Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, Poison Flower Princess, Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan, Linghu Buxiu and Nie Tiankong were absolutely dumbfounded and their minds were a complete blank. The death of King Zhenyuan earlier had made each one of them feel a varying mix of shock, fright, or excitement but now, their minds were just a complete blank.

Many generations and centuries had passed but no one had witnessed the death of a Martial Emperor—— moreover, this Martial Emperor had died so tragically.

No one could believe their eyes.

"Keep!" Ye Qingyu yelled.

Then, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] spun around and a whirlpool that seemed like a black hole appeared at the mouth of the cauldron and instantly sucked the corpse of the sovereign of the Sky Fox within its murky depths. The [Blood Drinker Sword’s] splendor glowed even brighter as it quickly absorbed all of the Emperor blood that had splattered across the void.

He stood alone in the firmament and was as high as the heavens.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox would never be seen again and all signs of the sovereign of the Sky Fox were completely wiped away, as though he had never truly existed.

"You..." the sovereign of the Dark Feather yelled angrily.

"You've gone too far. You're simply too arrogant and contemptuous," Sovereign Skyreach said in anger.

They were enraged that Ye Qingyu had not accorded them due respect and killed the sovereign of the Sky Fox even before they finished their pleas for mercy.

"You might be young but you're extremely ruthless. You've only been at Royal City for a short period of time, but you've already killed countless noblemen, the King of Zhenyuan, and now the sovereign of the Sky Fox. You've stirred up chaos and diminished the strength of the camp, so are you working for the Invaders?" Sovereign Skyreach was extremely angry and immediately put the blame on Ye Qingyu.

"You're definitely up to no good. I guess the sovereign of the Sky Fox was right about the fact that Sinner's blood flows through your veins. You must be a Sinner and I pity the sovereign of the Sky Fox for being killed because he revealed your true identity," the sovereign of the Dark Feather said menacingly.

Yet another Martial Emperor had named him a Sinner.

These two Martial Emperors' words definitely carried weight and the Emperor aura that had vanished earlier gradually reappeared.

The words of Sovereign Skyreach and the sovereign of the Demon Father had caused the sovereigns in Royal City to waver.

Ye Qingyu stood in the void fearlessly and said, "If you refuse to accept this outcome, then feel free to ascend to your Martial Emperor cultivation and challenge me in battle."

He scoffed coldly and he had an extremely low opinion of the two Martial Emperors who had sided with the sovereign of the Sky Fox. He was the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] within the camp and had limitless potential, but he only had the support of the sovereign of the Sun clan. When he was being refined by the sovereign of the Sky Fox, none of them had helped him on the basis that the strength of the camp was being diminished, yet they were now trying to fan the flames and instigate others to attack him.

"You..." the two sovereigns were enraged but they hesitated.

This was no longer their era and if they ascended to their true Emperor cultivation, there would be a huge price to pay and it would also reduce their lifespan. Furthermore, Ye Qingyu was a true Martial Emperor and he was incredibly mighty, so they might even sustain injuries and end up losing more than they would stand to gain.

"You would soon have to pay the price for killing an Emperor today," Sovereign Skyreach said, then he finally fell silent and his aura vanished.

"I will definitely kill you in the future," the sovereign of the Dark Feather said. He was very reluctant to leave but he ultimately chose to return into hiding. Although his interests were closely aligned with the sovereign of the Sky Fox , now that the sovereign of the Sky Fox was dead, there was no need to ascend to his true Emperor cultivation for a dead man.

As for the several Martial Emperor auras that had reappeared, they hesitated for a moment before silently vanishing.

Ye Qingyu stood in the firmament and his authority was matchless as he said, "I'll welcome your challenge anytime."

His voice echoed throughout the void.

This was a form of potential, right, and status that he exuded now that he had become an Emperor. If he was still fearful at this stage, then he should give up on the idea of gaining Dao altogether.

Today, he could proudly look down on everything in this world from his lofty perch.

Rumble!

The Azure Cloud Platform slowly descended.

Ye Qingyu landed on the Azure Cloud Platform and soon, he came back to ground level.

"Greetings, your highness."

"Greetings, Sovereign Zhang Longcheng."

"Long live Your Highness."

Many people on the Azure Cloud Square fell to their knees. In accordance with the laws of the camp, anyone who became an Emperor would also become a sovereign of the camp. Thus, even an unknown man without any title could immediately rise to the highest position in this world. After all, the Martial Emperor was the most powerful existence in this world.

Even the noblemen of the King of Zhenyuan's residence had also fallen to their knees. They were struck with terror and afraid that Ye Qingyu would come after them now that he was a sovereign and kill them all.

Nie Tiankong was also amongst those who had fallen to their knees.

Nie Tiankong was completely consumed with regret at that moment. He could have become a benefactor of a Martial Emperor and could have won the favor and support of this Martial Emperor, but he had chosen to give up everything at the final and most crucial moment and side with this Martial Emperor's enemy.

He was so overcome with regret when he recalled what had happened on the Azure Cloud Platform earlier that he could have strangled himself.

Everything that happened in the past was like a beautiful pipe dream that vanished into smoke.

He held a high position within the camp and was a commander, but now, he tried his best to blend in with the rest of the kneeling people and hoped that he wouldn't be discovered. He was terrified that Ye Qingyu would humiliate him and hold him accountable for what he had done.

Linghu Buxiu, Marquis Tingtao, and Lin Nanzhu were also amongst those who knelt on the ground. They were incredibly excited because they believed that after Ye Qingyu had become Emperor, he would continue to remain righteous and upright and would bring glory to Royal City.

This was a Martial Emperor at his peak and in the prime of his youth, so unlike the other sovereigns who were in hiding after their golden era had passed, this was a newly minted sovereign who had the power to truly rule over the entire Royal City and Dark Realm.

This was also a rule of law.

Only the Crown Prince, Poison Flower Princess, and the Second Prince remained standing in the crowd. They were extremely frightened but they clenched their jaw tightly and looked fiercely at Ye Qingyu.

Someone tugged on the Crown Prince's arm.

"Don't try to make me kneel. I will not kneel in front of someone who murdered my father. Ha ha," the Crown Prince said with a cold laugh. He glared at Ye Qingyu and said, "Hey, Zhang Longcheng, kill me if you dare. We, the Yuan clan, will never forget the humiliation we've suffered today. I will never forget the fact that you've killed my father for as long as I live, and I will avenge his death one day."

He sounded very tough and fearless.

If they begged and groveled for mercy, they would definitely die, so their chances at survival might be higher if they put on a tough act. This was the strategy that the Poison Flower Princess, the Second Prince, and himself had agreed on.

"That's right. Wipe out the Yuan clan if you dare," Poison Flower Princess added. Her face was deathly pale but she maintained a brave front.

The Second Prince also summoned up all his courage to say, 'Yes, if you spare us, we will definitely get our revenge one day."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1178:


Chapter 1193 - Great Emperor of Divine Farmers

"He's right. If you spare us, we will definitely come back for revenge one day," the Crown Prince yelled haughtily. He was extremely frightened, but he only put on a tough act in the hopes that this reverse-psychology tactic would be able to save his life.

"Your Highness, please bow down. Sovereign Zhang Longcheng is a sovereign of this era, so he wouldn't hold this against you." A nobleman who was still rather loyal to the King of Zhenyuan quickly nudged the Crown Prince and shot him a look.

"Pfft, me? Bow to him?" the Crown Prince said as he clenched his jaw, his face pale. He deliberately said with conviction, "Impossible. Hmph, if he's worried that I will seek revenge, then he should kill me today."

"That's right. We, the Yuan clan, will never be cowards who bow to the enemy." Poison Flower Princess was trembling all over but she still tried to put on a fearless act.

"Kill us all if you dare," Yuan Wenguo, the Second Prince, said fiercely.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

He obviously knew what kind of game these three were trying to play. Their amateurish attempt at tricking him was like teaching a fish how to swim. He knew exactly what these three people from the King of Zhenyuan's residence were like, especially after their recent clashes with each other.

"Very well. I shall kill all of you then." Ye Qingyu nodded.

At his mental command, Yuan Wenguo, the Second Prince, transformed into a beautiful bloody mist that dissipated and vanished from this world without leaving a trace.

"I shall grant your wish," Ye Qingyu said as he looked at Poison Flower Princess and the Crown Prince. "If the King of Zhenyuan had said those words, I might have spared him. After all, he had made significant contributions to the Guardians Royal City in the past and he was also a true expert. As for the rest of you, haha, you're merely a bunch of parasites. I'm sure you're well aware of what you've done over the years, and according to the laws of the camp, you should have already died many times over."

Then, there was a soft pop as Poison Flower Princess transformed into a bloody mist just as Yuan Wenguo had earlier and vanished from this world. There was nothing left of her spirit either.

Ye Qingyu turned back to look at the Crown Prince.

Thump!

The Crown Prince's legs immediately gave way and he slumped to the ground. There was a pungent odor from his buttocks as he lost control of his bowels. He froze for a moment when he realized that urine and feces had spilled out of his body, then he crawled back up to kneel on the ground and frantically beg for mercy. "Military Judge Zhang Longcheng... no, Sovereign Zhang Longcheng, spare me. Please spare me... This was all my father Yuan Wenjun's fault. I tried to talk him out of it, but he insisted on making things difficult for you. Please spare me, I'm still very young and have no wish to die. Yuan Wenguo, that old bastard, was the one who made me say those words earlier... I'll do anything you ask as long as you spare me. I can eject myself from the King of Zhenyuan's residence and change my last name. I'll do anything..."

He immediately reacted like a spineless dog and his courage and authority had completely left him as he sniveled and begged for mercy.

Those in the crowd, including those who had once respected him, looked at him disdainfully. How could this man betray his ancestors and say such disrespectful words in order to survive? He was indeed worse than the beasts.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

"A man like yourself will only sully this clear sky and white clouds by existing, so you're better off dead."

The Crown Prince looked at him in horror, then he transformed into a bloody mist at Ye Qingyu's mental command and vanished from this world. Thus, his life that had been filled with crime came to an end.

Ye Qingyu walked toward Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan, Lin Nanzhu, and Linghu Buxiu and said with a smile, "Rise, there's no need to stand on ceremony with me. After all, I'm still the same person. Let's go."

The trio quickly rose to their feet at his words.

"Hehe, I knew that you wouldn't change..." Lin Nanzhu blurted out without thinking, but immediately stopped when Lin Xuan shot her a glare. Then, she stuck out her tongue playfully.

Relief washed over her and she was so elated that she wanted to dance in joy.

She was very kind, so she was thrilled for both Ye Qingyu and the Marquis Tingtao's residence. She was sure that all the danger that they faced had vanished. After all, what could stop a Martial Emperor? And was there anything a Martial Emperor couldn't stop?

"Brother Linghu Buxiu, you must have suffered greatly during this period." Ye Qingyu gently smacked Linghu Buxiu's shoulder and they slipped back into their easy camaraderie.

Linghu Buxiu suddenly felt tears prick at the back of his eyes and he struggled to hold his tears back.

He suddenly felt as though all the disdain, harassment, and humiliation that he had suffered through recently, along with all the ridicule and suppression his own clan had to go through, were completely worth it. He had reaped a great reward that was many times greater than what he had put in, so all the pain from the suffering he went through immediately vanished.

If he had to put his feelings into words, it would be this—sweetness had finally come after hardship.

"Your Highness, please," Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan still said deferentially.

He was a very strait-laced person who strictly observed decorum. Otherwise, he would have never become suspicious of everything in Royal City because of what he saw in the Expansion Way of the Universe. He firmly believed in the ancient sayings, and thus, even though Ye Qingyu treated him like a friend, he had already accorded Ye Qingyu the due respect of a lofty sovereign.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The quartet made their way outside.

He suddenly stopped when he was passing by Nie Tiankong and the others, then he looked at Nie Tiankong.

Nie Tiankong's heart dropped. He was so nervous that his heart almost burst out of his chest. He knew that there was no way to avoid Ye Qingyu, so he steeled himself and quickly bowed respectfully. "Greetings, Your Highness."

"Commander Nie Tiankong, there's no need to hide among the crowd. We're old acquaintances after all," Ye Qingyu said gently.

"I... I've made a mistake." Nie Tiankong's heart was filled with warmth, but this warmth quickly cooled away and he hurriedly said, "I shouldn't have switched my allegiance to the Sky Fox clan and lent the King of Zhenyuan my support. I..."

"It's all in the past," Ye Qingyu said as he shook his head. "Commander Nie Tiankong, I managed to enter Royal City thanks to your recommendation, you supported my appointment to be the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], and you even personally rescued me that day at the east city gate. I owe you my gratitude as well, so don't worry, I will not harm the Nie clan, nor will I suppress your residence. In the future, if the Nie clan faces any problems, I will help you once."

"I..." Nie Tiankong was thrilled but he was also overcome with remorse and threw himself at Ye Qingyu's feet as he said, "Your Highness, thank you for showing me mercy. I'm eternally grateful..."

Ye Qingyu and the others had left by the time he looked up.

A long while passed before the gathered crowd at the Azure Cloud Square slowly rose to their feet.

Countless pairs of eyes turned toward Nie Tiankong and these people looked at him with envy. No one expected Nie Tiankong to receive a promise from the newly minted sovereign despite his betrayal. Although the new sovereign had only promised to help him once this would be enough to protect the Nie clan for a long time to come. At the very least, no one would dare to harm the Nie clan before this new sovereign died.

From this perspective, it seemed like this new sovereign was not as cruel and ruthless as they had presumed. Now that the King of Zhenyuan and the others had been killed and the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was also dead, the Sky Fox clan was probably doomed as well. But based on how he had treated Nie Tiankong, this new sovereign did not seem bloodthirsty. At least he still remembered those who were once kind to him and knew how to express his gratitude.

Outside the Azure Cloud Square—

"Hmm?" Ye Qingyu looked into the distance in surprise.

He spotted the round-faced and adorable servant girl, Xiao Yu, and Mo Weinan, a young man from the Fire Province who he had rescued at the Wanyi Bazaar, amongst the crowd in the distance. They looked on uneasily and seemed very nervous, so they clearly were unaware of what had transpired.

"Would His Grace and missy be already..." Xiao Yu said, seemingly extremely dejected. She held a small knife that was used to cut cooked meat in her hands and brought it up to her chubby, tender neck as she said, "I will kill myself if I hear news of His Grace's or my mistress's death... Hey kid, aren't you studying the martial way? Tell me, what's the fastest and most painless way of killing myself?"

Mo Weinan muttered, "It's impossible for it to be painless. It would hurt everywhere..."

"Ah?" Xiao Yu's face fell. A moment later, she clenched her jaw and said resolutely, "Why don't you do it then? Kill me and do it fast... Sob, I'm sure something bad has already befallen them..." Then she burst into loud sobs.

This young servant girl might be a little silly, but she was truly loyal and seemed like an angel compared to the terrible Crown Prince, who was worse than the beasts.

"You terrible girl, how dare you curse us behind our backs..." Lin Nanzhu did not know whether to laugh or cry as she jumped over and pinched Xiao Yu's cheeks hard. Xiao Yu's features immediately twisted comically, which made her look both cute and hilarious at the same time.

"Wah, miss..." Xiao Yu jumped in fright, then she immediately burst out laughing and shrieked in excitement.

Ye Qingyu's gaze fell on Mo Weinan.

For some reason, when this young man was clad in white, his aura and eyes reminded him of Bai Yuanxing, who had been missing for a while.

"I need some young blood to spice things up at the Military Judge's residence, so you should stick by my side in the future and help me manage my residence," he said. He had planted the seed of his own martial way in this young man, and he knew that this young man was both very righteous and of good moral character, so he could be groomed. Moreover, this young man was from the Fire Province and was also an Alien Dark One, and Ye Qingyu wanted to make an example of a Dark One who cultivated the martial way and who would be skilled enough to take his place amongst the higher-ups.

He had not kept Mo Weinan by his side because his life was in danger as well, but now that the situation had completely changed, he did not need to worry any longer.

Mo Weinan was completely stunned.

Lin Nanzhu standing beside him gave him a hard kick and said, "You fool, what are you standing there for? You should be expressing your gratitude to His Highness for keeping you by his side. Your ancestral tombs must no longer be emitting smoke, they must be catching fire."

Linghu Buxiu was a little envious of Mo Weinan, who was now riding on the coattails of Ye Qingyu's success. Mo Weinan must have been blessed with great fortune and he was sure that many talented young noblemen would faint from jealousy once news of this spread throughout the city.

"Yes, Your Highness," Mo Weinan finally said. He was extremely thrilled and quickly fell to his knees and kowtowed to Ye Qingyu.

At this point in time, this young man who would later be known as the [Great Emperor of Divine Farmers] did not know what this kowtow signified and how significantly this event would impact his life. He merely respected and admired Ye Qingyu's martial way and moral character, but this moment would forever be preserved in history by the historians and would appear in historical records. The [Immortal God Emperor] Ye Qingyu was a man of many talents, and even if he managed to impart just a tiny part of his knowledge to his disciples, his disciples would be able to make a name for themselves. As for Mo Weinan, this future [Great Emperor of Divine Farmers] would obtain the knowledge of medicinal pills and divine herbs.

Linghu Buxiu's laughter echoed behind them as they turned and left the Azure Cloud Square.

News of what had happened on the Azure Cloud Platform slowly started to spread and countless people were astounded by what they heard. A new Emperor had been born and this Emperor had even killed the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan. This was enough to shake the entire Dark Realm to its core and change the path of history.

This news spread like wildfire.

At the same time, thousands of meters away, a figure riding a black dragon rushed toward Royal City from the Western Region of the Dark Realm.

This was a dragon soldier from the Sinners' army.

He rode with an anxious expression. This soldier was injured and a black sword stuck out from his back as blood gushed out of his wound. The black sword contained an evil energy that did not exist in this world and kept spreading throughout his body, which made his injuries even more serious.

"Hmph, there's internal strife within the Unmoving City of Darkness and a crack has appeared in the Great Wall, so the Invaders are flooding in... An apocalyptic calamity is about to befall us, but those idiots in Royal City don't give a damn about it. I wonder if their struggle for power and profit has reached its limits..." This soldier could not help but smirk disdainfully at the thought of those noblemen who abused their power.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1179:


Chapter 1194 Be Wary of Your Own People

The results of the Battle on the Azure Cloud Platform spread within Royal City in a shocking fashion. No one expected to hear news of the deaths of the King of Zhenyuan and an old founding father of the Sky Foxes, even though many had deduced that there may be huge losses after the battle. How could Zhang Longcheng, [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], managed to slay a sovereign in present life?

Thinking back now on the decisive strategy of the Sun clan, one would realize how incredibly amazing and on point it was. Both the sovereign of the Sky Foxes and the sovereign of Sun clan were leaders of the current era, and the former, who had the gift of premonition, eventually lost all his powers and died, while the latter, who was on the decline and on the verge of death, ended up winning and gaining control of the current situation.

Without a doubt, the Sun clan was going to rise again.

As for the Sky Foxes and the Yuan clan of the King of Zhenyuan's residence, collapse and decline was inevitable.

The entire Royal City entered a state of boundless frenzy during the short span of half a day when Ye Qingyu returned to the residence of the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] and remained in self-isolation in a bid to solidify his foundation of his current realm. The commotion would not die down, and everyone, from royalty and nobles to hawkers and civilians were discussing about the news of the incident. News about the birth of a new Emperor would cause a huge shockwave anytime, much less during such a huge incident.

The king is dead, long live the king.

The Sky Fox residence was in a pitiful state. The deaths of their founding father, elder and multiple Quasi-emperor level experts had condemned the entire clan to decline, and the survivors were in no mood to hold a funeral to honor the dead. The remaining higher ranking Sky Foxes gathered and discussed their future in trepidation. Some of them suggested that they should make amends with the new Emperor, while others suggested they should dissolve the entire clan structure, flee to a secluded, faraway area and rebuild, while waiting for the right time to rise again.

The current situation was not looking bright for the Sky Foxes.

They used to be kin to an Emperor, and they behaved in an arrogant and overbearing fashion in their glory days. They did not bother to tone themselves down and offended countless nobles and factions. None of their opponents, including the bigger factions and powerful nobles, who hated them to the core, dared to do anything while the sovereign of the Sky Foxes was still alive. In fact, they even had to act hypocritically and curry favor with the Sky Foxes. Now, however, as the influence of their clan crumbled, it was not hard to imagine what sort of pressure they would face in the days to come. Without the protection of their sovereign, the entire clan, with its huge cache of resources built up over the years, was a huge pie that everyone wanted part of.

The same applied for the estate of the King of Zhenyuan.

They were in an even more terrible state than the Sky Foxes.

It was said that news of the incident caused a huge uproar when it reached the King's residence. A few slaves and sacrificial lambs who had long been suppressed rioted and killed a considerable amount of people from the Yuan clan. Many others chose to flee and left the residence. By the time night fell, less than two thousand people were left in the vast residence, which used to house tens of thousands of people... it was a desperate time for them, and each was fending for himself now.

News of the state of the Yuan clan spread like wildfire to each district owned by nobles in the Dark Realm.

No one could sleep that night.

All of the top ranked nobles and factions in the city began to hold all sorts of emergency meetings. The higher ups discussed about how to handle the upcoming situation. According to historical tradition, a new Emperor had to govern Royal City; it was the unshakeable rule.

After the last sovereign went into retirement, there has been no ruler of Royal City for many years. The major noble factions had already gotten used to restricting and sharing power among themselves, but now, there was no question at all that they had to give up the influence in their grasp.

They were extremely indignant about it, but they did not have a choice.

The Martial Emperor was at the apex of the warriors' hierarchy, and he had the ability to suppress all realms. Even if there weren't rules set by the forefathers of yesteryear and historical tradition in place, no one could stop a new Emperor if he wanted to climb to the peak of power and control everything.

On this night, a few families rejoiced, while a few others were in sorrow.

The night passed quickly.

Early next morning, Ye Qingyu brought Mo Weinan out of the residence of the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] to the ancestral manor of the Sun clan.

Many people were watching.

The Sun clan had received news of his impending visit and lit lamps and decorated their manor, intending to give their guest a huge reception.

In the past, a few clan members were unhappy about the fact that their founding father had passed on various training techniques of the Immortal Domain to an outsider, and they had many unfavorable opinions about Ye Qingyu. Now, the entire clan cast all thoughts aside and focused on giving the new Emperor their full support. None of them dared to show any sign of neglect toward that end.

The sovereign of the Sun clan, who had never showed himself in public, had a head full of white hair and was extremely old. It looked as though a breeze could cause his body to disintegrate into a pile of dirt, yet he personally appeared at the gates of their ancestral home to greet Ye Qingyu.

This shocked a countless number of people.

"Your humble junior pays his respect to you, my elder," Ye Qingyu said as he walked up to greet the sovereign of the Sun clan.

His manner and behavior was one of respect and admiration.

"You're already the new Emperor now and will rule over the world and govern Royal City soon. You don't have to show me such respect," the sovereign replied. He had lived for a long time and encountered far too many people and incidents, but he was looking at Ye Qingyu with a gaze of unconcealed admiration right now.

"Without your help, senior, I would just have been a pile of decayed bones. I'll never forget your great kindness," Ye Qingyu bowed again. Even though he had a bad temper and was murderous, he would always repay the kindness shown to him.

"Hahaha, you're too kind, new Emperor. Please," the sovereign of the Sun clan turned and invited Ye Qingyu inside.

Ye Qingyu followed closely behind.

Many people caught sight of this scene.

Countless envious looks fell on the Sun clan. It was not hard to imagine that it would receive a large number of opportunities to shine once the new Emperor took up his throne. They could literally count down to the day they could rise in glory again.

Many people were looking at Mo Weinan, the young man who was standing beside Ye Qingyu, as well. They were not familiar with him, but they realized that it was a good idea to get to know him, if they wanted to get close to Ye Qingyu.

Everyone in the Sun clan was overjoyed.

In the ancestral hall of the Sun clan.

"My life force is nearly spent, and I'm afraid I can't hold on for much longer. Yesterday, I made a fortune telling for my people, but by accident I sensed that huge disaster will befall upon the Dark Realm. You've got to get ready before that happens, new Emperor," the sovereign of the Sun clan spoke up, looking worried.

Only Ye Qingyu and him remained in the ancestral hall.

"Huge disaster?" Ye Qingyu was slightly stunned. Any event that could be classified as such by the sovereign of the Sun clan was no simple matter.
Come to think of it, it could be something to do with the Invaders. Is the Reincarnation Harvest going to begin again?

"I saw the Demonic Gate open and the cries and curses of living beings before they died..." the sovereign of the Sun clan said. "I have a premonition that something big is going to happen at our border with the Invaders. Dark clouds are gathering over Royal City as well. Take note that you shouldn't be too stubborn or careless during this time, new Emperor. Sometimes, we just don't have enough manpower to execute the plans we have in mind. When I became a new Emperor, I wanted to prove myself as well. Unfortunately, I didn't manage to realize my plans."

Ye Qingyu felt apprehensive.

There seemed to be some hidden meaning in the sovereign's words.

"Be careful of your own people," the sovereign began again, giving Ye Qingyu some meaningful advice.

Ye Qingyu nodded, deep in thought.

The meeting of the two Emperors lasted for a very long time.

It was already evening when Ye Qingyu walked out of the ancestral hall of the Sun clan.

Mo Weinan received a warm reception by the Sun clan members, causing the herb gathering youth to feel a little flustered. He could only shake them off when Ye Qingyu re-emerged.

Both of them took their leave.

That night, the emergent sovereign Ye Qingyu released a piece of news to the outside world. The arsenal of the Sky Foxes would be confiscated and sealed up, while the Sky Foxes had to leave Royal City within ten days and return to their homeland, the Green Mound Ridge, where they lived at the height of their powers. The estate of the King of Zhenyuan received the same treatment - its arsenal was sealed and confiscated, while its people were exiled.

This was the first royal decree Ye Qingyu gave out as the new Emperor to the outside world.

It was expected by many people.

In reality, a few of them thought that Ye Qingyu was already being compassionate toward the Sky Foxes and the people of the King of Zhenyuan's residence. If the new Emperor had been someone else, they might have already been completely wiped out.

However, just as many people were waiting for the new Emperor to enter the main military headquarters, at the moment when the newly coronated king was supposed to enter Royal City, they only saw Ye Qingyu hole himself up in the library of said headquarters, as well as a few ancient archives of Royal City.

Since he became a sovereign, Ye Qingyu's access privileges were greatly increased. This meant that he could read many secret texts and documents that he could not access previously as the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] anytime he wished.

This was the thing that Ye Qingyu was truly interested in.

He hoped to find the answers to many riddles in his mind in the various ancient documents and scrolls retained in the Dark Realm. He also wished to find out much information on the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors of ancient historical times, as well as the lives and actions of the various Martial Emperors, including the many sovereigns that were still hibernating.

For the next five to six days, Ye Qingyu immersed himself in the pile of ancient texts.

Mo Weinan was waiting outside as Ye Qingyu emerged from the library on the seventh day. He went up to report, "Your Majesty, late morning today, Commander Nie Tiankong of the Army sent someone to report that an emissary from the main body of the Sinner's army at the borderlands hurried into Royal City, claiming that he had big news to inform us."

"Oh?" Ye Qingyu felt his emotions stir.

He had gained some knowledge of the origin of the Sinners after browsing through the archive of the library over the past few days. Besides, he had always felt extremely curious about them after Marquis Tingtao explained about the Expansion Way of the Universe. After all, the blood of the Sinners flowed in him as well.

"Summon the emissary of the Sinners. I want to meet him," Ye Qingyu said.

In the Military Headquarters.

Within the heaven grade prison.

Nie Tiankong stood before the torture rack and roared, "Since this is news from the Western Great Wall Defense Line, why did you not inform the new Emperor? How could you people detain the emissary of the Sinners on your own accord and keep this news from us? You even want to kill the emissary. Are you trying to rebel?"

Three figures of different height stood opposite him. All of them wore the divine armor of a Commander, and they seemed to hold a rank not too far below Nie Tiankong's; they were also Commanders in the army. A terrifying aura emanated from each of them, and they possessed a frightening amount of power.

"Commander Nie Tiankong, give way. You can't control this matter," a burly and rotund foreign race Commander replied. He looked expressionless, and his tone was very cold. He did not seem to buy into Nie Tiankong's words.

Forty elite soldiers stood behind him. They were military experts of rare power, and two of them were holding onto a young martial arts expert who had restrictive formation cuffs on his limbs and neck. He carried a black longsword on his back and gave off the aura of an evil power. He was substantially wounded, and seemed to have his powers restricted.

The youth wore a worn expression on his face. He looked resolute and calm, and he seemed to be visibly disdainful of his captors. He sneered as he looked at the commotion unfold before him. He was about to be executed, but his expression made him seem as though he had nothing to do with the incident at all.

"I can't, but the new Emperor can. You people have committed a huge crime by not reporting that an emissary from the Sinners has entered Royal City," Nie Tiankong replied. He was shaking in anger from being looked down upon.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1180:


Chapter 1195 Lingyun

"The new Emperor is only interested in ancient texts and doesn't involve himself in matters of the military. He wouldn't care about such trivial matters," replied another commander from a foreign race nonchalantly. He did not sound as if he held much respect for the new Emperor.

"Since its inception, it has been the iron rule in Royal City that an emergent new Emperor will naturally control all power within the city. The entry of an emissary from the Sinners into Royal City is a major incident that should be reported to him, no matter whether he is interested in it or not. You people have no respect for our sovereign at all. Are you planning to rebel?" Nie Tiankong chided them angrily.

"Haha, since the new Emperor has no intention of controlling military matters, why should we trouble him? You don't have to go through so much trouble, Commander Nie Tiankong. What's wrong about executing this Sinner? He committed a crime punishable by death by entering Royal City without reporting and seeking for prior approval," said the burly, rotund commander that had spoken up first in a nonchalant manner.

"He rode thousands of kilometers and was wounded on the way here. Obviously, something huge has happened, and this is a special case. What crime did he commit? I want to question the soldiers guarding the west gate if they will hold themselves responsible if they delayed the passage of strategic military information by detaining the emissary?"

Nie Tiankong tried to reason his way through.

After that day at the Azure Cloud Square, he began to side completely with Ye Qingyu.

This time, he swore he would never betray Ye Qingyu again, no matter what kind of situation he found himself in.

"Haha, what unpardonable crime? That's just alarmist talk... some people look as though they're completely loyal to the new Emperor, but may I ask who betrayed him in the first place? Don't you think that it's laughable for you to be standing for the very thing you went against?" the Commander of the Dark-feathered People chided Nie Tiankong indirectly.

"You..." Nie Tiankong replied, feeling angry and anxious.

"Alright, let's stop the idle chatter. Nie Tiankong, step aside. We're acting on our sovereign's orders, so you shouldn't make a fool of yourself here. You won't be able to stop us today," said the Commander from the Sky-reaching People, who had been silent thus far. He had adopted a hardline approach, and he looked impatient.

"Sovereign? May I know which sovereign is that?" Nie Tiankong asked.

The Commander of the Sky-reaching People laughed derisively. "That's not for you to ask."

Nie Tiankong had only entered the military for a short period of time and held the least power among the major commanders. He could not hold his own yet and had little experience. The long serving commanders did not hold him in high regard at all.

At this moment, Nie Tiankong could also sense that the matter about the emissary could be more complicated than he thought. If other sovereigns were involved, it was definitely more intriguing than he had expected.

"Haha, forget it. I think we don't have to bring him along with us. Let's just kill him here," said the Commander of the Dark-feathered People as if having a sudden idea. He added, "To prevent further complications."

The third commander nodded and instantly drew out the longsword hanging from his waist, intending to kill their captive.

Nie Tiankong was feeling anxious, but there was nothing he could do.

A voice rang out at this moment. "Stay your hand," said a youth dressed in a white shirt and a white robe as he walked in the cell, led by a few jail guards. He had heard them arguing from afar and looked calm, not displaying any unusual emotion. "The new Emperor has ordered for the emissary of the Sinners to meet with him," he said.

Everyone turned their attention to the youth, and even the three high-spirited commanders felt a little trepidation as they felt that things were going south for them very quickly.

The youth in white robes had extremely ordinary skills and a low cultivation level that was not worth mentioning. He was like an ant to them, but they knew that this youth, Mo Weinan, was a trusted attendant of the new Emperor. He had great status, and no one dared to offend him.

During the past few days, a countless number of people had tried to befriend the young man, and many beautiful young noble women had tried to earn his attention.

"Summoned by the new Emperor? But this emissary from the Sinners is severely wounded, I'm afraid he can't last long..." the Commander of the Sky-reaching People said. He cast a glance to the commander who had drawn his longsword behind him, wanting him to act now.

Mo Weinan replied unhurriedly instead, "The new Emperor wishes to summon the emissary of the Sinners and will not inquire about other matters. As for whether the emissary can survive till he meets the Emperor, that falls under your responsibility. If you people can't even get something as small as that right, and the emissary ends up dying from his wounds, then the fate of the King of Zhenyuan shall be an example for you."

The heart of the commander holding the sword trembled, and his hand paused.

The other two commanders from the Dark-feathered People and the Sky-reaching People respectively could sense a chilling murderous intent from the Emperor's message.

It was an order from a Martial Emperor that came directly to them. Who dared to defy him?

Furthermore, by slaying the King of Zhenyuan and the sovereign of the Sky Foxes during the Battle on the Azure Cloud Platform, the new Emperor had already proven to be a ruthless character through his actions and that he stood by his words. They might seem extremely valuable as commanders, but their status was not very far off from that of the King of Zhenyuan and lowly compared to the sovereign of Sky Foxes. The Emperor could kill them with a snap of his fingers.

"Alright, we'll hand the man over to you. Take him away," the Sky-reaching Commander said. He did not dare to carry out their original plan any further; none of them could withstand the fury of a Martial Emperor. Even if there was a sovereign-level being in his clan, it would still be prudent for him to not offend the Emperor if he could help it.

"Tell your men to bring him over," Mo Weinan said. He then cut off all conversation with the commanders and turned to leave.

He did not have the skill to protect the emissary of the Sinners. If anything happened to the Sinner on their way to Ye Qingyu, the noble commanders could realize their original plan and escape from any implication.

"This..." the Commander of the Sky-reaching People turned gloomy.

He had planned to strike after handing the captive over to Mo Weinan, but he had not expected the lowly herb-gathering slave from the Dark Ones to be so cunning. The youth had seen through his devious plan and left him with no other choice.

Nie Tiankong let out a sigh of relief.

He could have tried to persuade the other commanders for the entire day, but just a few words from Mo Weinan had achieved a greater effect. It made him realize how much sway the Emperor had over his subjects.

...

...

Lingyun was an outstanding talent from the new batch of martial arts experts in the Unmoving City of Darkness.

He had accomplished many great feats in the resistance of the Invaders and received the admiration of the current Emperor of Darkness, who promoted him to become the Vanguard of the Central Unit. He could be classified as a genius-level character in the armies of the Sinners in the Unmoving City of Darkness. He had already attained a Quasi-emperor level at a young age of less than one hundred years old, and his accomplishments were dazzling.

This time, there had been civil unrest and riots in the Unmoving City of Darkness, and the current Emperor of Darkness was ambushed. His whereabouts were unknown, and no one knew whether he was still alive or not. The armies of the Sinners were in a state of chaos, and Invaders from the Chaotic Region west of the Great Wall took the opportunity to attack, punching a one thousand and five hundred kilometer wide hole in the wall. The Western Region of the Dark Realm was thrown into chaos, and the Unmoving City of Darkness suffered heavy losses. It could not hold on for much longer, and the military counselor had sent Lingyun to the Royal City to report on the grave situation and to seek for reinforcements. After all, the unrest this time was huge, and the camp of the Guardians had to give the appropriate assistance.

On his way to Royal City, Lingyun was continually ambushed.

The skirmishers who attacked him were made up of Invaders and a few mysterious people whom he could not recognize. They wounded him badly, and it made him realize the possibility that some people did not want the message to reach Royal City.

He didn't really care about that.

This was because he had seen the various faces of the noble races in the Guardian camp within Royal City before. The commanders from the four noble races in the Great Wall of the Western Region were scum. The Great Wall had withstood all sorts of attacks over the years because the Sinner army had defended it with their lives. The one hundred and fifty million kilometer long wall had kept the Chaotic Region away and the Invaders at bay for a hundred thousand millennia. This amazing feat was achieved at the expense of the lives of the Sinners, who had given up their blood, flesh and bone for the cause.

Every day of peace was paid for in blood.

However, the Guardians of the noble races enjoyed their peace and luxury from high above. Not only did they not help in the defense of the Great Wall, they even found all sorts of reasons and excuses to suppress the Sinners. They were worse than animals.

To Lingyun, it was inconsequential whether news of the situation at the border reached the Guardians in Royal City or not.

The final decision of these muddle-headed nobles would inevitably be an order for the Sinners to push the Invaders back at all costs. They would never bother themselves with how many casualties the Sinners suffered. Perhaps, they even hoped that all of the Sinners would perish.

He had already been wounded very seriously.

The demonic sword of the Invaders on his back was especially a handful; its energy kept invading his body. He had pleaded for three days at the western gates to be allowed entry into the city, but the noble harvesters had continually rejected his appeal. Eventually, he got careless in his haste to enter Royal City and was tricked by the nobles to a restricted area of the gates. They charged him with unauthorized entry into a restricted military zone and threw him into prison after applying shackles on his limbs and neck that forbade him from using his martial arts skills, along with his cultivation. The invasion of the demonic sword grew even stronger and nearly destroyed his Dao foundation.

By this time, Lingyun had already given up all hope of survival.

Firstly, his wounds were too severe and could not possibly be healed. Secondly, he held no hope in the dealings with the nobles of the Guardian camp.

If the Invaders eventually managed to destroy the Dark Realm, the prime culprits would be the muddle-headed fools of the major noble races. Without the Sinners defending the hundred and fifty million kilometer long Great Wall, the nobles would be simply vulnerable.

As such, Lingyun did not harbor much hope even when he was brought to the new Emperor by the men of the Sky-reaching Commander.

He was surprised only after arriving at the temporary imperial residence of the new Emperor.

This was because he had realized that the Emperor's temporary residence was more rundown and wretched looking than he expected. Also, it was a simple black building situated on an ordinary street not far away from the military headquarters. From the main entrance, he could observe that everything inside looked very basic, and there was no one in sight.

Lingyun grew even more shocked when Mo Weinan took him to the entrance.

The residence, which was refurbished from the original residence of the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], looked like a small army camp. The only difference from its previous state was the smaller amount of fallen leaves, as Mo Weinan had swept the entire ground once. It looked spick and span, and a few budding herbs had been planted around the area. Everything here looked entirely opposed to luxury; it was hard to imagine that it was the temporary residence of the sovereign of the Guardian's camp.

Soon, Lingyun caught sight of Ye Qingyu.

While feeling shocked at Ye Qingyu's youth, Lingyun could not help but feel a strange familiarity as he looked at the unmasked Emperor, as if he had seen him somewhere before. He could also feel an aura of warmth emanating from the new sovereign as well.

"Are you the emissary of the Sinners from the Great Wall of the Western Region?" Ye Qingyu asked as he looked at Lingyun, a gentle look on his face. "The Great Wall of Western Region stretches for a hundred and fifty million kilometers and is guarded by thirty major Sinner tribes. Which tribe are you from?"

The corners of Lingyun's mouth twitched. Even though he had no love lost for the nobles of the Royal City, he replied honestly. "Unmoving City of Darkness," he said.

"Oh?" Ye Qingyu's eyes gleamed, looking joyful. "Unmoving City of Darkness? Haha, good."

He had spent the last few days browsing through various ancient texts in the military library and multiple arsenals to gain a deeper understanding of this realm, especially about the division of power around the Guardian camp, along with various ancient historical secrets. As such, he had come to know about the existence of the thirty Sinner tribes. He had planned to head to the Western Region in the near future to find Song Xiaojun, but he had not expected that someone from the Unmoving City of Darkness would arrive at the Royal City before he left.

Now, he no longer had to fear anyone and could do anything he wanted.

Lingyun did not know about the close connection between Ye Qingyu and the Unmoving City of Darkness; he turned defensive as he saw the Emperor's expression change after he had heard his reply, as if he was extremely happy. This was because he had an inkling that the unrest in the Unmoving City was likely to be connected with the nobles of the Royal City.
Could the mastermind be this new Emperor?
he thought.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

