Chapter 933:


Chapter 950 – Are You the Ice Sword Killing God?


Realizing this, Miao Wuhen became even more frightened.

He could not be any clearer of his situation within the Clear River Domain. Aside from a small number of people from the Greater One Sect, there was close to nobody in the domain who was his match. In particular, after following the Greater One Spiritual Master to that place this time and gaining a fortuitous encounter, his self-confidence swelled so much that he even began to look down on the master of the Sky Splitting Demon Sect, who was the top expert of the Clear River Domain.

However, he was not so confident against a foreign domain expert.

This was because he had traveled to foreign domains and met some all-domineering, supreme experts, especially on the Road of Chaos. As such, he had acquired an instinctive awe for foreign domain experts.

Hence, he immediately began to shudder when he realized that the person in front of him was not from the Clear River Domain.

“You… respectable one, who are you? Why do you want to associate with those crooks from the Immortal God Emperor Sect? There may be a misunderstanding somewhere...” He changed tack, having lost the courage to battle on. “You, respectable one, are certainly not from the Clear River Domain. I’ve followed my sect master to the Chaotic Ruins Domain and the Road of Chaos before, and have only seen people like you in the nineteen cities of chaos. I believe that there may be some misunderstanding between us.”

“Oh? You’ve been to the Road of Chaos?” Ye Qingyu’s heart jolted.

The sudden rise of the Greater One Sect was a mystery which Miao Wuhen, as a senior disciple of the Greater One Spiritual Master, surely understood. His divulgence that he had followed the Greater One Spiritual Master to the Road of Chaos and the nineteen cities of chaos likely meant that the mysterious power supporting the Greater One Sect was one of the nineteen cities of chaos, or so Ye Qingyu wondered.

“Yes yes yes, since you come from the Road of Chaos, there shouldn’t be any enmity between us, we...” Miao Wuhen hurriedly explained while composedly taking steps back.

“Have you spoken enough?” Ye Qingyu looked at him with an apathetic expression. “If you have, then get ready to defend yourself.”

“Why… go so far? Who exactly are you?” Miao Wuhen was furtively building up his power as he tried to use words to stall for time while slowly retreating.

However, Ye Qingyu saw through this and was in control of the situation, “Since you’ve been to the Road of Chaos and witnessed the events there, you would probably have heard my name. If you can’t tell who I am, it only means that your level is too low.”

“You...” Feeling blatantly belittled, Miao Wuhen exploded in rage. Just as he was about to say something, he abruptly realized something while gazing at those snow-white clothes. In no time, the anger in his tone vanished, and he thus stuttered with a face filled with terror and astoundment. “You.. you are… are Ye Qingyu, the [Ice Sword Killing God]?”

“Since you know who I am, are you still not willing to accept death?” Ye Qingyu unhurriedly walked down from the gilded chariot.

Ice veins which resembled silver snakes formed wherever he passed. Within an instant, everything behind him became completely frozen by silver ice that appeared out of thin air, as if the Winter God had suddenly descended to take control of the whole world. In front of him, the trembling Black Armor Warriors stepped back frantically as though seeing a ghost.

“I… I...” Miao Wuhen was deeply terrified.

He had already lost all senses by now.

Ye Qingyu the [Ice Sword Killing God].

For a past period of time, this was a name which resounded on the Road of Chaos so much that calluses nearly formed in his ears from hearing it over and over again. It was precisely because he had been to the Road of Chaos that he knew better than those who had only heard a couple of rumors in the Clear River Domain what this name entailed. In particular, there was only one word which could describe what this name meant to the forces of the Clear River Domain - unmatchable.

As much as the Greater One Sect had received tremendous support in that place, it was nevertheless not strong enough to compete against such a person. Had he known that the mysterious ace who slayed the Heaven Desire Demon Sect master was none other than Ye Qingyu the [Ice Sword Killing God], Miao Wuhen would definitely have run away as quickly as he could instead of self-assuredly setting up a trap.

Sword will was generated as Ye Qingyu shook his head and formed a thought.

Swish!

A beam of sword light cut across the Void and locked on to Miao Wuhen.

“I’ll fight...” A scared-shitless Miao Wuhen shouted as the strange evil mist which lingered around his body began to gather on his arms. A large blood-spitting mouth suddenly formed on his right palm and devoured toward the sword light, “It’s either you or me… [Devouring Darkness], devour him now.”

This mouth was full of sharp white teeth which resembled daggers. Miao Wuhen’s entire being instantly seemed to transform into a non-human monster which unleashed a devouring power that could not be any stranger. Appearing capable of devouring the universe, it started to absorb all of the universal spiritual qi around.

“Huh? This power… seems familiar.”

Ye Qingyu’s heart jolted.

However, his Divine Emperor sword will did not slow down for even a moment, sending a dazzling streak of sword arc slicing across the Void.

The dark-blood python and the blood-spitting mouth each split into two and, amid a shrilling long roar, turned into a trail of black smoke before dissipating. Behind them, Miao Wuhen was also sundered into two, with his physical body and soul becoming annihilated by the Divine Emperor sword will.

“I… will get people to kill you… kill you, don’t… you rejoice too soon.” Miao Wuhen gnashed his teeth. His face, divided by a faint silver-colored cleave, looked savage like no other. Before he could finish his sentence, his body completely split apart and collapsed in two separate pieces.

Ye Qingyu did not say a word.

His body pulled apart into a series of afterimages which swept across the wind and snow and vanished.

The next moment, he appeared below the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

“My child...” Brimming with tears, Heng Yuge took Little Leng Yuxi from Ye Qingyu’s arms and hugged the baby as if hugging the entire world. Her hanging heart finally returned to its usual place as she profusely said, “Brother Ye Qingyu, thank you, thank you...”

She was so touched that her speech became a little incoherent.

Meanwhile, something strange took place far away.

The site of the Black Armor Warrior array at the city gate had completely turned into a snow land, with everything, including the opened gilded chariot, the black iron stake, and thousands of Black Armor Warriors, all turned into ice sculptures. As a gust of wind blew by, all of the ice chips drifted into the air like weightless catkins before melting into the Void and blending into the environment of the domain.

If it was not for the deep sword mark which stretched a kilometer long across the ground, nobody would believe that a battle had taken place here, and that one of the Greater One Sect’s elite divisions had been completely annihilated in an instant here.

“Let’s go to the city to find the remains of brother Leng Xiaoran and the descendants of brother Cheng Zhengliang. I wonder if they’re still there.” Ye Qingyu brought Heng Yuge and her child to Flowing Light City.

By this time, having witnessed the entire battle process below and seen Miao Wuhen’s demise, the armored warriors of the Greater One Sect who were stationed on top of the city wall had been scared stiff, such that they fell apart and lost all courage to battle on. In less than thirty minutes, more than half of them had already fled in panic.

Seeing the usually-overweening armored warriors fleeing as if doomsday had arrived, the pedlars, passers-by, and refugees in the city were baffled and also began to feel somewhat fearful, with some of them believing that bandits were attacking the city. A few warriors who were late to receive news of Miao Wuhen’s death did not have time to flee when they eventually realized what was happening. They even wanted to impede and strike back at Ye Qingyu, but were swiftly decimated. A few fanatical aces who tried to charge at Ye Qingyu from oblique directions were turned into ice chips by the visible sword will that appeared in the Void before melting and disappearing.

Ye Qingyu found the corpses of Leng Xiaoran, Chen Zhengliang, and others on the punishment square in front of the city lord’s mansion.

Each of these people was a warrior of accomplished cultivation, and as such their bodies did not rot post-death. These bodies had thus been displayed in iron cages on both sides of the punishment square as a signal of strength. Ye Qingyu provided a proper burial for them together with the corpses of aces from many other sects. Heng Yuge, meanwhile, preserved her husband’s body in preparation for finding a peaceful place to bury him in the future.

There was a mild commotion in the city.

Ye Qingyu arrived below the South Facing Inn.

“It’s you? You...” The waiter who had served Ye Qingyu previously was taken aback when he saw the reappearance of the latter. Pleasantly surprised to an extreme, he turned his head and shouted into the shop, “Master Song, that fellow has come again. He won’t get away this time. I clearly saw that it was him ordering Nan Ge tea…”

Immediately, a squad of armored warriors from the Greater One Sect, plated in red armor, charged out from the inn and directly toward Ye Qingyu. They had evidently spent the morning drinking in the inn and thus had absolutely no idea what had gone on in the city.

As if not seeing them, Ye Qingyu slowly walked toward the inn.

Streaks of sword will flickered in the Void.

Upon taking no more than a few steps forth, all of the red-armored warriors were struck by these streaks of sword will and turned into ice before splitting into two halves. As Ye Qingyu walked through their midst, they shattered and melted into the air at a visible speed, leaving no trace of ever appearing before.

The waiter was stunned.

Cold sweat trickled down his forehead while he was too afraid to even move his eyeballs. Upon witnessing the lightning-fast massacre of those lofty, deity-like red-armored warriors, he immediately became aware that this white-clothed young man was as terrifying as a demon lord. Even though the latter had no intention of killing him, he felt the hair all over his body shoot up and remained paralyzed with fear on the spot when the latter walked past him.

When Ye Qingyu entered the main hall of the inn, the diners retreated tremblingly as though they had seen a demon king.

Paying them no regard, Ye Qingyu made his way to the middle section of the main hall and stopped in front of the storyteller.

“After our meeting in the Black Demon Abyss, I’d never thought I would see you again here.” He had felt this storyteller to be rather familiar the first time he came here but was unable to recognize who this person was at that time. Later on, while at the Hundred Spirits Sect, he abruptly recalled who this person was.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 934:


Chapter 951 – Divine Sword of the South (1)


“I don’t understand what you’re saying.” The storyteller sighed and slowly sat down. “Sir, please leave if you don’t have anything to do here. I don’t know who you are, yet you’re disturbing my business. You’ve already scared off the guests who were listening to my stories.”

He could not help laughing bitterly as he spoke before he poured a cup of tea for himself.

However, unlike everyone else in the inn, the storyteller was the only person who did not panic upon seeing Ye Qingyu kill several dozen Greater One Sect disciples. In fact, judging from his calm pouring and drinking of tea, he was apparently indifferent toward and unafraid of Ye Qingyu.

“Hoho, to think that such a well-known person as the [Gambling Demon], who’s number 14th on the Alliance’s wanted list and had traversed the Road of Chaos for many years, would be hiding in a small inn in the Clear River Domain after leaving the Black Demon Abyss,” Ye Qingyu looked at him and said. “However, you shouldn’t be alone. Where’s Shui Xiu?”

An invisible force field pervaded Ye Qingyu’s surroundings while he was saying these words, and thus the other people around were unable to hear what he was saying.

The storyteller could not help laughing bitterly upon hearing this.

“You’re certainly worthy of being the third deputy of the Human Race. I’d never expected that the disguise technique innate to my race would be seen through by your sharp eyes.” Laughing, he had no choice but to confess. “Of course Shui Xiu wouldn’t be here. She hasn’t fully comprehended the secret techniques of my race and thus would be noticed if out in public… Deputy, surely a busy person like you didn’t come to tiny little Flowing Light City just to arrest an exiled vagrant like me, right?”

This storyteller was none other than Ge Ming, the descendant of the Seven Fingers Race.

Nicknamed the [Gambling Demon], he had a brief history with Ye Qingyu. At that time, he and the Seven Fingers Race little girl called Shui Xiu would probably have been killed had Ye Qingyu not intervened. As such, knowing that Ye Qingyu was different from other people, he did not panic despite being identified.

Moreover, the fact that he knew of Ye Qingyu’s status as the third deputy of the Human Race revealed that he had excellent sources of information and was not really living in seclusion and ignorance of the outside world. After all, even Miao Wuhen still did not know of Ye Qingyu’s promotion, which probably meant that the former, together with the Greater One Spiritual Master and others, had left the Road of Chaos before Ye Qingyu was appointed by the Alliance of Domains.

“I had something else to do here, and only ran into you coincidentally,” Ye Qingyu said. “Seems like you’re doing pretty well. At least, you aren’t being hunted by anyone, and unexpectedly, the renowned [Gambling Demon] isn’t hiding in a gambling den somewhere and is instead serving as a storyteller in this tiny inn. When I came to Flowing Light City the first time and saw you, I’d felt that you were rather familiar but couldn’t recall who you might be. It’s only this time that I suddenly realized. Hoho, perhaps this is divine will to save me from searching the world over for you… I happen to have something for you.”

As soon as he spoke, a strange force arose beside him.

Everyone who had not left the main hall was instantly sent flying, albeit without suffering any injury as a result. The silver mist then instantly inundated the main hall.

The people outside could no longer see nor hear what was going on inside.

After doing all this, Ye Qingyu opened his palm to reveal a three-foot longsword which gave off a pale blue glow and handed it to Ge Ming.

The latter was stunned.

“Is this… Divine… Sword of the South?”

The [Gambling Demon], who had kept his composure all this time, suddenly began to quiver in voice.

Not even in his dreams did he believe that he would ever again see the [Divine Sword of the South], which was the most precious treasure of the Seven Fingers Race.

The Seven Fingers Race used to be a fairly prominent race among the Vast Thousand Domains, and had produced martial emperors who were awed far and wide. Unfortunately, for some reason back then, the patriarch brought this most precious treasure and hurriedly proceeded to the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, from where he would never return. This divine sword, which contained the biggest secret of the Seven Fingers Race, was thereby lost, resulting in a severe weakening of the race, which was never able to recover since then. Subsequently, a few things happened which ultimately led to the race getting massacred and becoming near-extinct. However, Ge Ming knew that the [Divine Sword of the South] was definitely dropped in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss.

Hence, for a long time, he laid low in the Black Demon Abyss, waiting for an opportunity. Given his strength, he could not force his way into the 18the district. Later on, when the Door of Darkness opened, he was unfortunately exposed and was thus forced to leave the Black Demon Abyss in order to protect Shui Xiu, the final descendant of the Seven Fingers Race, thereby losing this final opportunity.

There would not be a subsequent opportunity.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 935:


He was already completely resigned to never seeing the [Divine Sword of the South] again. Unexpectedly, at the most impossible time, it would be the same benefactor who rescued him the last time to bring the [Divine Sword of the South] right up to him.

After a bout of immense excitement and shock, he inhaled a deep breath and said, “Do you know what the [Divine Sword of the South] means?”

Ye Qingyu was shocked to see that Ge Ming did not take hold of the sword immediately. He answered, “It’s a sword to me, but perhaps it means more to you. When I was in the ancient fiendgod city of the 18th district, I saw a Seven Fingers Race ancestor sitting cross-legged with this sword placed across his knees. I’d wanted to return this sword to you after leaving the 18th district but was unfortunately unable to find you.”

“Are you really returning it to me just like that?” Ge Ming looked at Ye Qingyu with bewilderment.

The latter nodded.

“Do you know? With this sword in hand, I can slay a pinnacle Great Saint.” Ge Ming’s bright eyes seemed to be observing Ye Qingyu’s reaction. “This sword was also the reason why my race was massacred by an enemy. It’s said to conceal the secret of becoming a martial emperor… Now that you know these, are you still going to return this sword to me?”

Ge Ming gave a long sigh.

After a brief hesitation, he seemed to make a huge decision, saying, “The Seven Fingers Race has already become history and will never recover. I’m also already past my peak and probably won’t be able to take revenge in this life. Until now, I still don’t even know for sure who massacred my race. Since leaving the Black Demon Abyss, I’ve thought long and hard about this, and eventually decided to drop past grievances. I don’t want Shui Xiu to live a life of sword, blood, and constant anxiety, and would rather she have a peaceful life… If I was offered this sword a year ago, I would definitely receive it without hesitation, and might even have used all kinds of unscrupulous means to take it from you if you were unwilling to hand it over. But now… sigh, my heart has changed such that even a sharper sword would be as appealing as a blunt knife to me, and this sword would thus be wasted in my possession. Since Heaven has allowed it to fall into your hands, perhaps you should keep it. At least there’s a chance for it to regain its former glory this way.”

Ye Qingyu was astonished to hear this.

He had seen Ge Ming’s strength and knew that it was at the low-level Immortal Step realm, and even if it had skyrocketed recently, it could not have attained the Saint realm. Thus, for the latter to so confidently claim that he would be able to slay a pinnacle Great Saint with the [Divine Sword of the South] in hand was a clear indication of how terrifying the sword was, even if it should turn out to not actually contain the secret of becoming a martial emperor. It was certainly comparable to a sub-emperor weapon if not an emperor weapon.

It had been a year since the sword fell into his hands. During this time, he had examined it but did not realize that it contained such power.

Nevertheless, this sword was the most valuable treasure of the Seven Fingers Race after all.

Without exception, any such race treasure would have a blood relation to its race, and as a result, its full power most likely could not be exerted when it was in his hands. For instance, the [Dragonblood Halberd] of the Dragonblood Dynasty, too, needed to be worked up using the lineage force of the Dragon Human Race for its full power to be brought into play. As such, it was a significant waste of its power for it to remain in his hands.

In truth, he was slightly touched during the moment when Ge Ming offered to let him keep the sword.

However, by the next moment, he had thought through everything clearly.

Most importantly, of course, was the fact that he had made a promise.

Therefore, he quickly refused the offer and shook his head firmly, saying, “The sword should go to its rightful owner. When I was in the 18th district, I promised that ancestor to hand this sword to the descendants of the Seven Fingers Race. You can give it to Shui Xiu if you don’t want it. She should be allowed to decide for herself the kind of life she wants. Besides, I believe that it would be impossible for you to conceal your identity forever, given that you’re perpetually wanted by the Alliance of Domains.”

Ge Ming was stumped.

He looked at Ye Qingyu with unprecedented astonishment.

Silence ensued.

“No wonder you would become the third deputy of the Human Race.” After a long period of silence, Ge Ming seemed to have gained some inspiration, and said with a serious countenance, “Hoho, I suddenly feel that the countless blows and defeats I’ve suffered over many years of fighting has somewhat dampened my lofty sentiments and aspirations of old, causing me to become despondent… Alright, the Seven Fingers Race hereby owes you a tremendous favor. I shall keep the [Divine Sword of the South] and will never forget your acts of kindness. Should a female emperor called Shui Xiu ever rise up in the future, my race will definitely lend a hand to the Human Race.”

With that, he took hold of the [Divine Sword of the South].

After paying Ye Qingyu a respectful salute, his figure flashed and vanished on the spot.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

Ge Ming’s sudden outpouring of heroic spirit revealed that he intended to use the [Divine Sword of the South] to train Shui Xiu to become a female emperor. Although such will was certainly a good thing, it was not so easy to groom a martial emperor even if the sword indeed contained a secret technique of becoming one. Every martial emperor, past and present, was a generational being on whom was gathered the luck of the universe, and who possessed the willpower and mind to go through millions of ordeals before becoming able to bear the mandate of Heaven. A true martial emperor was not someone who could be groomed just by using a sword.

However, Ye Qingyu had seen Shui Xiu’s talents and endowments, and knew that they were absolutely of the highest order.

Perhaps, there’ll be a female expert called Shui Xiu from the Seven Fingers Race among the experts of the Vast Thousand Domains one day.

Ye Qingyu turned and left the South Facing Inn.

He knew that Ge Ming would not be back.

He also felt it unnecessary to go find Shui Xiu, whom he would probably only see again after a very long time.

However, he did not expect that the rise of the Seven Fingers Race would be a lot faster than he anticipated.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 936:


Chapter 953 – Revisiting the Greater One Sect


All of the objectives of coming to Flowing Light City had been fulfilled.

However, as he stood on top of the city wall, Ye Qingyu felt a little troubled.

After defeating the army of the Demon Spider Race the last time, Chen Zhengliang and other righteous forces were around to clean up the mess and stabilize the situation in Flowing Light City. Instead, after Miao Wuhen’s death this time, the Greater One Sect’s army had fled in panic, leaving nobody who could stabilize the situation. This was compounded by the fact that there were, at present, countless refugees in the city and all kinds of bandits outside. If there was no one who could maintain order, Flowing Light City would soon become a hellhole. As they say, even the kindest of rabbits would start to bite humans when faced with hunger and threats to their survival. The consequences of a refugee riot would be unimaginable.

This was a point which Ye Qingyu did not think of when he initially rushed here to rescue and kill.

“Unfortunately, this isn’t the Heaven Wasteland Domain, otherwise the army of the Heaven Wasteland Empire would be able to come in and ease the situation, and things wouldn’t be so troublesome.”

It sounded like a wonderful thing that a single person had subdued an entire city.

However, maintaining order thereafter was the biggest problem.

Ye Qingyu certainly would not remain in Flowing Light City for too long.

“In the Clear River Domain at present, Human Race sects have been suffering disastrous losses, the Greater One Sect was too full of wild ambitions, while the Immortal God Emperor Sect was trapped in the Wei River Mountain Range. It seems that only the Hundred Spirits Sect and Hu Bugui and the others can serve to stabilize this city. After battling against the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, the Hundred Spirits Sect’s mountain gate has basically been destroyed and the mountain-protecting formation has been broken, and they’re no longer safe in the Hundred Flowers Valley.” Ye Qingyu thought deeply while standing on top of the city wall, “Liu Shaji would be a suitable choice if he was around. I’d thought that he’d rebuild the White Lotus Sword Sect after the battle back then, but this wasn’t the case. What could he be up to these days?”

Just then, he heard footsteps beside himself.

Heng Yuge came to the top of the city wall, carrying Leng Yuxi.

Being a core elite disciple of the Immortal God Emperor Sect after all, she was exceedingly intelligent and could immediately discern what Ye Qingyu was worrying about when she saw him frowning.

In truth, she had not been idling off. Just a while ago, she had realized the same thing as Ye Qingyu and did a couple of things – she found a few city officials and prestigious warriors to temporarily maintain order together. With Ye Qingyu around, nobody dared to ignore her words. However, she knew very well that this could only be a temporary measure, since Flowing Light City was too big for such a small bunch of people to manage in the long term.

“Perhaps we can get Master Cheng and the others of the Hundred Spirits Sect to take charge of Flowing Light City.” She suggested the same idea that Ye Qingyu had. “Flowing Light City has abundant formations and resources, while the army of the Greater One Sect left behind plenty of usable strategic materials when they retreated. This city will be much safer for the Hundred Spirits Sect than the Hundred Flowers Valley, and it’ll be a choice that satisfies both sides.”

Ye Qingyu nodded. “This is the only way currently. However, I still need to discuss it with Master Cheng, and cannot force her against her will.” Although the Hundred Flowers Valley had been destroyed and there was no longer any value in protecting it, it was nevertheless not easy to get such a culturally-rich sect to abandon its ancestral mountain gate.

News spread quickly.

Ye Qingyu spent a day clearing up Flowing Light City in and out. He destroyed the final remnants of Greater One Sect forces and several hidden arrays within the city, then set up new arrays and personally eradicated all bandits and barbaric races within ten thousand kilometers of the city, all to guarantee the safety of the city to the maximum extent.

In little time, peace abruptly became a reality within ten thousand kilometers of Flowing Light City.

A legend about a white-robed deity began to spread among the refugees.

Meanwhile, many forces which had wild ambitions and sought to profiteer during troubled times quickly became well-behaved and dared not cause any more trouble. Having seen for themselves the all-destroying might of the silver-colored sword qi which fell from Heaven, they were afraid that provoking this mysterious white-robed deity would undermine the power they had laboriously built up.

In the evening, the Hundred Flowers Valley received a message.

The Hundred Spirits Sect accepted Ye Qingyu’s plan and agreed to move to Flowing Light City.

This outcome allowed Ye Qingyu to feel relieved.

However, he also understood that this could not be the long-term plan.

“Things would be a lot easier if the Clear River Domain can be incorporated into the Heaven Wasteland Domain, just like the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain,” Ye Qingyu mused. However, he knew that it would be much, much harder for the Heaven Wasteland Empire to take charge of the Clear River Domain than when it took over the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, which had reached the end of its life cycle and became a burden that nobody else wanted to trouble themselves with. Instead, the Clear River Domain was at the height of its life cycle, and although it was considerably inferior to the Heaven Wasteland Domain in various aspects, it was nevertheless an independent domain which those large forces of the Vast Thousands Domains had not been able to take over and could only achieve their objectives in via the Greater One Sect. The Heaven Wasteland Domain, which had still not gained a foothold in the Vast Thousand Domains, certainly stood even less of a chance.

This was just an idea.

However, there was an even more important reason.

And that was, from the beginning until now, there was something which Ye Qingyu felt to be very, very strange.

He could never figure out what was the secret concealed by the Clear River Domain which could cause the mysterious force of the Road of Chaos to spare no expense in supporting the Greater One Sect and helping it to rise again. It must be known that, unlike the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Clear River Domain was not a new domain and had been visible among the Vast Thousand Domains for a long, long time. Its territory was not as large and its potential was not as high as the Heaven Wasteland Domain’s, and thus, objectively speaking, it was not worthy of fanatical investment and contention for by the large force of the Road of Chaos, yet this was the complete opposite of the current reality.

Nobody would do something that provided no return.

For a few days, Ye Qingyu had been wondering what exactly that mysterious force was seeking from the Clear River Domain for it to support the Greater One Sect so madly.

At night.

An advance squad from the Hundred Spirits Sect arrived in Flowing Light City.

They were led by the senior sister Shen Menghua and comprised of fifty disciples of considerable strength.

Master Cheng had stayed back to settle a few funeral affairs and would arrive in three days or so.

According to Shen Menghua, the Hundred Spirits Sect was preparing to seal the mountain and the Hundred Flowers Valley completely before sinking it underground. Thereafter, nobody would stay back to guard it. This could be considered a new way of protecting the mountain gate. The process of moving the entire sect to Flowing Light City required a few items to be prepared, and so three days of time was necessary. Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi would also be coming – the latter had no intention of returning to the Wei River Mountain Range, indicating his great confidence in the foundation of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

Three days later.

As scheduled, a large contingent from the Hundred Spirits Sect arrived.

Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi were part of it.

Flowing Light City could finally, albeit barely, be considered to be under the charge of top-level aces.

Everything began to fall into order.

Ye Qingyu did not have to manage city affairs any longer.

While walking around the city alone, he discovered a few more things which puzzled him.

“Where will you be going next, brother Ye Qingyu?” Nan Tieyi asked.

Ye Qingyu thought for a while before answering, “I’d wanted to go to the Wei River Mountain Range to visit Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling’er, and the gang, but since there’s no danger there, and also because I discovered a few oddities while fighting against Miao Wuhen, I’m thus preparing to take a trip to the Greater One Mountain Range, which isn’t too far from here and won’t take too long to return from.”

“Woof, I wanna go too.” The silly dog Little Nine leaped onto Ye Qingyu’s shoulders and shook its tail fawningly.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He had originally already planned to bring this silly dog along, because it could prove useful in some ways.

Hu Bugui also expressed his wish to follow along but was tactfully refused by Ye Qingyu.

Without him around, the top-level battle strength of Flowing Light City would be reduced by more than half, and in the slight chance that the Greater One Army launched a counter-offensive, Nan Tieyi would be left to hold things together alone. While the female disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect could passably maintain order in the city, they were some ways off from fighting against enemies.

After realizing this himself, Hu Bugui did not insist.

Half a day later.

In the Greater One Mountain Range.

Four years had passed. The Greater One Mountain Range, however, had not regained yuan qi as Ye Qingyu had anticipated.

It was turned into a land of death during the large battle back then. Now, four years later, a faint smell of blood continued to pervade the air, while remnants of power left behind after the experts battled were occasionally noticed. Although the water of the lake which was turned red back then had now returned to normal, the rocks and vegetation at the bottom of the lake had been terrifyingly dabbed in red, and occasionally, a giant bone-piercing and blood-sucking fish would leap out of the lake’s surface, causing a huge wave!

The universal power of laws remained somewhat chaotic here.

“This is abnormal. Reasonably speaking, the battle traces and destruction left behind by experts at the Immortal Step realm or thereabouts should have disappeared after four years.”

Ye Qingyu swept across the Void, somewhat shocked.

He felt that the depths of the Greater One Mountain Range, where the eight peaks were back then, possessed a heart-palpitating dark evil force which was highly obscure and indistinct, albeit noticeable enough to capture his utmost attention. This kind of power happened to tally with a few oddities which he had discovered in Flowing Light City and a few things he had encountered four years back.

He made a conjecture inwardly.

However, he did not want to believe it.

He continued to advance forward.

Given his current strength, his movement could not be hindered despite the deathly qi that filled the air.

Soon, the eight peaks indistinctly came into sight in the distant sky.

However, a hint of surprise showed on his face.

“Strange. The mountain gate of the Greater One Sect has become dilapidated like an ancient ruin. What’s going on?”

Seeing the state of the Greater One Eight Peaks, he felt astonished like never before.

Unlike what he had imagined, the eight peaks continued to look as ruined as after the Storm Sword Duel gathering, and had not been repaired and tidied up at all. There was no sign of people, as if it had been desolate for several hundred years. Among them, two peaks were already drooping, while the palaces and statues had collapsed and were covered in dust, and weeds grew everywhere. This was a scene akin to a forgotten, ruined land. It certainly did not make sense that the Greater One Sect would not repair their own mountain gate after returning to the Clear River Domain with sufficient power to make a clean sweep of the entire domain.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

