Chapter 1233:


Chapter 1248 - A Crisis

The vicious beasts flew at low altitudes and would charge downward time and time again, spewing out destructive flames from their mouths, as they caused an explosion each time they saw a suspicious area.

Flames burned brightly on the plains at different intervals.

Thankfully, rain suddenly fell from the skies and it was the middle of spring, so the grass and woods were lush and green. There were very few dry twigs and branches, so these fires did not spread.

Most of the plants that grew on the grassy plains, stretching for thousands of meters, were a kind of plant called Rising Steps. These plants were similar to reeds but taller. During mid-spring, the stems of these plants were not as thick as a human wrist but they grew rapidly; at the moment they were several dozen meters tall. These plants didn't have any branches but completely covered the grassy plains, making it impossible to see the ground from the top. The entire grassy plains were like a rolling green ocean and thoroughly blanketed everything under its surface, hiding it from sight.

The vicious beasts patrolled the area, as though they were hunting for something.

Lan Tian, who was hidden under the cover of the plants, was clad in full armor; he had pulled down the visor of his helmet, so only his eyes could be seen. No one else recognized him, apart from Hon Kong and the mysterious tall and skinny expert; everyone else assumed that this was a guard hired by the Academy.

Lan Tian traveled with White Deer Academy the entire time. They concealed their tracks and silently made their way forward to the south. The number of students and teachers was halved, as compared to when they had first left Deer City, and a large majority of those from White Deer Academy were injured. Along the way, they were pursued by the vicious beasts, and also had to be on their guard at all times for the fierce beasts that were native to the grassy plains—the native beasts were not happy to see humans invading their land at all.

Hon Kong was trying to comfort the panicked students.

These students might one day grow up to be well-respected prodigies of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, just as Ye Qingyu had done, but they were still considered kids at this point in time. They couldn't help but feel frightened in the face of such sudden disaster and several students sobbed softly. They were like frightened ducklings in the face of a tempest; it was the scariest nightmare of their young lives.

The mysterious tall and skinny expert never left Lan Tian's side.

Lan Tian had still been in good spirits when they had first left Deer City. He would extend a helping hand to the students and bicker with the teachers, but as time went on, he became more and more withdrawn, as though he was a completely different person; a dazed look flashed past his eyes under the visor.

The grassy plains had always been home to the demonic beasts of the grasslands and even if there wasn't a beast horde in pursuit of the group, this place was still extremely dangerous.

Over the past few years, it wasn't only the intellectual lifeforms cultivating the martial way who experienced unprecedented breakthroughs; not only the formation martial way's standards had increased tremendously, the demonic beasts native to the Heaven Wasteland Domain had also become even more powerful. All creatures had become more powerful. Before the beast horde had descended upon Deer City, the grassland demonic beasts had always kept to their territory on the grassy plains and hence, the empire had never sent anyone to destroy them. However, these beasts were now a nightmare to the four groups of people escaping through the plains.

Lan Tian had requested the mysterious tall and skinny expert to help and use his teleportation skills to bring everyone out of danger, but his request had been turned down.

Hon Kong didn't seem to approve of Lan Tian's idea, either.

Since the beast horde was not launching a full-scale pursuit, perhaps that person wasn't absolutely certain that Lan Tian was present. If the mysterious expert agreed to Lan Tian's request and some of his aura leaked out, this would possibly expose Lan Tian's identity. No one would be able to pay the price if that happened.

"Everyone, let's rest here for a while," Hon Kong said.

Hundreds of students and teachers were all completely exhausted. After his cue, they immediately laid down on the spot to rest.

Lan Tian silently stood at the outermost fringe of the group and looked very troubled. He was on high alert as he guarded the rest.

The mysterious expert stood beside Lan Tian, his face cold and devoid of expression.

Many teachers and students looked at them gratefully. Lan Tian had tried his best to take care of everyone along the way and had not uttered a single word of complaint, as though he didn't feel tired nor needed any rest. The mysterious tall and skinny expert seemed very aloof and had not uttered a single word, but each time the group met with danger, he and Hon Kong would join forces to help the group.

Many younger students were completely fatigued and panted heavily. Then, they sat cross-legged on the ground and exerted their mysterious techniques to calm their breathing and made use of the time they had to try to regain some energy.

Hon Kong sighed inwardly and rose to his feet as he said, "Calm seas will never be able to train good sailors. Although the journey has been tough and hazardous, as long as you move forward with determination, I'm sure that your strength will skyrocket and nothing will be able to deter you in the future. Look at Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu, the person many of you look up to, He took the initiative to stop his schooling in order to train himself. He headed to the most dangerous place in the empire, Youyan Pass, to serve in the army, and had once entered Snow Demon Court to carry out military missions. His predicament back then is similar to our current predicament, and he managed to succeed and achieve all that he has done because of his determination to push forward."

Many young students' eyes lit up at the mention of Ye Qingyu.

The students of White Deer Academy regarded Ye Qingyu as their idol and emotional support. They aimed to walk in Ye Qingyu's footsteps and the level of admiration they had for him was as fervent as seen on members of a cult. Thus, when Hon Kong used Ye Qingyu as an example to encourage them, every young student was suddenly full of determination and drive.

Then, the mysterious tall and skinny expert suddenly said, "Someone's coming."

Everyone immediately tensed and became vigilant. They instinctively fanned out in a formation and readied themselves for battle.

Hon Kong was not as nervous as the rest of them since the mysterious expert had said 'someone' and did not say that a 'demonic beast' was approaching.

There was a rustling sound and someone parted the long plants.

"Who's that?" Lan Tian was the first to rush over.

The mysterious tall and skinny expert followed closely behind.

Soon, Lan Tian returned with several dozen people.

There was one person in the group who wore a light suit of armor. She had a shapely body and there was an air of authority in her gentle features that commanded respect. This middle-aged woman had taken care of her looks, so her features were exceedingly beautiful; her skin was like jade and strong yuan qi energy ripples circulated within her body. Several armored women stood behind her as well, as several experts who seemed to be bodyguards or personal guards. Their aura was extremely strong, the mark of true experts.

"Madam Qin?" Hon Kong exclaimed. "How did you...?"

The authoritative middle-aged beautiful woman was none other than the mistress of the Ye residence, Qin Lan. Ye Qingyu respected her as his mother, so she enjoyed a special status within the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

Hon Kong knew that Ye Qingyu had installed a special small teleportation formation, or he wouldn't have suggested Song Qingluo to pay the Ye residence a visit, so he had assumed Qin Lan and the others would have used the teleportation formation to flee Deer City and head to a safe place. He hadn't expected to run into Qin Lan and the others in these dangerous grassy plains. Qin Lan was accompanied by the female martial artists Xiao Cao, Qing Qing, Lang Yong, and these people were all very close to Ye Qingyu.

"It's you, Academy Director Hon Kong," Qin Lan greeted him with a sigh of relief.

"Uncle Hon Kong," Xiao Cao greeted Hon Kong.

"What are you doing here?" Hon Kong asked with a complicated expression.

He had not tried to use the teleportation formation within the Ye residence to whisk Lan Tian and the others away, because he had not wanted to implicate these people. After all, Ye Qingyu had done so much for the Heaven Wasteland Domain and the Vast Thousand Domains, sacrificing a lot in the process; Hon Kong did not want to get Ye Qingyu's kin involved. However, who would have thought that he'd run into Qin Lan and the others in the most dangerous environment? In that moment, Hon Kong couldn't decide whether it was a blessing or a disaster.

After he probed further, he found out that Qin Lan had indeed attempted to use the teleportation formation to send everyone in the Ye residence to safety, the night the hordes of beasts had attacked, but a mysterious and frightening force had blanketed the sky above Deer City and stopped the formation from activating. This also rendered useless all of the other formations that Ye Qingyu had laid out. They had ultimately managed to leave Deer CIty alive because the commander of the northern gate and his men had sacrificed themselves to ensure their safety. They had headed south and suffered through a lot before reaching that place. Fortunately, Ye Qingyu had left behind certain techniques and artifacts that saved their lives along the way.

"If that's the case, then let's set forth together," Hon Kong said.

This might just be fate.

Even if he didn't want to get Qn Lan and the rest involved, he couldn't possibly watch and do nothing as a group of women ran around like headless chickens in grassy plains filled with demonic beasts. This would end tragically.

"I've already contacted Snow Capital and the reinforcements sent by Her Highness will be here shortly," Qin Lan said. The devices that Ye Qingyu left behind might have been rendered useless by that mysterious and terrifying force, but they could still be used. After she escaped, she still managed to use Ye Qingyu's devices to contact Yu Xiaoxing at the imperial city of Snow Capital. Yu Xiaoxing knew how much Qin Lan and the others meant to Ye Qingyu, so she sent out the best soldiers of the empire to rescue them at the first instance.

The students of White Deer Academy cheered excitedly.

Lan Tian was the only one who remained silent.

He was wondering whether he should really escape to Snow Capital.

If that person were to come, the city walls and valiant soldiers of the imperial city might not be able to ward him off. Then, wouldn't Snow Capital experience the same disaster that had befallen to Deer City? Would the slaughter at the Boundless River be repeated there at Snow Capital? If that was the case, did it mean that he would bring disaster and death wherever he went? When would his days of fleeing for his life come to an end?

Lan Tian remained silent as he pondered.

Soon, the group set off once more after they had rested. They continued to switch locations to prevent the flying vicious beasts from detecting their presence.

Approximately thirty minutes later, their tracks were finally discovered.

Countless vicious beasts growled furiously as they charged downward. To make matters worse, a giant King of Birds that was ten thousand meters tall had also appeared in the sky, like a huge rain cloud blocking out the sky. A figure that was shrouded in darkness and evil stood proud on the King of Birds' back. His Emperor qi circulated; his aura was extremely rich and abundant, as though a divine demonic king who had the power to control everything had finally appeared. He only had to release a wisp of his aura to cause all the demonic beasts on the grassy plains to tremble in fear.

"Hehe, Ye Qingyu's kin? Very well, since I can't find him, I shall kill them to vent my anger. This is also a beautiful thing. Hahaha, I shall let you experience the pain of losing your close ones," the figure that swirled with Emperor qi laughed maliciously.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1234:


Chapter 1249 - Man in Black with a Sword

In an instant, the expressions of both the mysterious thin and tall expert and Hon Kong, along with everyone else on the ground, changed greatly.

The reason why both of their expressions had changed was completely different from that of the others.

The instructors and students of the academy, along with Qin Lan and the others, had seen the King of Birds, whose body was ten thousand meters long, and felt the terrifying pressure that emanated from it. The mysterious expert and Hon Kong completely ignored the huge King of Birds, since they sensed the Emperor qi circling in the void; the owner of the power was a far more terrifying presence compared to the King of Birds, which was a mere steed.

"I'll protect them. Go!" Lan Tian growled in a low voice.

He held a huge sword with both hands and leaped up into the air. He then split a looming skeletal ferocious eagle-like beast into two, causing shattered bones to burst in the air like snow.

At the same time, many instructors of White Deer Academy also attacked the vicious beasts that were supposed to be scouts and now swooped down toward them.

A battle broke out in that instant.

This battle was fiercer and more intense than any other battle than ever before.

As the beast scouts growled angrily as they battled, another group of black beasts surged out from the skies in the distance. Since these black beasts were able to fly, they quickly crossed the Boundless River and charged in their direction. It was evident that everyone had been locked in as targets, and they were about to face a terrifying siege.

Hon Kong had no choice but to show his hand.

His level of cultivation was already at peak Great Saint realm. The power of laws surged when he attacked and dozens of beast scouts were reduced to white bone and blood in an instant, as they exploded mid-flight and plummeted to the ground.

"Kill!"

Dazzling divine radiance burst from Hon Kong's body, and he seemed to have turned into a bright, glaring Sun. His immense yuan qi surged out of his body and up into the skies, enveloping half of the sky with his own power; he was trying to buy time for the others.

"Leave!"

He shouted for the others to leave quickly.

The mysterious skinny expert grabbed hold of Lan Tian, who was still intent on charging toward the enemy, and told him, "Now is not the time to show your bravery." He then arranged with Qin Lan and several other academy instructors to bring everyone deeper into the grassy plains. He wanted to lead them out of the battlefield and use the cover of the sea of grass to shake these vicious beasts off their trail.

After Hon Kong made his move, countless vicious beast scouts were felled by him.

Everyone was about to leave the battlefield thanks to Hon Kong but suddenly, a strange cackle rang out through the skies. This strange laughter did not release any terrifying sound waves but contained a frightening magical power that made everyone feel dizzy. It was as though their souls were so shaken by the sound that they were about to escape from their bodies. Then, a ray of black radiance appeared from behind the King of Bird's back like a demonic saber, slashing through the sky and reaching Hon Kong's body.

"Puff!" Hon Kong's blood arced through the sky and a blood arrow spurted from his mouth.

The divine radiance on his body immediately dimmed and he fell from mid-air.

"Sir!"

"Mister Hon Kong!"

Horrified cries could be heard from down below.

A figure leapt up to the sky and caught Hon Kong.

It was none other than Lan Tian.

No one noticed the flash of bright light that crossed the mysterious expert's eyes and his fingers clenched tightly together for a second, but after a moment of hesitation, he ultimately loosened his grip slightly.

"You're just a bunch of crickets and ants. It's time to put an end to this," an authoritative and overbearing voice boomed loudly in the sky; the voice was so powerful that it brooked no defiance.

It was only a voice in the sky, but everyone froze on the spot as though they had been frozen by a paralysis spell; their souls seemed to have left them after his words. This was an instinctive reaction; they could not summon up any resistance against the owner of this voice. They would have killed themselves without any hesitation if that voice had told them to do so.

The countless vicious beasts all around them were also silenced by this voice. None of them dared to move—these violent creatures that lacked a mind of their own were clearly controlled by this man.

"Could it be him?" Lan Tian couldn't help but wonder.

He was overcome by a strange and unprecedented feeling. That feeling was utter terror.

"Ye Qingyu's family must die," the voice said once more, as though he had the power to determine who was guilty and worthy of punishment in this world.

At the same time, several rays of black flowing light shot out from the King of Birds' back. These rays of black flowing light moved at a moderate speed, like a soft incoming wind, and headed straight for Qin Lan, Xiao Cai, Qing Qing, and the others, but the killing intent and murderous spirit they contained was evident. Time seemed to slow down and death drew closer to the group. Qin Lan and the others were unable to resist at all and clearly felt the torturing mental agony of witnessing death as it descended upon them.

The person who attacked was clearly and deliberately torturing Qin Lan and the others.

"No," Lan Tian let out an anguished cry. He handed Hon Kong who was drifting off into unconsciousness to another instructor; he wanted to rush over and use his body to prevent this attack from reaching Qin Lan and the others. He had interacted with Ye Qingyu on several occasions and admired his character and achievements, so he didn't wish to see his family die in front of him.

However, the mysterious expert beside him reached out and gripped him tightly.

Lan Tian struggled with all his might but to no avail. He couldn't break free from the grip at all.

The others at the academy were also completely helpless to do anything about it.

As death approached Qin Lan and the others, another voice suddenly rang out at this critical juncture to say, "You're just a defeated dog who was chased out from the Dark Realm. Trying to exert your authority here is truly laughable."

Several rays of mysterious sword light, so sharp that it was as though they could destroy the word, appeared along with this voice.

Clink! Clink! Clink!

A mysterious sound that resembled a metallic ringing was heard.

The sword light appeared after the rays of black flowing light but reached their destination first and destroyed them before they slowly reached Qin Lan. Then, both rays of light were destroyed in the void.

It was as though nothing had happened before that.

Everyone saw a blinding flash of light and they didn't even know when a black-robed black-haired young man had appeared in the sky above them. This black-robed man was also tall and slim, standing so upright in the void that his spine seemed like a peerless treasured blade, drawn from its hilt. He had long, black hair, and carried a black sword scabbard on his back. The sword hilt was also black in color and an elusive black sword qi swirled around him.

The moment this black-robed man with a sword appeared, everyone felt the terrifying pressure vanish instantly, and the authoritative force field that the owner of the menacing voice had spread across the area had also disappeared. The sensation they had felt, as if their souls were attempting to leave their bodies, also disappeared. Everyone exhaled in relief, their bodies feeling much lighter.

A strange phenomenon had also appeared in the air.

The sky seemed to have been split into two, and the southern part of the firmament with the black-robed swordsman in its center seemed to have been destroyed by his piercing sword will, turning into a cosmic spatial void while the northern part of the firmament with the King of Birds at its center seemed to have turned into a living hell swirling with black, evil mist.

These were two highly-skilled experts with two completely different firmament backdrops behind them.

This was the true battle amongst top-level experts.

The entire world turned silent and solemn in that instant.

Qin Lan and the others gasped for breath after they were barely pulled from the jaws of death. They had truly felt the shadow of death descending upon them earlier, and even the lifesaving divine artifacts that Ye Qingyu had given them could not be activated, for these artifacts had been completely overpowered by the strange forcefield earlier. It was evident how terrifying that person on the King of Birds' back was.

Everyone from White Deer Academy felt as though they had barely escaped death.

Countless pairs of eyes looked at the black-robed figure with a sword in the sky. It was clear that the man was an extremely powerful expert and no one could detect the limits of his cultivation. Otherwise, this black-robed person would never have been able to fight the man on the King of Birds' back. He had truly come in the nick of time.

Who could this man be?

Could he be part of the reinforcements that the Empress had sent over?

There were only a handful of experts who were as powerful as the black-robed figure, so which one was he?

Could he be the Demon King Yan Buhui from the Northern Demonic Court? That didn't make sense since there was no demonic aura surrounding him. Moreover, his hair was not silvery-white, so that ruled him out. Could it be the [Heaven Wasteland Saber King]? It seemed unlikely since Qin Zhishui was well-versed in saber techniques, while this black-robed person was carrying a black sword, so this didn't match with Qin Zhishui's description. Could it be Li Shui, the leader of the Crepe Myrtle Sect who had risen to fame over the past few years? It was said that Li Shui was the sect leader of the Crepe Myrtle Sect, and Ye Qingyu had personally given him advice and held him in high regard. He could even almost be considered a disciple of Ye Qingyu; his cultivation on the sword martial way as astounding...

Many students and instructors of White Deer Academy secretly tried to figure out his identity.

They ran through the list of possible suspects and it seemed like only Li Shui of the Crepe Myrtle Sect seemed to fit the description of the black-robed figure with a sword in the void.

After all, Li Shui was one of the few swordmasters of the empire.

Hon Kong who had regained some strength was the only one who was not of the opinion that it was not Li Shui. He was sure that despite how much Yan Buhui's, Qin Zhishui's, Li Shui's and the others' cultivation had surged over the past few years, they most definitely couldn't match up to that figure on the King of Bird's back. These top experts of the Heaven Wasteland Empire's martial way were indeed very powerful, but they had not become Emperors, and he could detect an evident Emperor qi swirling around that figure, which marked him as someone more powerful than a Quasi-emperor. Since the black-robed figure with a sword had managed to contend against that figure with Emperor qi, it showed that he was more powerful than a Quasi-emperor.

When had such a terrifying presence emerged from the Heaven Wasteland Domain or the Vast Thousand Domains?

Hon Kong was not as critically injured as he appeared. He secretly turned back to glance at the mysterious tall and skinny expert who silently stood guard by Lan Tian's side. He saw that the mysterious tall and skinny expert was also looking in his direction. They could see the confusion reflected in each other's eyes when their eyes met, and... traces of relief.

"Who exactly are you?" the figure on the King of Birds' back finally spoke. He no longer sounded confident and overbearing but there was now a trace of doubt in his voice.

"I'm from the Heaven Wasteland Domain," the black-robed figure with a sword said. his voice sounded like the clashing of swords and it was full of murderous and destructive intent.

"Impossible, how could a tiny domain such as the Heaven Wasteland Domain produce an Emperor?" the figure on the King of Birds' back asked in disbelief. "I can sense the aura from the Dark Realm on you... You're not Ye Qingyu, but I can't believe that someone other than Ye Qingyu could possess such powerful cultivation... you... are you someone who was groomed by His Highness? How dare you defy the will of His Highness? How could you be so audacious? Are you trying to court death?"

"A frog in a well does not know the great ocean," the black-robed swordsman's voice dripped with contempt as the said, "That man is a rebel himself and can't possibly predict everything in this world with accuracy. You're merely a dog reared by him, so what do you know?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1235:


Chapter 1250 - A Prodigy Who Has Reincarnated

"How audacious of you!" the figure on the back of the King of Birds cried out angrily. The deathly black mist aura circling around him suddenly exploded like a tsunami. Heaven and earth shook and the firmament trembled as his aura crushed down toward the southern part with an invincible force. "You deserve death for slandering His Highness."

The black-robed swordsman shook his head and said, "You're just a walking corpse; there's no hope for you at all."

The black longsword behind him trembled slightly and released a clear and mellow sword call. It was clear, long, and vaguely audible. His sword will suddenly exploded all over the sky as well, showering down like a circulating nebula, and crashed violently against the black mist.

Rumble!

Dao sounds boomed in the sky.

A powerful clash of energies happened, so powerful that it couldn't be put into words. The firmament above the vast grass plains seemed to transform into a chaotic canvas, as a myriad of rare and exotic scenes flashed past. It seemed as though the evolution of all things, the formation and destruction of planets, large stars floating in space, nebulae appearing and disappearing, like the death of all things, the Heavenly River turning upside down, the formation of thunder and lightning... all kinds of strange scenes were visible in the firmament.

At that instant, countless creatures on the plains stared at these scenes in avid fascination.

Many of them, including ordinary beasts that had yet to evolve, or even the fierce vicious beasts that lacked intellectual abilities, stared at the sky in fascination. The scenes that they were witnessing looked like a mysterious scroll, one that closely resembled the Expansion Way of the Universe. These scenes held a fatal attraction to all living creatures in the world.

All beings were instinctively drawn to the universal Great Dao.

Lan Tian, Hon Kong, and the tall and skinny expert were the only ones who remained clear-headed.

Swish!

A shrill howl of the sword was suddenly heard, as the black-robed swordsman used his backhand to draw the sword that he carried on his back.

It was as though a sharp demonic sword that had been drenched in ink was drawn. Its blade split the void open and the sword will that filled the southern part of the sky seemed to gather toward this sword. It slashed out powerfully and the sword will that exploded from it was far too terrifying to fathom. It seemed like this weapon had the power to destroy the entire world for it was so cold, overpowering, and authoritative, filled with a killing intent that seemed bent on destroying everything. Its sword light split apart the strange scenes that flitted across the void like a natural moat.

After the two experts exchanged blows, it was evident who the victor was.

"Ah...! You..." the figure on the King of Birds' back yelled in pain. He sounded extremely shocked as though he had discovered something unbelievable.

The next instant—

Boom!

There was a muffled bang as the King of Birds that was several tens of thousands of meters tall was hit by the sword will. Its large body suddenly exploded and the sky was filled with a shower of blood.

Feathers flew everywhere.

This fierce King of Birds didn't even have the time to let out a mournful screech before it died without a proper burial.

The fierce beast's blood fell like torrential rain and covered the surrounding thousands of meters of the vast grass plains, dying the green sea of grass red.

"I'll remember you... You'll regret today's actions when we next meet. I'll make sure that you pay the price!" said the mysterious figure who had stood on the King of Birds' back. He seemed to have been critically injured, letting out a painful growl before bellowing in resentment.

Then, his figure flickered as he left the area that was covered with destructive sword will. Deathly sinister mist swirled around him as he hastily made his retreat, instantly disappearing in the northern part of the firmament. The crushing aura that left everyone breathless also melted away immediately, as though boiling water had been poured onto a patch of snow.

The vicious beast scouts that circled the sky and the flying beast horde that had come to lend aid seemed to sense danger. They let out mournful wails as they hastily attempted to flee, but heaven and earth were now filled with a destructive sword will; rays of silver sword radiance criss-crossed the firmament around the surrounding tens of thousands of meters like a raging tempest. Soon, all of the vicious beasts were reduced to ashes that were scattered in the wind.

All of the strange scenes in the firmament dissipated, revealing the black-robed swordsman standing as erect as a mountain in the sky.

His black demonic sword had been sheathed before anyone noticed.

Blood qi spread across the air and the winds howled.

The wind caused his inky black long hair to dance in the wind.

Black robes, black hair, and a black sword!

As he stood in the sky with his sword in its scabbard, he seemed to draw all eyes toward him as though he had a magnetic pull.

Who exactly could this person be? This man who seemed to be like a sword god?

Everyone wondered.

Even the youngest students of White Deer Academy had realized that this black-robed figure was definitely not Yan Buhui, Li Shui, or any of the other people who they had guessed earlier. The power of his sword had been far too formidable. If they looked at the current generation of prodigies, perhaps it would be only comparable to the power Ye Qingyu had unleashed when he killed the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect; this was in front of the Four Stars Sect's main gates some time ago.

When had the Vast Thousand Domains produced such a matchless sword god?

If not for the fact that everyone knew how much the Deputy Spokesperson Ye Qingyu loved wearing white robes and did not possess a black demonic blade, they would have mistakenly thought that Ye Qingyu himself had arrived.

Suddenly, an elderly instructor who had been with White Deer Academy for several decades let out a soft gasp and said, "He... seems so familiar... Impossible, you can't be him... It has been countless years since he disappeared..."

"Who are you talking about?"

"Sir, who are you referring to...?"

Several students and instructors turned to look at this elderly instructor.

The elderly instructor quickly shook his head and said, "I might be mistaken... It can't be, it can't possibly be him... He died many years ago. What a pity. If he were still alive, he might be as formidable as this man... Don't look at me that way, I've mistaken him for someone else."

His words left everyone else speechless.

However, another instructor who was also relatively old suddenly said as realization slowly dawned, "Master Wang Yi, are you referring to Yan Xingtian who had been known as the two treasures of humble origins from our White Deer Academy? You're right, his figure and black robes bear a strong resemblance to Yan Xingtian's. Back in those days, Yan Xingtian had also been a peerless prodigy but had unfortunately met with an accident while out training. His whereabouts are unknown and it is likely that he has perished." This instructor sounded very regretful.

Everyone finally realized who Instructor Wang Yi had been referring to.

Not many people had heard of Yan Xingtian since; in spite of his peerless aptitude and the fact that he had been highly regarded by many instructors, including the previous head of the academy, he had disappeared before he could fully live up to his aptitude and potential. Many people have forgotten his name with the exception of the few elderly instructors who had taught him.

Several instructors couldn't help but sigh inward in regret at the mention of Yan Xingtian's name.

This was especially true for Instructor Wang Yi who had admired Yan Xingtian's aptitude the most, among all the instructors. He was also on very good terms with Yan Xingtian and had tried his best to look after him in many aspects. He had put in a lot of effort to groom Yan Xingtian because he was also an instructor of humble origins, so he hoped that he could groom Yan Xingtian to be a model for future students of a humbler background in the empire. Instructor Wang Yi had been devastated when Yan Xingtian had met with an accident and had erected a grave for Yan Xingtian, putting his personal belongings inside.

This was the reason why Instructor Wang Yi had immediately drawn the connection between the black sword-wielding  god of swords in the sky and Yan Xingtian. He had probably never forgotten that determined, quiet, and strong-willed student of his who had a penchant for black robes. This student, along with Ye Qingyu, had been known as the two treasures from humble origins at White Deer Academy. If he had truly lived up to his potential, Yan Xingtian might have even been as famous as Ye Qingyu, or at the very least, achieved outstanding feats in their own right.

The instructors who were aware of Instructor Wang Yi's feelings for Yan Xingtian couldn't help but sigh to themselves in regret.

Yan Xingtian was probably the most painful part of Instructor Wang Yi's past.

It was a pity that the sight of this man had dredged up Instructor Wang Yi's memories of his favorite student, only being wishful thinking on his part. This had happened on several occasions as well, and he would make this comment each time he saw a prodigy that reminded him of Yan Xingtian. It was impossible for that figure in the sky, who resembled a sword god, to be Yan Xingtian. After all, Yan Xingtian had perished decades ago and could not possibly exist in this world. It was impossible for him to have escaped death based on the circumstances of that accident.

However, the figure who stood in the sky suddenly disappeared.

A voice rang out clearly in everyone's ears—

"Greetings, Instructor Wang Yi."

Everyone saw a blurry flash and when their visions cleared, they saw the black-robed figure in front of Instructor Wang Yi. He stood tall and upright as he bowed respectfully at Instructor Wang Yi; the gesture made was indeed the one used by students of White Deer Academy when greeting their instructors.

"You..." Instructor Wang Yi said dumbly and his eyes widened in disbelief.

The black-robed swordsman bowed once more and said, "Greetings, sir. I'm Yan Xingtian."

"It is truly you? God, I..." Instructor Wang Yi stammered as he came back to his senses. He had dreamed of the lonely and determined black-robed young man, bowing to him on countless occasions. But each time he woke up, he was disappointed to find that it was nothing but an illusion. Yet, this time, everything seemed so real and this was something that he had yearned for... but, it couldn't possibly be a dream, right?

Everyone else froze in shock.

Hon Kong and the mysterious expert were also overcome with shock.

How... could it be the prodigy who everyone thought was dead? Was he truly back?

"Greetings, Grand Instructor Hon Kong. Greetings to all instructors," the swordsman in black continued to bow respectfully at Hon Kong and the other instructors who had once taught him. Hon Kong had not been the head of the academy when he had left; only a Grand Instructor. Thus, this was the title Yan Xingtian used when he greeted Hon Kong. Hon Kong had also been an admirer of Yan Xingtian's talents back in those days, but did not put in as much effort in grooming him as Instructor Wang Yi had done. Nonetheless, he had been on rather good terms with Yan Xingtian.

They all shook out of their reveries and were finally certain that this black-robed swordsman was truly White Deer Academy's prodigy that had died an early death, Yan Xingtian.

Everything felt like a dream.

The young man whom everyone assumed was dead had come back to life, and now possessed such terrifying and unbelievable cultivation.

Several younger students looked at this black-robed young man admiringly. They were in awe of Yan Xingtian's formidable sword skills and hoped to become like him one day.

Finally, Yan Xingtian circled back to Instructor Wang Yi and gave him a formal greeting once again.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1236:


Chapter 1251, That person's news

“Child, it's really you...” Teacher Wang Yi was so excited that his voice was trembling.

All this was like a dream, he was afraid that everything would disappear the moment he opens his eyes. Although the time spent together was short, he had always regarded Yan Xingtian as his descendant. Before Yan Xingtian entered White Deer Academy there was a time when he was an orphan and had to rely on Teacher Wang Yi for material assistance. The relationship between the two was simply not something easily understood by others.

“Sir, I'm back.” Yan Xingtian's personality was stubborn and cold, but in front of Teacher Wang Yi he was extremely respectful.

Teacher Wang Yi stretched out his hand to clap Yan Xingtian on the shoulder, eyes reddening. Then he subconsciously raised his hand to rub his eyes and said, “Good, good, it’s good that you're back. To be able to see you again while I’m still alive, I, Wang Yi, can now die happily.” At this point, his tears were already streaming uncontrollably down his cheeks. Wang Yi was also an orphan, and his wife and children died of illness at a young age. When he encountered Yan Xingtian on the streets, he was already without child, and thus cultivated Yan Xingtian as his son. Back when Yan Xingtian went missing, the entire White Deer Academy was very grief-stricken but the one who was most upset was certainly old teacher Wang Yi.

“Student has been wandering outside all these years, but has also inquired about Teacher and even went to the Road Name Academy to watch Teacher from afar. It was because of some reasons that I was unable to see Teacher. I hope Teacher won't blame me for this.” Yan Xingtian bowed deeply while speaking.

He was an orphan since a young age, without relatives and without friends. He had been wandering alone like a stray cat in Deer City. As a result his lonely and icy-cold personality was developed. He was unruly and unyielding, and no matter who it was, he did not attach any importance to them. Therefore back then, even as a student of a poor and humble background, his relationship with Ye Qingyu was no better than that between Ye Qingyu and Qin Wushuang. In this world, it was only Wang Yi who made him feel the warmth of love in the most difficult years of his childhood. Now he has become one of the strongest experts in the world and was only half a step away from the last pass. He showed disdain for the entire world, but in front of Wang Yi, he was extremely polite and respectful.

“Don't worry, don't worry, knowing that you are still alive and possess the cultivation base you have now, I am already more happy than anything. I have nothing else to wish for now.” Wang Yi wiped away tears, gradually calmed his emotions, and then suddenly remembered something: “You just said that, because of some reasons it was inconvenient for you to show up, but you appeared this time... is this not going to bring you any trouble?”

As they say, the more one cares, the more troubled one is. Wang Yi was extremely worried all of a sudden.

Since it was inconvenient for Yan Xingtian to show up for so many years, and had to watch over him secretly, then there must be some terrifying reason behind this. But because he and the others encountered danger, Yan Xingtian had to appear to save him. Would that bring trouble to Yan Xingtian?

Yan Xingtian shook his head and smiled, “Teacher please don’t worry. In this world there aren't many people that can make me feel troubled now.”

He was full of confidence, but it was indeed the truth. The him now was almost standing at the peak of the world, able to overlook thousands of creatures. Even the power of that sword just now was enough to destroy thousands of peerless experts in the Vast Thousand Domains.

Teacher Wang Yi could finally relax when he heard this. He nodded and said with a wide smile, “Right, your sword strike just now can split apart the world and frighten fiendgods. You have already reached a state which we cannot fathom. Your cultivation base can be said to be world-shaking. Haha, I really have been worrying too much. Back then you and Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu were called the double walls of White Deer Academy. Unfortunately you have vanished without any news. After that, Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu traveled north to Youyan Pass, and from then on, soared to the sky, fought the world, and has achieved unparallel prestige. I have countless times thought that, if you were still around, you will certainly be as glorious as Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu is now. I was right hahaha. The two most outstanding talents of my White Deer Academy are both already peerless experts, hahaha!”

Once one is happy, as if they had been drinking, one would speak a lot more.

At this time, Wang Yi was in this state. After intense emotional fluctuations, he was overjoyed and spoke much more and even directly compared Yan Xingtian with Ye Qingyu.

But the reaction of the others around wasn’t too unusual——In truth, in other occasions, if someone dares to be compared with Ye Qingyu, then that would just be bringing disgrace to their own head. Especially in Heaven Wasteland Domain, where Ye Qingyu had a high and mighty status. Even the present age Empress who brought about the peaceful and prosperous Heaven Wasteland Domain may not be able to compare with Ye Qingyu. In the hearts of many martial artists, Ye Qingyu was similar to a god-like existence. All of the students and teachers of White Deer Academy also had a special feeling towards him. If someone acted slightly disrespectful to Ye Qingyu, they would be attacked from all sides.

But at this moment, Wang Yi had compared Ye Qingyu with Yan Xingtian and even said that these two were evenly matched. Of course this was because of the special relationship they had. However, the other people also did not know how to disagree, because firstly Yan Xingtian was indeed from White Deer Academy, and it was a known fact that the two people were known as the double walls of White Deer Academy. Adding to this, Yan Xingtian's sword strike just now was indeed unmatched. The people present couldn’t help but acknowledge the fact that his swordsmanship was absolutely comparable to Ye Qingyu’s, and perhaps... even stronger than that of Ye Qingyu a few years ago.

In particular, Hon Kong and the mysterious thin and tall expert, whose insight and knowledge were sharper than those of ordinary people, were truly aware of Ye Qingyu’s cultivation realm when he was at his peak. Therefore, in truth, they had already ranked Yan Xingtian above Ye Qingyu. After all, to defeat an expert shrouded with Emperor power in one sword slash was something that not even Ye Qingyu could achieve in his strongest state back then.

However, unexpectedly, after hearing Teacher Wang Yi's words, Yan Xingtian's face was crossed with a complex expression.

After a brief pause, he shook his head, “Thank you for the compliment Teacher, to be equally famous as the Great Immortal God Emperor is an incredibly lucky thing. I have made success in my cultivation, but compared to the Great Immortal God Emperor, the gap is still too great. It is like comparing a firefly and the sky. Perhaps my achievements in the future can be compared to his, but now there is still a great distance between us.” Yan Xingtian was a very conceited and proud person, and looked at almost all heroes in the world disdainfully. There was not many people he attached importance to. But the same reason, the prouder a person is, the more one would not go to deliberately belittle someone comparable to oneself in front of others. So, although somewhat unwilling to accept it, and despite the fact that he had been trying to catch up all this time, he must admit that the present Ye Qingyu was much stronger than he was now. He of course was aware of what had happened in the Dark Realm.

The Great Immortal God Emperor?

Everyone was puzzled for a moment.

Then they immediately understood that the Great Immortal God Emperor that Yan Xingtian mentioned was referring to Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu.

But when did Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu become the Great Immortal God Emperor?

The Great Emperor was not a title anyone can claim. Since ancient times, it was only the real Martial Emperor who could call themselves the Great Emperor. Moreover, the two words, Immortal God was even more impressive, an air of self confidence hits one directly in the face upon hearing this. This title alone was enough to explain everything, and since it came from someone like Yan Xingtian it truly had strength and persuasiveness.

“There hasn’t been any news of Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu for several years after he tidied up the Domain Alliance. When did he become the Great Immortal God Emperor?” A teacher who also taught Yan Xingtian back then finally couldn’t help asking.

This was a question that everybody had.

For a while, everybody had forgotten that the invaders army had just retreated and there may be danger again. All were staring at Yan Xingtian, waiting for his answer.

Vaguely, many people have guessed that, during the seemingly calm years in the Vast Thousand Domains, Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu, who appeared to have been living in seclusion, had made some earthshaking achievements once again.

Yan Xingtian knew about what had happened in the Dark Realm, but there were not many people in the Vast Thousand Domains that does.

He originally did not want to say anything more, but when he saw that Teacher Wang Yi was also quite interested, he explained, “Ye Qingyu did not really vanish, but left the Vast Thousand Domains to enter the Dark Realm. In just a few years, he has already emerged as a new force to be reckoned with, swept the Guardian Royal City, and killed countless marquis and sovereign experts. Through the battle on the Azure Cloud Platform, he stepped into the Emperor realm and became a present age Martial Emperor of the world. In accordance with the rules of the Royal City, he governed the Dark Realm, and later on put down a revolt and was rumoured to have killed several existences of a similar level. He is now the supreme ruler of the Dark Realm. Under his sword, no one is a match for him. Besides a few hidden old monsters, he is most likely already the most supreme existence...”

“What?”

“Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu has ascended to Martial Emperor?”

“Is this true? A present age Martial Emperor... unbelievable.”

“Heavens, a present age Martial Emperor...”

Before Yan Xingtian had finished speaking, clamour had already broke out.

Even the most crazy Ye Qingyu admirers, when they heard the words, ‘stepped into the Emperor realmand ‘become a present age Martial Emperor’, were still dumbfounded.

It has been a long time since a Martial Emperor had emerged in the Vast Thousand Domains, and without an Emperor, the Quasi-emperors were invincible. Back then, the reason that Ye Qingyu was able to win resounding fame throughout the world and crush all major clans, and that no one dared to fight back was because he had killed a number of Quasi-emperor experts. Although it has only been a few years since then, but Ye Qingyu had already stepped into the Emperor realm and ascended to the true pinnacle of martial arts. Such news, once out, was enough to make the whole world go completely crazy and cause a sensation.

Martial Emperor, these few words were enough to explain everything, but also able to set off a huge wave.

The majority of the people present were from the Human Race of the Heaven Wasteland Damain apart from a few genius successors of foreign races and other domains among the students of White Deer Academy. However all were admirers of Ye Qingyu. On hearing such news, after the initial great shock, all were bursting with excitement. Now that Ye Qingyu had become a Martial Emperor, it was unimaginable what kind of impact he will have on Heaven Wasteland Domain and even the Vast Thousand Domains. But there was one thing that was certain, and that it has incomparably great benefits to both the Human Race and the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

