Chapter 545:


Chapter 565, Quasi-Emperor?

In the distance.

Old Fish slowly stood up.

On his face was still his signature wretched smiling expression.

But an extremely tyrannical consciousness power came surging out unstoppably from his thin and somewhat crooked body.

This consciousness power was like raging torrents and swirling hurricanes. It was like the ocean covering the sun, it sped along and spread with a violent force.

Between heaven and earth, there were immediately constant changes like clouds and waves surging, mountains and valleys were changing. The blast caused by the consciousness power was like a powerful dome rippling from the ninth heaven. It penetrated thousands of meters into the ground, uninterrupted and endless.

Instantaneously the area within tens of thousands of meters of the Storm Platform were shrouded by the aura of the invincible consciousness power, like a martial emperor had descended. It exuded a majestic and imposing manner, and as if that the next moment, his cry would send mountains collapsing and his anger would cause the wind and clouds to change colour; his power unmatched by any person.

Enveloped by the eruption of the consciousness power, the crowd immediately cried out in shock, faces ashen, and falling into chaos.

Between heaven and earth, there was a never before seen consciousness power.

This was simply not a level that a human being can reach.

That consciousness aura was like a solid substance, mighty and magnificent. In the split second of Old Fish slowly getting up, he resembled a Demon God , crushing everyone present.

For a moment, heaven and earth seemed to be shivering under this power.

Everyone was astonished.

“Quasi-Emperor?”

On the Nangong family’s floating peak, Nangong Jue immediately rose to his feet, and it was the first time his face took in the look of shock and horror, completely losing self-control.

Behind him the several elders looked more than frightened. They instinctively stood with full alert and raising the yuan qi-formed blue boundary.

“How could it be!”

In the direction of the Sky Demon Palace, the Palace Master’s complexion had wildly changed, his body quivering, as though he was confronted by a powerful enemy.

Under the great shock, his fingernail pierced his palms as he clasped his hands together. A few drops of blue-coloured liquid trickled down the meadow, and the grass was lit with green fireworks and the vegetation was instantaneously reduced to ashes.

The other Palace Spiritual Masters behind him all looked frightened, almost exposing their real body, like wild mountainous beasts meeting a very formidable opponent.

The other disciples all exposed their real self, fleeing in disarray. There were the endless roars of all kinds of spirit beasts and animals.

“There is such power in this world?” On the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect’s floating peak, the master and apprentice had stood up.

The blood and qi of the master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was bubbling like the ocean, but more vividly within his body was the clang of swords striking, and then an invisible giant sword shadow soared up thousands of meters high.

While the yuan qi of the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was increasing sharply all over him, behind him were two balls of flames shining, and his eyes were lit with a strong fighting spirit.

“Heavens... too terrifying, what is this power?”

On the Heaven Desire Demon Sect’s floating peak, the jade crowned man was aghast, body bending and almost knelt down to surrender in the first moments. His mind was almost taken away, unable to control himself.

Behind him, the dozens of handsome men and beautiful women were also ashen faced, drawing closer to each other and standing back to back, converging yuan qi power together, like a group of frightened little chicks in a storm.

……

“This... how could it be?”

Greater One Sect's floating peak.

Greater One Spiritual Master suddenly got up, light madly flashing in the depths of his eyes. On his face was obvious shock and astonishment, and his body began shaking.

Besides the headmaster and Immortal Step boundary experts on the Greater One Sect’s floating peak that operated consciousness yuan qi to prevent changes from their body, the other disciples were pale with fear. Some of the lower-level disciples had already lost control of themselves, kneeling on the ground.

Except the experts of the major sects that could stabilize the mind, the people of the other small sects were already trembling in fear, some could not even stand up, curled up in the narrow cracks of the peak to protect itself.

This was a near god-like power.

The most powerful martial artist in the world in history was the Martial Emperor.

The Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors emerged from the Human Race, and the creatures of the other races all had their own Martial Emperors.

In every period, there was only one martial arts emperor that received the Mandate of Heaven, becoming an invincible existence.

Under the Martial Emperor, there was the Quasi-Emperor.

In the circumstances that the Martial Emperor had not appeared for millions of years, a Quasi-Emperor-level expert can be called an absolute invincible existence that can sweep away the ninth heaven.

Greater One Spiritual Master’s mind was almost trembling

He looked at the small floating peak, and looked at the stooped and thin body. Disbelief and shock burst forth from his eyes.

It was the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect.

Because of the outstanding performance of Tian Huang before, Greater One Sect had specifically investigated and observed this so-called Thunder and Lightning Sect’s master.

But no matter which side the conclusion was obtained from, this so-called master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect was weak and poor, just a little stronger than the ordinary martial artist.

Finally, the Greater One Spiritual Master and the other junior brothers considered the speculations and came to the conclusion——The Thunder and Lightning Sect was not terrifying and was just an ordinary little sect, otherwise it would not have taken them so many years to gain fame. And the reason that Tian Huang was so strong was most likely because he had obtained other opportunities, such as the relics of former sages.

So later, Greater One Sect did not pay much attention to the Thunder and Lightning Sect.

So on the Storm Platform, He Ju, Liu Xuezong, and even Greater One Spiritual Master did not hold back at all and wanted to kill Tian Huang.

Every senior of the Greater One Sect firmly believed that they can easily knead and crush Tian Huang... And the Thunder and Lightning Sect behind him.

But they did not expect that...

They never expected that the Master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect had unexpectedly reached such an incredible level.

Possessing Quasi-Emperor-level consciousness power.

The consciousness of a martial artist, generally speaking, was matched with their own strength.

When all the people in the audience saw his consciousness power, he was naturally regarded as an invincible existence.

“What?”

In this moment, Greater One Spiritual Master could no longer maintain his usual calmness.

He was experienced and been through countless situations, and his martial arts spirit seemed still and unaffected, but at this moment his mind still went blank and he almost lost the ability to think.

This was a suspected Quasi-Emperor.

The power of the Quasi-Emperor can sweep away the sky with one thought, let alone Clear River Domain. Even the overlord-level domains in the great wide world, or even the entire domain alliance, in the presence of a Quasi-Emperor, they most likely would bow down and not fight back.

Greater One Sect had provoked such an enemy?

……

On the Storm Platform.

The mind of the powerful and provoking Great Hua Peak headmaster He Ju also went blank at this moment.

He was petrified, standing still with a terrified face, trembling with fear, a terror as deep as the abyss.

Especially since Old Fish’s wrath had led to an eruption of consciousness power. As the culprit, He Ju had to bear the brunt of the impact of the consciousness power. For a moment he could only feel his consciousness shaking inside, like a small boat in storm at sea, his entire body was involuntarily shivering and light as a feather, like a wisp of mist that would be swallowed by wind and vanish like smoke at any second.

Around the various floating peaks, thousands bowed down in surrender.

Some were frozen with shock.

Some knelt down to worship.

Some could not bear the consciousness power and directly fainted.

Such invincible power, no one dare touch its edge.

The wind and clouds on the Storm Platform set off waves of the Sword Duel.

It was only at this moment that many people finally understood that the Thunder and Lightning Sect had such a strong and profound foundation.

It is no wonder that Tian Huang’s strength was extraordinary. It was no wonder that on the day of the Enlightened Tea Garden, Tian Huang threw away the White Lotus Immortal sword like trash, boasting that the Thunder and Lightning Sect will not care about such things...

The Thunder and Lightning Sect unexpectedly had a suspected Quasi-Emperor expert.

Tian Huang had a near invincible master.

On the Hundred Spirits Sect’s floating peak, eldest senior sister Shen Menghua cheered, eyes lit up with excitement.

Originally, she had only thought to request help from the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect as a last resort, even though it was most likely of no use. She did not carry too much hope. After all, the Thunder and Lightning Sect was not well known, and only relying on the strength that Tian Huang showed at the Enlightened Tea Garden cannot save the Hundred Spirits Sect. But today, through the battle on the Storm Platform, not only had Tian Huang crushed Chen Shaohua, his master, who seemed like an ordinary old man, had shown such tremendous powers.

This was an unexpected delight.

Shen Menghua couldn’t help but clench her fist, her slender white finger slightly trembling with excitement.

Shen Menghua scanned the surroundings and saw the expression of the crowd.

She also understood that many of the experts present were getting restless, having the thought of befriending the Thunder and Lightning Sect. Once the Storm Sword Duel gathering comes to an end, Tian Huang and his master would most likely become the center and focus of the whole Clear River Domain.

But so what?

They cannot be compared to her, who had invested in the beginning, and had set up an agreement with Gongzi Tian Huang. No matter what the other people do, the Hundred Spirits Sect had already made friends with the Thunder and Lightning Sect, thereby occupying an absolute advantage.

Heaven Desire Demon Sect?

That's not a threat at all.

As long as the Thunder and Lightning Sect’s master... Oh, no, the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect Tian Huang says a few words, Heaven Desire Demon Sect would not dare to say a word and immediately keep far away from the Hundred Spirits Sect and no longer dare to threaten the Hundred Spirits Sect.

At the thought of a better future, Shen Menghua was almost mad with excitement.

And Liu Ruxin's reaction was similar to Shen Menghua.

Of course, not everyone was as ecstatic as Shen Menghua.

Those fawning people before that kept repeatedly requesting Greater One Sect to kill Tian Huang, the scourge to martial artists, were now almost scared to death.

They were all quivering on their knees and did not even dare to lift their head up, fearing that the Thunder and Lightning Sect master would noticed them and thus remember what they had said before.

On the contrary, some people even began to rejoice in other people’s misfortune.

They had always found the Greater One Sect unbearable or had been bullied by Greater One Sect before, and unfortunately dared not voice their anger. But now Tian Huang had such a powerful master. The Greater One Sect this time could be said to have kicked an iron plate. There was even a possibility of them being utterly destroyed.

All of a sudden, noise and excitement was about to break out.

And Greater One Spiritual Master and the other influential people obviously realized this in the first moment.

“How do I remedy this situation?”

Greater One Spiritual Master forced himself to be calm, his brain in rapid thinking.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 546:


Chapter 566, Does elder have any requests?

On the Storm Platform.

The powerful and provoking headmaster of the Great Hua Peak He Ju was similarly trembling with fear.

He felt his consciousness agitated, as if it was about to shatter at any time. He had no alternative but to consolidate and uphold his energy, and endure the pain of his consciousness being torn.

Old Fish’s quasi-emperor-like consciousness power cut across like a raging hurricane. Shrouded within, He Ju felt like a wisp of weak mist in the midst of a hurricane, without the slightest power to fight back. It was as if he seemingly would be ripped apart at any time and vanish like smoke in thin air.

He Ju, at this time, realized that his impulsive decision had led to that kind of disaster.

“This Master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect is so powerful! Even with my hundred of years of cultivation I cannot withstand the pressure of his consciousness power. Chen Shaohua that little bastard, how can he provoke the Thunder and Lightning Sect, and cause such a big mess for the Greater One Sect!”

He Ju suddenly felt a burst of fear. Cold sweat soaked his body. However, he felt slightly fortunate.

What he was fortunate for is that the one who died on the platform today was his own disciple, Chen Shaohua, and not the Thunder and Lightning Sect’s successor.

Otherwise, if Tian Huang was dead, in a towering rage, the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect would most likely obliterate the Greater One Sect in an instant, and no one can escape death.

If Chen Shaohua was aware of his thoughts, then even in hell, it was likely that tears will not flow out even if he wanted to cry.

Just that at this time He Ju also no longer thought of his passed away disciple. When compared to the trouble before him, Chen Shaohua's death was not a matter that needed to be settled. Even if Chen Shaohua died one thousand times, as long as it could quell the anger of the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect, He Ju would even personally kill Chen Shaohua one thousand times.

Old Fish stood with hands clasped behind his back on a floating peak.

His face was calm, his pupils like a sea that contained the stars. It was like he had been through the changes of the world, tranquil and without the slightest might, yet enough to send chills down one's spine.

Under such a might and power, even his wretched triangular moustache had become something that contained a myriad of righteousness and justice.

“Haha, I want to ask, who wants to make things difficult for my apprentice?”

Old Fish said in an indifferent tone.

This voice was like an alarm bell rang in the ears of everyone present. It was clearly without any attacking intent, but anyone who heard this voice was agitated, like the voice of a Demon God shaking everyone’s heart.

At this moment, even though there was no yuan qi fluctuating around his body, like an ordinary person, the people present dared not underestimate the Thunder and Lightning Sect master anymore.

There was utter silence on the platform, and no one dared answer.

Old Fish repeatedly asked three times, but no one dared to look him in the eye.

The wind rustled and swept up a few leaves.

Leaves whirled in the air, then floated around the foot of Old Fish.

The crowd looked over in the direction of the Greater One Sect’s floating peak, and before the shock had gone from their eyes there was a gloating look filling their eyes.

“Today is a rare lively event. Greater One Sect who had been powerful all this time, has really struck something hard this day. Interesting, interesting!”

“Probably because Greater One Sect thought they had never heard of the Thunder and Lightning Sect and saw them as weak and easily bullied. They tried to oppress them through power, but unexpectedly provoked a living Buddha.”

“The Thunder and Lightning Sect's foundation is so deep, but they had never revealed their powers. After today they will become a mighty figure that no-one dares approach.”

The crowd broke into spirited conversation.

He Ju’s complexion was gloomy, feelings of panic and fear inside as he struggled to withstand the pressure of Old Fish’s consciousness.

After a brief while, the transcendent-being-like Greater One Spiritual Master finally reacted.

The other peak masters of Greater One Sect also closely followed behind the Greater One Spiritual Master, soaring high up and coming towards the direction of the small floating peak that Old Fish was situated on.

They did not dare to get too close.

Stopping at a distance of around 50 meters, their position was slightly lower than the top of the floating peak in order to show their respect.

Under countless gazes, Greater One Spiritual Master forced a calm face, and in a respectful manner, along with the other several big influential authorities of the Greater One Sect, bowed in the direction of Old Fish. “We did not know honoured sir will come and treated you with neglect, you are?”

Old Fish chuckled.

“Everyone tries peaceful means before resorting to force. The rule of Greater One Sect is peculiar, taking strong measures before courteous ones.” The eyes of Old Fish swept past the several authorities of Greater One Sect, everyone shuddering with fear at his glance. Then the smile on his face suddenly faded, instantly becoming hostile, “Honoured sir? Pah, what are you, how dare you use this word. Ignorant younger generation, even your master's master will have to respectfully bow and call me Elder.”

Greater One Spiritual Master was furious, but did not dare to show it in the slightest.

The more arrogant Old Fish was, the more fearful he was of him.

Thinking of the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect’s vast ocean-like consciousness power, it was indeed the most powerful he had seen before. As he hesitated, the rising imposing manner suddenly subsided and he no longer dared treat him with the slightest disrespect. He cupped one fist in the other and stooped down in the direction of Old Fish, performing the most respectful etiquette of a junior meeting an elder, and said in an extremely respectful tone, “Greater One Sect’s Patriarch Feng Wuhen pays respects to elder, I ask elder to calm your anger and please forgive us this time.”

This was considered as swallowing his pride.

In the past thousands of years, when had the master of Greater One Sect acted so humble.

Old Fish lightly snorted, and did not say a word.

Greater One Spiritual Master dared not treat him with disrespect, promptly said softly, “Elder, today it was unintentional that Greater One Sect offended elder. For elder to pay a visit to the Storm Platform is an honour of Greater One Sect. My disciple Chen Shaohua took advantage of the name of Greater One Sect to cause trouble. I was not aware of this, but I cannot escape the responsibility. If Elder cannot quell your anger, then please let Feng Wuhen bear the responsibly myself, Elder please spare Greater One Sect.”

He was directly pleading for forgiveness.

After all, having overseen Greater One Sect, an overlord-like sect of Clear River Domain for so many years, Greater One Spiritual Master’s scheming ability was really impressive. He knew that, the more he was humble and sincere, the better the final result would be. If he played tricks at this moment, it would only end up worsening the situation for him.

Greater One Spiritual Master's attitude had shocked the audience.

But after a more careful thought, it was only right.

After all, he was facing a suspected quasi-emperor-like existence.

The Nangong family, the Sky Demon Palace, and the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, the three major forces, upon seeing such a scene, also sighed inwardly.

Greater One Spiritual Master was a same level of martial arts overlord as them, but he had to stoop down like that, which means that if they were to face the Master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect, it would be the same for them.

The eyes of the Old Fish fell on the body of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

“Your people are so detestable, to want to kill my disciple?”

Greater One Spiritual Master felt a chill down his spine, then hurriedly cupped his hands submissively to explain, “Elder please calm down, today's matter, that Chen Shaohua is to blame. But my junior brother, because of the pain of suddenly losing his beloved disciple, his actions and words were too extreme. I hope elder can forgive him.”

When He Ju heard this sentence, he immediately understood, his face took on a mournful look and hurriedly came forward to bow and explain, “Elder please forgive me, I am fascinated with martial arts, and still haven’t gotten married or have a child. That Chen Shaohua is my adopted son. I brought him up from a child and treated him as my real son. Watching him die today, seeing my child die before me, was really painful and I almost made a huge mistake because of a moment of impulse. Chen Shaohua is like this because I failed to discipline him correctly, I am to blame, I am willing to be punished.”

He Ju cupped his hands submissively with sorrowful eyes and humbly apologized.

“Haha...” Old Fish sneered.

Time seemed to have gone still instantly, there was not the slightest of sound.

The eyes of the crowd were wandering between Old Fish and Greater One Spiritual Master.

Greater One Spiritual Master had been in charge Greater One Sect for hundreds of years, and Greater One Sect was the leader of the major forces of Clear River Domain. Therefore Greater One Spiritual Master was well respected.

For a long time, let alone snorting disdainfully at him, even if one spoke louder in front of him, one would have been killed.

In the past hundreds of years, those that can be treated as equal to the Greater One Spiritual Master were all martial arts overlord existences. Even the obstinate and unruly Nangong Jue, in the face of Greater One Spiritual Master, was also fearful of the powerful and solid Greater One Sect behind him. Moreover, the other average and ordinary sects had no choice but to flatter the Greater One Spiritual Master to get what they want.

The Thunder and Lightning Sect, which suddenly appeared in the eyes of the crowd, was unheard of.

But, who would have expected this unremarkable looking Thunder and Lightning Sect to be so powerful!

The consciousness power and yuan qi cultivation were complementary, if the Thunder and Lightning Sect was measured based on the consciousness power of the master, then this person's cultivation is unique and there would hardly be any opponents that could be compared to him!

The silent atmosphere made all people feel depression and their hearts pounded.

The pressure of the consciousness that filled the sky made everyone tremble even more.

Time slowly went by.

Old Fish did not speak.

The people of Greater One Sect were as though they were awaiting a trial.

After a long time, Greater One Spiritual Master felt his bent back had become a little stiff.

In his always still and calm black pupils, was a hint of fury.

A circle of invisible ripple formed at Greater One Spiritual Master’s side, his mysterious silver sleeve slightly vibrated, and he made a sweeping motion with his horsetail whisk in his left hand.

Like there was a breeze blowing, Greater One Spiritual Master’s silver hair was dancing with the wind

“It is aggravating, I am so humble, does this person really want to bury my Greater One Sect? Detestable, ever since I became the master of Greater One Sect, when was there ever anyone that dared to talk to me like this. Who is this person, his consciousness is so powerful that it makes people tremble in fear and unable to control themselves. When did Clear River Domain have such an expert, could it be that he comes from other domains?”

Countless thoughts flashed across Greater One Spiritual Master’s mind, but they were all well concealed.

This Storm Sword Duel gathering, Greater One Sect had been preparing for a long time, all aspects have been taken into account. He only needed to take this opportunity to establish Greater One Sect as the overlord of Clear River Domain.

Who would have thought that such a deity-like being would suddenly appear halfway, and his painstaking plan would be destroyed. Greater One Spiritual Master's heart was dripping blood.

At the same time, he vaguely sensed something strange.

“The Master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect possessed such powerful consciousness power but there is not a trace of yuan qi fluctuating around his body like an ordinary person... I cannot see through his cultivation, is he deliberately hiding his cultivation? Or is his cultivation level too far out of mine for me to see? “

Thinking of this, Greater One Spiritual Master could not help but lower his head even more and continue to plead.

“Greater One Sect had offended elder, really deserves to die. Does Elder have any request? As long as it can make elder forget about this matter, Greater One Sect will do our best to meet elder's request.” He tried to test the other's bottom line.

“Requests? Meet? Haha, who do you think I am? Do you think you can bribe me?” Old Fish narrowed his eyes.

“We don't dare, we don't dare,” Greater One Spiritual Master hurriedly said. “I said the wrong thing, what I meant is...”

Old Fish directly interrupted him, “ Your meaning, I understand, but what is my identity, will I make things difficult for a little sect like you... The chaos of the secular world has nothing to do with me, hehe, as long as some people do not take advantage of one's position to bully people or bully my disciple, then I just came to watch the lively event, I have no time to care about your hideous mess.”

Once Old Fish finished his speech, he withdrew his consciousness power.

He sat down slowly, no longer caring about the matter.

The earth-shattering consciousness power receded like a tidal wave.

All of a sudden, the clouds rolling across the sky gradually dispersed, resuming its previous calm state——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 547:


Chapter 567, Another Wave Rises

The crowd only felt that the storm-like consciousness power had suddenly dissipated. There was no longer the feeling of oppression.

If it was not because the fear and panic had yet dispersed in them. The scene just now, for many people, was simply a dream.

It really was unbelievable.

In this world, a quasi emperor-level expert still existed.

Great Hua Peak headmaster He Ju felt a sense of relief, like he had been reborn. His pale complexion gradually restored its previous bright colours.

Thinking of when he was frozen to the spot by the pressure of Old Fish’s consciousness power, it was as unbearable as falling into hell. Even now that Old Fish had withdrawn the consciousness power, the fear itself was still lingering and when he looked to Old Fish, his pupils flickered with unconcealable fear.

Greater One Spiritual Master saw that Old Fish withdrew his consciousness power and knew that he would no longer pursue He Ju about the matter.

“Junior has bad eyes, please forgive me for not looking after you well, and made elder rest at such a cramped floating peak, it really is a sin. Elder, please take a seat above.”

Greater One Spiritual Master looked apologetic, inviting Old Fish to ascend the Greater One Sect’s floating peak.

He was a martial arts overlord and also a formidable person; he can bow and submit, or can stand tall. This moment, he was trying to close the distance with Old Fish, if he can have a friendly relationship with a quasi-emperor-like person, then that would be a great thing for Greater One Sect. There would be nothing to lose and may even be benefits.

It is a pity that Old Fish didn’t buy it.

Old Fish raised a cup of clear tea, stirred the floating tea leaves on the surface with the lid, before giving a mischievous laughter and saying in an indifferent tone, “No need, you did not care about me, just treat it as I do not exist, I do not feel like accompanying you younger generation.”

Once Old Fish finished speaking, he no longer talked to anyone, savouring the taste of the clear tea.

Old Fish’s move seemed to be within Greater One Spiritual Master's expectation.

He once again bowed politely, before leading a group of Greater One Sect people away.

Everyone was well aware that the majority of the top masters in this world had strange personalities and their behaviour was different from ordinary people.

A peerless expert like the master of the Thunder and Lightning Sect naturally cannot be restrained using the etiquette of normal people.

On the Nangong family’s floating peak, Nangong Jue wore a solemn expression on his face, and was slightly hesitant as he said, “This person's ability is unfathomable, before investigating clearly do not offend him. Perhaps we should take the initiative to come forward to show goodwill.”

Facing a suspected quasi emperor, even someone like Nangong Jue was also a bit at a loss.

Nangong Jue looked at Old Fish who acted as though nobody else was present, and then looked over to the direction of the Sky Demon Palace.

The Sky Demon Palace master had a rare grave look in his peach blossom eyes, and as though he had sensed Nangong Jue’s gaze upon him, his eyes met with Nangong Jue’s.

The two people exchanged glances, aware of each other’s fear of Old Fish.

Almost at the same time, they looked over together in the direction of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect floating peak.

Just like them, even if the expression of the Master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was concealed under the mask, a strong fear was seen in his eyes.

The three people looked over at the apathetic look of Old Fish, exchanged glances and the master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect gently shook his head.

Nangong Jue understood Hua Wulei’s meaning, and dispelled the thought of starting a conversation with Old Fish.

“If I go over to express goodwill at this moment,I’m afraid I will be snubbed in front of everyone. It will be better to wait and watch for now. If necessary, I can send a younger disciple to make friends with the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect Tian Huang.” Nangong Jue considered carefully in his mind.

“Nangong family’s master junior Nangong Jue pays respect to elder!”

“The palace master of the Sky Demon Palace, junior Hua Wulei pays respect to elder!”

“The master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, junior Baili Chengfeng pays respect to elder!”

The three great experts finally reached a tacit understanding. Despite being separated by thousands of meters, they respectfully bowed to Old Fish.

Old Fish, like a monk, entered into a meditative state, and did not give any response.

Nangong Jue and the two others did not look discontent; the initial strong imposing manner had already quietly vanished.

When the three great experts bowed to Old Fish at the same time, there was no one below the Storm Platform that wasn’t shaken.

This scene can be written into the history records of Clear River Domain

When had the masters of overload-level sects simultaneously bowed to and paid respect to others? Such a scene had never been seen ever since the abdication of the Immortal Emperor Sect. Unexpectedly it had emerged today once again.

The action of Greater One Sect and the other three major forces was clear to the crowd below the Storm Platform; they were fearful of the speculated cultivation level of Old Fish.

In just a short moment, Old Fish had became the center of this Storm Sword Meeting.

The crowd looked at Old Fish with envy, worship, and fear.

On the platform.

Ye Qingyu kept silent.

At the moment when Old Fish released the consciousness power, he was just as astonished.

Ever since he rescued Old Fish from the bucket refined from Dragon Seizing Wood, Old fish had been bragging about how powerful he was. Although the strength of Old Fish was estimated to be very powerful, he did not expect Old Fish’s consciousness power to be this tremendous.

But Old Fish had said that he had sustained a Dao injury, so he was placed in the Dragon Seizing wooden bucket to recover.

His Dao injury had not healed. In other words, he should not possess a quasi-emperor-level power.

The power before, there was only consciousness and no yuan energy, could it be that he was pretending?

All of a sudden Ye Qingyu could not be sure.

“I planned to take advantage of the fortunate timing of Chen Shaohua’s death to cause chaos to the Storm Sword Duel gathering and then find the chance to save Xing’er, but Old Fish’s pretend power had upset my plan. However, this may be better, Greater One Sect is cautious in taking action, which means they would be much more restrained and I have to play it by ear now!”

Ye Qingyu thought carefully.

He put away the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Since he had won and no other people wanted to challenge him, Ye Qingyu also did not want to challenge others, so he jumped from the platform to the floating peak under countless envious gazes, and then slowly walked to sit next to Old Fish.

The gaze of the crowd hovered around the maser and disciples of the Thunder and Lightning Sect.

Everyone knew that, after today, the name of the Thunder and Lightning Sect would be well known throughout Clear River Domain, and it would become a new mighty force that no one dared to approach.

For the following long while, many people were still in shock.

The appearance of a quasi-emperor, what it meant, was hard to explain in a few words.

But it was not a good thing for the ambitious major forces.

On the platform.

After a long while, as the host, the elder of Greater One Sect Liu Xuezong, emerged from a stream of light, a solemn look on his face, as though nothing had happened. He declared in a clear voice, “This battle, Tian Huang of the Thunder and Lightning Sect wins!”

After a little pause, Liu Xuezong gathered qi in his dantian and continued in an imposing tone of voice, “The presence of the Elder of the Thunder and Lightning Sect is an honour of Clear River Domain. The sword duel proceeds, the challenges continue, is there someone to take the stage to challenge enemies?”

The voice fell.

For a long while, no one appeared to challenge anyone.

A lot of people seem to still be immersed in astonishment of the appearance of a quasi-emperor and were still in a trance.

Liu Xuezong also did not urge anyone, swept his gaze over the audience, when he suddenly saw something. He shifted his direction, a bright light shot out from his palm, and transformed into a stream of flowing light that darted over to where the White Lotus Immortal sword landed during the battle between Chen Shaohua and Ye Qingyu.

Everyone was too aghast with Old Fish’s power that a divine weapon like the White Lotus Immortal sword was forgotten after the death of Chen Shaohua and was inadvertently left on the Storm Platform. It was also only now that Liu Xuezong noticed the White Lotus Immortal sword, and promptly went over to take back the divine weapon.

Fluorescent light flashed, and the silver White Lotus Immortal sword sped towards the direction of Liu Xuezong.

Just then, a voice came——

“Wait.”

A fierce shout came like a clap of thunder in a finally calm sky.

The people who had yet recovered from the previous, successive occurrence, were startled once again. Before they found the source of the sound, they caught sight of a star-like white stream of light descending on the Storm Platform.

Silhouetted against the bright light was a tall and straight figure of a young man.

He was seen slowly stretching out his right hand.

A bizarre power spread from his hand.

The White Lotus Immortal sword that was already firmly gripped in Liu Xuezong’s hand seemed to have sensed something. It suddenly emitted a long cry.

Before waiting for Liu Xuezong to respond, the White Lotus Immortal sword swiftly erupted in bright light flames, rapidly vibrating, producing sword sounds that resembled the long cries of divine dragons of the ninth heaven. The sword hilt suddenly burst out an incomparable power, breaking free from the control of Liu Xuezong.

“What?”

Liu Xuezong exclaimed.

Swoosh!

The White Lotus Immortal sword, like a swallow returning to its nest, merrily rested on the young man’s palm.

The young man’s complexion did not change, his right hand clasping the Immortal sword in an extremely confident and natural posture, his left hand brushing the sword body in a gentle and delicate motion, as though caressing the skin of a lover.

“Old friend, long time no see.”

He said quietly.

This sentence was as it had injected new life force and spiritual power into the White Lotus Immortal sword, the sword body shook and vibrated, and a bright brilliance broke out, so dazzling to the degree that no one dared to stare at it directly.

Strange changes occurred within the White Lotus Immortal sword.

As though a spirit had awakened inside the slender sword, an unprecedented force gradually broke out of the sword body, presenting a silver-white colour, like a tangible object, scattering off. The sword body inch by inch became dazzling white. The white light all over the sword body was like a dragon wandering around, white lotus flowers blossoming, the specks of starlight between the halos flickering endlessly, like a dream.

The strange scene made everyone looked amazed.

The young man flicked his fingers.

The White Lotus Immortal sword responded by immediately producing a cheerful sword sound.

The sound was like a melodious tune resounding across an empty valley in the mountains, and like the cry of an immortal crane in the ninth heaven.

“Who is this young man, why would the White Lotus Immortal sword recognise him as master?”

“Yes, that day in the tea garden and today on the Storm Platform, I have never seen the White Lotus Immortal sword so excited.”

“The Immortal sword seems to be alive.”

“Could it be...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 548:


Chapter 567 (2), The successor of the White Lotus Sword Sect

“What the? It is the...”

As the crowd was exclaiming and discussing spiritedly, Ye Qingyu also took on a look of shock.

He knew the man who had taken the stage and the sword.

It was Liu Shaji.

The figure standing on the Storm Platform clasping the White Lotus Immortal sword in his hand was surprisingly the one who was always with him, Hu Bugui, Nan Tieyi and Old Fish, the unrestrained youngster who he hangs around with, Liu Shaji.

The Liu Shaji at this time, standing on the Storm Platform with his thick, messy hair fluttering about in the absence of wind, his clothes flapping in the long wind, looked like a war god exhibiting a fierce imposing manner.

“What’s going on with brother Liu?”

Ye Qingyu twisted his head around to look at Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi.

These two people at this time also had an expression of surprise and puzzlement. As they exchanged glances with Ye Qingyu, they gently shook their heads, indicating that they also did not expect such a thing to happen.

Only Old Fish was holding a cup, leisurely and contently drinking tea, a carefree look on his face as though he had no interest in the matters of the outside world.

“Could it be...”

An epiphany flashed across Ye Qingyu's mind.

In his days with Liu Shaji, the impression he got from him was that he was a scholarly, hidden master with a hint of unruliness.

On the surface, although he looked like a wanderer who does not belong to any sect, but there are no martial artists that do not bear a burden.

Ye Qingyu occasionally noticed the troubled and absent-minded look on his face, though he did not question further.

The day at the foot of the mountain when they began drinking and became friends due to similar thoughts and opinions, to the tea garden party when he ignored the other forces and sects and chose to stand beside him…

Every little aspect that happened these days with Liu Shaji, like a revolving lantern, rotated around Ye Qingyu's mind.

Although it was only a few days, but he had already made his judgement about Liu Shaji.

……

On the platform.

The White Lotus Immortal sword was still erupting with a vibrant aura and light flames.

And clasping the Immortal sword, Liu Shaji wore a somewhat strange expression on his face.

The blast that erupted and spread from the Immortal sword billowed and fluttered Liu Shaji’s robe. The silver threaded white lotus embroidered on his robe was swaying gently in the wind, like white lotus flowers dancing on the riverside at the first glimmer of dawn.

Liu Shaji’s expression was sorrowful, his sword-like brows slightly knitted together.

He lowered his head slightly, looking intently at the White Lotus Immortal sword in his hand.

“Old fellow, have you been waiting for this day for a long time?”

The interweaving emotions that spread out from his eyes were like vines, wrapping the White Lotus Immortal sword in layer upon layer. As if in a flash, he could see into the heart of the White Lotus Immortal sword.

Soon his eyes became somewhat empty, expression frozen, as if he had forgotten everything around him, sinking into memories of long ago.

For a while, the clouds flowed high and low, gentle wind murmuring in his ears, and in the distance the spiritual beasts and crane spirits were exchanging cries. Seemingly everything had separated from their time and space.

Suddenly as though he thought of something happy, an uncontrollable smile curved the corners of his mouth

What good memories was it that made him reveal such a cheerful smiling expression as he stood on the Storm Platform where battles of life and death took place.

The next moment, this smile was instantly turned into an insuppressible mournful expression.

The originally smiling and peaceful looking Liu Shaji suddenly looked sorrowful, as if he had recalled some earthshaking accident. His eyes and his forehead were full of sadness and tragicness.

“You are...”

Opposite, Liu Xuezong’s complexion finally calmed down, opening his mouth to ask.

But these two words were instead like a stone dropped at the door of a cave. Even if it only made a slight sound, it seemed like it had awakened a sleeping sword-tooth giant tiger. Liu Shaji's body slightly shook and then all the expressions disappeared from his face, slowly lifting his head.

When his head was completely lifted, his eyes suddenly turned into a flashing crimson light, and yuan qi and killing intent soared like raging flames.

At this moment he was like a dark messenger who had come out of Asura hell.

Opposite.

Liu Xuezong was slightly taken aback for a moment, a hint of surprise flashed across his eyes.

The young man before him was not weak at all, since he was able to snatch away the White Lotus Immortal sword from his hands and can unleash such a strong and bloody aura. His strength was absolutely no less than any of the successors of the Greater One Sect's eight peaks, but why was it that, in the list of outstanding new talents of Clear River Domain, there was no information on him?

Who the hell was he?

What relationship does he have with the White Lotus Immortal sword?

What is his motive of standing on the Storm Pat this time?

Liu Xuezong suddenly thought of something, his complexion eased a little.

Looking at the White Lotus Immortal sword opposite, and then lifting his head to look at the youngster, Liu Xuezong slowly began to speak, “You mounted the Storm Platform, is there something you want to challenge? Why don't you return the White Lotus Immortal sword to Greater One Sect, before challenging your enemy.”

In his words, there was an imposing aura that one was unable to refuse.

But——

“Your immortal sword?”

Liu Shaji's furious face instantly emerged with an unstoppable, strange ridiculing look.

“Hahahaha, your Immortal sword?”

He seemed to have heard the best joke in the world. All of a sudden he could not hold back and bursted into laughter.

Deep and resounding laughter stirred the yuan qi. Sound waves, like cymbals striking one another, echoed across the Storm Platform

The solid boundary walls of the Storm Platform, because of this laughter, became like raging waves in a storm. It was too late to absorb the yuan qi that was being endlessly and violently released, leading to a lot of abnormal distortion and irregular changes to the boundary walls.

Similar to a solid blast, there were waves rippling back and forth.

In mid-air, the clouds and wind were all of a sudden changing. The layers of clouds that were constantly dispersing, were accumulating until bolts of thunder and lightning stretched out from the clouds.

For a moment, strange scenes were frequently happening across the sky.

This voice was like the wrath of a demon god, stirring the heavens and the earth, and containing a terrifying power that the relatively low-level martial artists around the Storm Platform looked as though were being crushed by a mountain, already frozen to the spot, dazed, face ghostly pale and aghast. While some of the headmasters and Immortal Step boundary experts could similarly feel the force, their expression was frozen, with puzzlement and horror in their eyes.

……

In the distance.

“Another interesting young man.”

The Sky Demon Palace master stared at the changes of the Storm Platform, a deep and ruminative expression in his eyes.

Nangong Jue looked thoughtfully at the Storm Platform where the youngster with the berserk qi stood and the White Lotus Immoral sword in his hand, and then as though he suddenly remembered something, his eyes lit up and looked to the Storm Platform again.

On the floating peak of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

Wearing a strange smiling mask, a hint of admiration flashed across the eyes of the master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

“Master, this man is not simple.”

Wearing a mask with an extremely serious expression, the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect opened his mouth and spoke.

On the Heaven Desire Demon Sect's floating peak.

The several leading young experts had developed a strong interest in Liu Shaji and Ye Qingyu, but the expression showing in their eyes was not the interest to make friends but an undisguised desire. Given the style of action of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect all along, then it was likely that the top experts that showed their strength in public today, after the Storm Sword Meeting, will become the ‘prey’ of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

On the Greater One Sect’s floating peak, the Greater One Spiritual Master and the several other headmasters were still sitting on the lotus seats as before. Their eyes seemed to reveal that they had remembered something, there was no longer the calm and collected expressions of before.

……

On the Storm Platform.

Liu Xuezong's complexion had slightly changed, and a sullen look flashed to his eyes.

Liu Shaji first snatched his sword, and then burst into mocking laughter. These were all enough to spark killing intent from Liu Xuezong.

“Who the hell are you? How dare you cause trouble on the Storm Platform?”

As one of the headmasters of the eight peaks of Greater One Sect, Liu Xuezong bellowed, yuan qi surging and his voice sounded like a sky demon burning a city, stirring in between heaven and earth and immediately interrupted Liu Shaji's laughter.

As the host of the present Storm Sword Duel gathering, his dignity and the majestic presence must not be profane. With a piercing glare, as he was speaking, between his palms there were already ice flames flickering, icy coldness spreading, as though he was about to attack.

Opposite.

Liu Shaji's laughter suddenly faded.

On his unrestrained face was another condescending sneer.

“Just now, didn’t you ask who I want to challenge?”

Liu Shaji gave a strange smile, drawing a horizontal white lotus light in the air with the White Lotus Immortal sword.

The point of the sword directly pointed at Liu Xuezong opposite of him.

“Listen carefully. The person I challenge is you.”

He said each word loud and clear.

The person I challenge is you!

These six words were like boulders falling from the mountains, smashing the surroundings of the Storm Platform.

The people on the large floating peaks were shaking like a huge bell.

After a strange silence and stillness, suddenly like boiling water or a pan of hot oil, a clamour broke out.

“What? Did I hear it wrong?”

“He unexpectedly... dares challenge the headmaster of the Snow Lotus Peak?”

“Is this man out of his mind?”

“Yes, even if his strength is extraordinary, but after all the age difference is there, to challenge the Snow Lotus Peak Master, a Immortal Step expert, I think he is overestimating himself.”

“Ever since he mounted the stage, he has been half crazy and half insane, talking nonsense, perhaps he had mistakenly entered the demonic way...”

On the Storm Platform.

Liu Xuezong, upon hearing these words, was slightly surprised for a moment, then anger took over as he disdainfully asked, “Challenge me, who are you?”

Liu Shaji coldly snorted, a taunting expression on his face: “What? Are you afraid to accept my challenge?”

“Although the tradition of the Storm Platform has always been that anyone that mounts the stage can challenge anyone, but if anyone comes to challenge me, then I will be too busy.” The look of disdain on Liu Xuezong’s face was more obvious. He dusted his robe with his left finger, and his piercing gaze like two ice arrows shot at Liu Shaji. “Moreover, to rashly challenge an Immortal Step expert on the Storm Platform, you have to pay the price, why do you challenge me, you have to give the people an explanation, right?”

With that, he slightly lifted his head, gently drawing across the void with his hand, seemingly inadvertently looking at the people around.

Liu Xuezong was the headmaster of a peak.

With just a few casual words, he easily brought the crowd to his side.

These words immediately drew support from some of the little sects.

“Exactly, you should give an explanation to the other sects.”

“Yes, or you should tactfully hand over the White Lotus Immortal sword and get down the platform.”

“Exactly, give the White Lotus Immortal sword back to Greater One Sect and beg for mercy. Perhaps headmaster Liu will spare your life.”

There was an uproar.

Liu Shaji did not even glimpse at the people around. The raging red light in his eyes had not diminished in the slightest, and as though he had come out from a blazing fire, a warrior that rose from the ashes, he said each word loudly, “You want to find out my background by tactful indirect questioning? Oh, I could tell you, open up your eyes and look clearly at who I really am.”

Before his voice faded.

Liu Shaji slightly raised his wrist.

Buzzing.

The White Lotus Immortal sword was slightly vibrating.

Nine beams of cold light bloomed out of the void.

It was an illusion created from the sword tip piercing the air at a tremendous speed.

He was reciting a mysterious and obscure formation incantation.

These nine cold stars continued for a long while and then combined together. Upon a closer look, it was a blossoming piercing cold white lotus flower flame.

“The White Lotus colour is bright and clear, the silver sword tip is not old, destroying devil and the evil, one sword strike beheading a group of demons.” Liu Shaji had a solemn look on his face, reciting a short poem in a clear voice, the sword held horizontally across his chest, as he asked loudly, “White Lotus Sword Sect’s descendant Liu Shaji, am I qualified to challenge you? ”——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

