Chapter 153:


Chapter 154 – [White Horse Battle Armour]

The instant the sound waves sounded—

Ding!

The ice spear had already nailed a live boar bat onto the metal plates.

At the same time, not giving time for the other boar bats to resist, another ice spear successfully solidified in Ye Qingyu’s hands.

He shouted loudly, the long spear stabbing out continuously.

The [Fierce Dragon Pierce] of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King].

There was the faint pulse of dragon roars and a strange pressure was released. The originally madly violent boar bats unexpectedly screeched, their voice crammed with fear.

The formidable power of the chain techniques broke out.

Ye Qingyu transformed into a bolt of lightning, his figure like an avalanche. He headed towards the four or five [Snow Ground Boar Bats] on the metal plate, charging at them.

Boom!

Ye Qingyu, using his own flesh and blood body, directly struck a four-meter-tall boar bat head on.

The Demon Race typically had strong and tough close combat attributes, and the boar bats were not an exception. Their wings were made from skeleton and skin, comparable to steel, and their body was also like cast iron. They enjoying a toughness that was blessed by heavens.

If an expert of the same level did not have a sharp weapon, it was very difficult for them to break past the natural defenses of the boar bats. But the skeleton of this huge boar bat, after being struck by Ye Qingyu’s body, was like porcelain meeting a metal hammer. Instantly, bones cracked and shattered, and the skeleton on its wings had nearly completely broken apart!

“Aoo…”

This boar bat let out a tragic howl.

The massive figure was struck sailing backwards, like a thrown steel ball. It madly and fiercely struck two of its comrades.

The scene was far too violent. Fresh blood flew everything, and accompanying the tragic howls, three boar bats were sent flying on the armour plates. Their massive and broken bodies flew through the air and rapidly descended down to the ground below.

Because their wings had been crushed and broken, they had no way of flying anymore. They were only able to fall to their deaths.

The power of that one strike was as fierce as a lion.

The soldiers that were originally fighting with others boar bats were dumbfounded as they witnessed this scene.

Just what was this type of power?

The body of patrolling envoy Ye, could it be cast from iron?

To unexpectedly use his body to slam directly at the demonic beasts. For other human experts, such a method of doing battle had no difference from committing suicide. It was common knowledge that the body of demons were much more tough and hardy than humans… but despite this, patrolling envoy Ye was able to win, and that boar bat, his body was crushed and his bones were shattered like porcelain!

Berserk!

Tyrannical!

Barbaric!

Direct!

This was a violent battle method that completely shook someone’s nerves.

Every soldier felt the fire in their hearts being lit by this strike.

“Good!”

“Superior is powerful!”

“Superior Ye is too amazing!”

There were several soldiers that immediately began shouting in triumph. Their gazes were filled with acceptance and respect when they looked at Ye Qingyu.

On the battlefield, only true power, bravery, and accomplishments could obtain the true admiration of others.

Previously, Ye Qingyu had remained silent for the majority of the time on the airship. He had taken no action at all. The impressions of the soldiers regarding Ye Qingyu was that he was only ‘a youth that accomplished the position of patrolling sword envoy’, this tag. It was only because of his military position that they showed respect on the surface for him. But at this moment, everyone instantly understood the true power of patrolling envoy Ye.

This time, by acting out, Ye Qingyu had given a great morale boost.

“Brothers, let act and fight together!”

Ye Qingyu laughed uproariously. Reaching through the air, he summoned the [Little Shang sword]. Like a mighty lion or a fierce tiger, his aura exploded. Taking large strides towards the fourth [Snow Ground Boar Bat], the blade of the sword flickered with a golden light. [Soul Stealing Strike] of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General] was about to erupt after accumulating energy.

“We are willing to fight shoulder to shoulder with patrolling envoy Ye!”

“Kill them!”

The soldiers also became excited, roaring in rage as they did battle, the morale having risen greatly.

“Ao!”

The fourth [Snow Ground Boar Bat’s] body was even larger than the others. It was nearly the size of a boar bat king. Screeching loudly, it struck a soldier flying, and then turned its head, charging towards Ye Qingyu.

The Demon Race also had intelligence. For a Demon Race like the [Snow Ground Boar Bat], by seeing with their own eyes three of their comrades being killed, they instantly knew that this human was not someone they should provoke. But this boar bat still maintained the stance that its demonic power was stronger than this human. It deciding to fight directly against and finish off this somewhat troublesome human.

Ye Qingyu welcomed him without the slightest of fear.

“[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]!”

The killing technique instantly emitted.

Everyone only felt their visions blurring. Then Ye Qingyu’s sword move was already upon the wing of the [Snow Ground Boar Bat].

A slicing sound.

A large half of the skeleton wing was cut apart.

On the wound there was a layer of frost that appeared. It sealed off the sword wound. Before the demonic blood could spurt out, it was instantly frozen.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

After his initial strike proved effective, Ye Qingyu did not hesitate in the slightest. The [Four Moves of the Unmatched General] once again exploded.

The [Storm of Swords] that spread out through the skies swept everywhere.

Within this [Storm of Swords], there was also frost and snow qi contained within. Ye Qingyu’s attribute of cold inner yuan also displayed a frightening killing power at this instant. The [Snow Ground Boar Bats’] reactions and movements had evidently been affected by the cold and snow, their movements off by half a beat. In this instant, it was unknown just how many times they had been struck, one after another of white frost wounds constantly appearing…

The figures intersected.

Ye Qingyu appeared behind the boar bat, stowing his sword and standing.

The huge boar bat had already stopped struggling at this moment. The tight and clustered sword wounds had been completely frozen by ice all around his body. Everywhere on his body, there was a thin ice layer, looking incomparable tragic… It could even be said, that his massive body was frozen in ice.

Ye Qingyu turned around, kicking out.

Boom!

This huge boar bat was directly sent flying away from the armoured plates.

Another one had been taken care of.

On the armoured plates, there were only the last two boar bats left.

Even if its nature was fierce and tough, but after seeing its comrades consecutively slaughtered like chopping up vegetables, these two boar bats also sensed that things were not going well. They did not dare stay on the metal plates anymore. Flapping their wings, they escaped towards the air.

“You want to escape?”

Ye Qingyu loudly roared. Activating the [White Horse Battle Armour], the pegasus wings behind his back spread out.

His figure moved, turning into a ray of light that chased after and killed the two [Snow Ground Boar Bats] in the air.

“Patrolling envoy Ye, quickly return,” Liu Zongyuan shouted loudly.

Ye Qingyu observed the flying speed of the [Snow Ground Boar Bat]. He had already thought things through in his heart. The pegasus wings were extremely nimble and comfortable, his entire body floating through the air. Replying, “Officer Liu, bring the ship and leave first. I’ll stay here to block them for a moment. As long as we extend the distance, we will be safe. At this time, we must not fight a drawn out battle.”

“No, this is far too dangerous,” Liu Zongyuan said in a panic.

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly. “Don’t worry, I have my plans.””

As he said this, he turned around and flew to meet the flock of [Snow Ground Boar Bats].

Liu Zongyuan was in a panic. He ordered the soldiers under his command to activate the full power of the formation airship and charge forward. Like a bolt of lightning that swept across space, he himself flew through the air. Behind his back, a pair of black wings extended, seeming to be the same as the [White Horse Battle Armour]. It was also a cast metal item formation, extremely nimble and agile. In an instant he came beside Ye Qingyu saying, “I’ll delay them along with you. But we must not fight an extended battle. Once we are entangled for long with these beasts, then we will be in danger.”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

As they spoke, Liu Zongyuan had taken out the blade sheath at his waist, inserting it onto the hilt of his blade.

A curved blade instantly turned into a long executioners blade.

“Kill!”

He struck through air using his blade.

A huge blade with pale golden sword light struck out.

In the air, there was instantly a sharp killing qi.

The three or four [Snow Ground Boar Bats] at the very front were instantly crushed into pieces, black-coloured blood flying everywhere.

“So Liu Zongyuan’s [Spirit Raise] belongs to the metal attribute. Of the five elements, metal is the one with the strongest killing aura and also the attribute with the greatest offensive power. Those who cultivated in metal inner yuan specializes in killing strikes and baleful aura. Liu Zongyuan came from the army, and he is similar to the large majority of soldiers. He likes the attribute with the greatest offensive power…”

Ye Qingyu evaluated in his heart.

He controlled the [White Horse Battle Armour], his entire body fluctuating with white light. As the White Horse wings shuddered, his entire person transformed into a ray of light, shooting through the large pack of [Snow Ground Boar Bats]. The [Little Shang sword] exploded with sharp slice after sharp slice, constantly killing.

With the [White Horse Battle Armour], the amount of inner yuan expended flying through the air was so little that it did not even have to be considered. Ye Qingyu’s will to battle shot through the roof. He had an unprecedented carefree and unrestrained feeling.

This type of refinement and training through battle not only had a great beneficial effect on Ye Qingyu’s true battle power, but even for the control of the [White Horse Battle Armour]. He became more and more familiar with it. The flow of inner yuan in the formation of the battle armour became faster and faster, smoother and smoother. The brightness emitted from the armour also became hotter, as if Ye Qingyu was a great battle god of the sun.

“An extremely powerful battle armour. These White Horse wings, not only can it be used to fly, it can also be used as a weapon to slice apart the enemy.”

Ye Qingyu continued to fly like lightning, his wings like blades. He cut the two [Snow Ground Boar Bats] beside him into four pieces.

“Eh? The helmet of the armour seems like it has some sort of secret.” Ye Qingyu discovered by accident that within the white helmet, there was another hidden formation.

After inserting his inner yuan into the helmet, the originally white helmet began to shake and a pale silver-like liquid began seeping out. It covered Ye Qingyu’s face, but completely did not block his vision or his senses of the external world. It could even strengthen Ye Qingyu’s vision, raising his reaction speed and sensitivity. This was an extremely peculiar sensation. Ye Qingyu discovered, that after the change in the helmet occurred, he could ‘see’ even more clearly.

Was this the true secret of the [White Horse Battle Armour]?

Ye Qingyu was both shocked and overjoyed.

No wonder this armour was the historical armour of all the masters of [White Horse tower].

After he discovered the secret of the White Horse helmet, Ye Qingyu became more and more like a fish in water.

On the other side, Liu Zongyuan’s strike was extremely vicious. Every blade that he struck with, there would be [Snow Ground Boar Bats] shattering.

Liu Zongyuan’s blade techniques had an extremely heavy killing aura and an unrelenting baleful momentum.

After battling for eight minutes, they had at least killed two hundred or more of the [Snow Ground Boar Bats]. Even the boar bat king within this group was heavily injured by Liu Zongyuan. The momentum of this flying Demon Race battalion was very seriously injured. They were not as mad as it was previously. There were signs of chaos, and they showed signs of fleeing…

“Let’s go!”

Liu Zongyuan turned around, heading and chasing towards the direction in which the formation airship disappeared.

Ye Qingyu followed behind him.

For two people to completely kill off this battalion of [Snow Ground Boar Bats] was something that could not be done. They only needed to delay them for a bit, to give a bit of time to the formation airship for it to quickly depart.

After a short while.

The two once again returned to the formation airship.

Tallying the numbers. four soldiers of the vanguard had died in battle and twenty had been injured after the battle. The losses of an acceptable range.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 154:


Chapter 155 – Demon Race Battleship

After temporarily breaking away from the entanglement of the [Snow Ground Boar Bats], the formation airship used the quickest speed to flee through the skies, like an arrow leaving the bow.

The countenance of everyone on the metal plates was extremely grave.

Everyone was clear in their hearts that once they were discovered by the Demon Race, this represented the descent of a huge disaster.

A battalion of [Snow Ground Boar Bats] was not frightening. If they faced them directly, within just approximately two hours, they could completely annihilate them. But after the route of the formation airship was exposed, what faced them was the mad hunt and encirclement of the Demon Race. There would be other battalions of Demon Races coming to kill them at any time. The numbers were so many that they could not kill them all, and they had nowhere at all to hide. Even if there was a Bitter Sea stage expert here to oversee things, they would be completely exhausted down to their death by the countless Demon Races.

Right now, the only way out was to leave the controlled territory of the Snow Ground Demon Court using the quickest speed before the experts and the other flying battalions of the Demon Race could react.

The speed of the formation airship was extremely rapid.

But in the heart of Liu Zongyuan and Ye Qingyu, they were not calm at all.

The Demon Race was born and raised in such a harsh environment. They had a hunting and tracking power that humans could hardly imagine.

Right now they could only hope that the [Snow Ground Boar Bats] would not be able to pass on the knowledge of their existence at the first instance. They could only hope this would be so since the Demon Race on the Explosive Snow Glacier had completely fallen into chaos.

“Use full power to run the airship. Prepare to use the Origin crystal and the second flying formation…”

Liu Zongyuan settled down and order after order was passed down from his mouth.

At this time, the existence of an experienced commander demonstrated its importance.

The speed of the airship increased by a considerable amount.

Accompanied by the sharp whistle of air breaking apart, the formation airship broke a huge rough fissure through the roiling sea of clouds like a streak of lightning. It was as if the skies had been sliced apart.

At this time, they could not care about such an unrestrained mad increase in speed and whether this would or would not alert the Demon Race.

Whether they had a chance to live all depended on the fraction of a second.

If they were able to rush out of the Explosive Snow Glacier and leave the Demon Race territory before the [Snow Ground Boar Bats’] battalion could convey the information of their presence to the higher ups of the Demon Race, then everyone on the ship could live on. If not, their chances of living on was thin.

Fast!

Faster!

Even Faster!

The faster they were, the greater their chance of living.

On the airship cabin, the formation master was already sweating. He used all his strength to control the center of the flying formation.

On the metal plates, the soldiers’ faces were grave. They stood still and quiet in formation, blades and spears unsheathed, prepared to meet battle at any moment.

The [Painting Saint] and the student Xing’er stood at the cabin door. Their expressions were also abnormally grave.

Big Head lay on Ye Qingyu’s shoulders, his nose occasionally sniffing at the White Horse helmet. He seemed to be extremely interested in the White Horse helmet, and would occasionally extend his pink tongue and give it a little lick, leaving saliva on it. Ye Qingyu could only grab the neck of this glutton, and forcefully stuffed him back into his chest…

Ye Qingyu carefully observed the reaction of this silly dog.

Through his previous experience, this glutton should possess an extremely strong sensing ability. His ability exceeded the investigative power of the formation on the airship as well as the senses of an expert like Liu Zongyuan. He was able to discover in advance the traces of the battalions of the Demon Race.

Very quickly, fifteen minutes passed by.

Everything seemed to be calm on the surface.

“Another fifteen minutes of time and we will have neared the Snow Dragon Den.” On the face of Liu Zongyuan, a trace of relaxation was seen. “Out of the many battle divisions of the Demon Race, the Snow Dragon is the one with the strongest territorial nature. It will absolutely not allow the other battalions of the Demon Race to enter into their territory— especially within their den. And the Snow Dragon cannot fly, so it has no way of posing any sort of threat to us. This is our great chance. As long as we pass through the Snow Dragon Den and increase the speed of the formation airship, using our full power to travel, we can escape. After another fifteen minutes pass this place, we can enter the territory where both parties are exchanging blows, and there we can find reinforcements!”

The words that he spoke were very loud.

The contents of his speech clearly travelled to the ears of everyone.

The originally somewhat nervous soldiers let out a breath. Their original expressions of despair turned to hopeful expressions, light in their eyes.

As long as they had hope, the Human Race could explode with a shocking power at any moment, withstanding the situation.

[Painting Saint] Mister Liu let out a faint smile. He followed along and said, “Through some emergency channels, I have also sent the request of aid out. As long as we withstand another hour, we can receive the support of the great [Army of Youyan Pass]. At that time, even if the elites of the [Southern Incline Legion] arrive here, we will be safe and unharmed.”

As this news came, the morale of the soldiers was even higher.

The original anxiousness and unrest was completely swept away.

That’s right, this time the mission was exceeding important. Mister Liu had created tens of maps of the Explosive Snow Glacier and the territory of the Snow Ground Demon Court. This could be counted as wealth for the entire army, even the empire. It must be believed that if the formation airship were to encounter danger, Youyan Pass would absolutely not abandon them. Once they received this news, they would definitely send out top class experts as reinforcements for them.

Ye Qingyu looked at Liu Zongyuan and Mister Liu.

Without knowing why, even though the contents of the words of these people seemed to boost morale, but Ye Qingyu faintly felt that these were just comforting words said to lift their spirits.

After another ten breaths had passed by—

“Wuwu…”

Big Head stood up again, climbing to Ye Qingyu’s shoulder. His throat emitted with a low growl, deadly staring in front of him.

Ye Qingyu heart thudded.

They had come again.

“Prepare to battle!”

This time, there was not a need for Ye Qingyu’s warning. Liu Zongyuan immediately reacted.

Before his sound had finished—

The clouds completely dispersed.

In front of them there was a black ‘current’, like the tide of death that completely covered the skies as they approached.

What also appeared at the same time was a flood-like clamour of the caws of crows.

As if death had arrived, there were countless crows cawing. The noise emitted was extremely frantic and sharp, countless of them mixed together. The sensation it gave off was as if there were sound waves hitting and rebounding off each other, creating some sort of chaotic and fatal frequency. The soldiers on the metal plates, in an instant had the sensation that countless little daggers and swords were stabbing into their ears. Their entire heart became hot tempered, making them want to murder the people standing next to them…

“It’s the [Black Crows of Misfortune]. Everyone activate your inner yuan and close off your hearing,” Liu Zongyuan loudly shouted.

Ye Qingyu, in the first instant, activated the [White Horse Battle Armour].

White light completely covered his body. At the same time, there was a hidden metal formation activating in the white helmet. There was still the silver liquid that instantly became a silver-coloured face plate, protecting his face and facial features.

This liquid face plate completely blocked away the boundless and endless, chaotic and disturbing, caws of the crows. At the same time, it also heightened Ye Qingyu’s sense and extended his range of detection.

Everything around him, in his vision, became clearer. Within several hundred meters, he could even see a thread.

In Ye Qingyu’s mind, he recalled the introduction about the [Black Crows of Misfortune] that he had read on a scroll before.

This was one of the most peculiar divisions of the great flying divisions in the Snow Ground Demon Court.

This was a black-coloured flying division of the Snow Ground Demon Court. Their intelligence and strength was low, the large majority of black crows could not even count as demon warriors and were only demon soldiers. Their intelligence was much lower than the other Demon Races at the same stage. They travelled in flocks and relied on their countless and boundless numbers to destroy their opponents. They were extremely insensitive to death, and had no fear of death whatsoever. In many battles, even if the black crow flying division had died to the last bird, they would not retreat and continue charging. Some people said this was bravery, some people called this stupidity…

This was a race in the Snow Ground Demon Court that reproduced at a terrifying rate.

As if it would never ever completely die.

Very evidently, the division of [Black Crows of Misfortune] appearing in front of them was not to kill the people on the formation airship.

This was done to delay the airship.

This was an extremely bad sign.

Because it represented that the previous [Snow Ground Boar Bats] had already passed on the news of the formation airship. And after receiving such news, there was a high up decision maker of the Demon Race nearby who had very quickly produced a strategy. They had sent out a division that was best at delaying, using the black crow battle division to tarry the progress of the formation airship. And for the coming operation of the Demon Race, win the greatest amount of time.

The worst situation had appeared.

“Charge past!”

Liu Zongyuan roared as he bit his teeth and screamed.

Twenty metal formation yuan qi cannons, at the same moment spat out the cannon fire.

The shooting star breaking armour arrows were like rain, shooting at the black swathe of black crows that they could not see the end of at all.

Battle exploded in an instant.

Ye Qingyu activated the [White Horse Battle Armour] transforming into a streak of light, directly entering into the black-coloured tide.

The White Horse wings were like blades of death. Instantly, it sliced apart space and air. It was unknown just how many huge black crows it slaughtered. The lights of the [Little Shang sword] was like a sickle harvesting wheat, reaping the life of the black crows. This life form with a wingspan of around two meters long, a black beak like iron, and with talons like blades could hardly pose as any sort of threat to Ye Qingyu.…

Big Head with a shocking stableness, tightly clenched onto Ye Qingyu’s shoulder.

No matter how fast Ye Qingyu sped through the air or changed his direction, it seemed not to affect Big Head in the slightest.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu had no trace of fear.

With the [White Horse Battle Armour] protecting him, he was like a sharp drill, from beginning to end in front of the formation airship. Without reserving any of his strength, using his strongest power, he fought against the current in the black tides of crows, forcibly breaking apart a passageway for the formation airship!

The black crows fell like dumplings from the skies, dying.

The scarlet red demon blood completely covered the air.

It was unknown just how much demonic blood covered the White Horse wings.

Even Ye Qingyu himself did not realize that in the hidden formations of the White Horse wings it was as if it were absorbing the blood. The silver-coloured wings of the [White Horse Battle Armour] began absorbing more and more of the limitless demonic blood. The White Horse wings became increasingly snowy white. The originally somewhat damaged portions was right now slowly recovering and repairing.

Finally—

Su!

The vision in front of their eyes brightened.

Ye Qingyu had finally rushed out from the flock of crows.

And what followed after was the formation airship.

the current of black crows were left far far behind them.

But everyone did not have time to breathe air to recover, when another Demon Race battalion appeared in front of them.

This time, it was not a natural flying battle division.

It was two massive Snow Ground Demon Court [JR1] battleships.

Because the territory of the Snow Ground Demon Court was extremely poor in terms of natural resources and materials, the Demon Race could not be like the humans and construct airships through raw materials. They used the sea of consciousness of great demons after they had died. The majority of airships of the Demon Race used the skeleton and corpses of great demons as its main components. Through a special demon formation enhancement process after, they had the power of flight and battle. The Demon Race airships in front of them were the corpses of two huge eagles. The silver-coloured wings were about a hundred meters in length, with a width of thirty meters. From far away, it was like it was alive. as if two living snow ground huge eagles were there. It gave off an incomparable visual shock.

If not for the appearance of a huge tower and bannisters on the back of the huge eagles, as well as sails and cables and the numerous demon soldiers, perhaps Ye Qingyu would really have thought that they had encountered two terrifyingly huge snow ground eagles.

Very evidently, the two huge snow ground eagles were at least the class of demon commander when they were alive. When they perished, their body did not rot away and their muscles and bone were as hard as steel. It was the perfect material to construct a battle fort. This was used to great effect, to construct a battleship.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 155:


Chapter 156 – Bizarre Matter

For humans, the corpses of experts were something that they regarded as sacred. Normally, they would inter it deeply into the ground, or perhaps use some other methods to preserve them appropriately. This type of method where corpses were refined down into other objects or materials was regarded as something extremely malicious. It was not allowed by human society and was something that everyone despised.

But for the Snow Ground Demon Court, everything was the complete reverse.

Using the corpses of elders who had passed away to create weapons and battleships was a method of showing respect to their elders.

Even great demons themselves hoped that after perishing, their corpses would be of use to the Demon Race and contribute to the their survival.

From ancient times to now, the Demon Race had always thought they were the lifeforms that inherited the will of the world. After death, their soul would be in the heavens, brightening the nine heavens. And their corpse would return to the earth, transforming into mountains and rivers as well as the mineral resources of the earth. On some perspective, being refined to weapons or battleships, was also a type of returning to the great earth. It was even more beneficial for their race. Contributing even after their death was an incomparable glory for them.

It seems like these huge eagle battleships had an extremely high specification. It could absolutely be counted as one of the top class divisions of the [Southern Incline Legion] of the Demon Race.

The instant they saw the two huge eagle battleships appear, the colour of Liu Zongyuan’s face completely changed.

The main battle power of the Demon Race, would really appear here?

Could it be that the Demon Race had already set up precautions and defenses in front of them?

Wasn’t it said that the Demon Race was right now completely in chaos?

How was it possible that their reaction speed would be so quick?

The expressions of the soldiers on the metal plates also changed.

The formation airship they were on had been modified; with their speed and defensive power the strongest. But their offensive power was not that strong. For the purposes of concealment and detection, the airship type they had chosen was a middle class investigative airship and was not the main battleship of the Youyan army. And as for the two huge eagle battleships, could absolutely be counted as the main battle force of the Demon Race. To handle one was already very difficult. If two appeared, they absolutely had no chance of victory. Even if they wanted to escape, they could not escape.

At this moment, the [Army of Youyan Pass] that was known as one of the most elite armies in the empire, completely demonstrated their bravery and quality.

Even in despair, the soldiers did not collapse.

They silently took out a red silk scarf from their chests, tying it on their foreheads.

The red scarf fluttered in the strong winds of the cold air at the Demon Race territory. It was as if flame after scorching flame was lit.

Every soldier in the [Army of Youyan Pass] believed that if they died in the territory of the Demon Race, if they died in foreign lands, that as long as their pride was not dead, as long as their honour did not fall, they could still return home. Even if their bodies rotted away, even if their flesh became the food of the Demon Race, but this red scarf could still lead the way back from the afterworld, back to their homes. They could still make their souls return to the homes that they had once died to defend, they could transform into the sparking stars in the arc of heaven, able to protect their closest people.

When they met with a situation with no hope, the soldiers would wear red scarves on their head.

On one hand it was to lead their souls back home. On the others hand, it was to break the cauldrons and sink the boats* encouraging themselves and their comrades to fight shoulder to shoulder to the death.

The red scarves fluttered and blew.

Such was the fate of soldiers.

This was the last battle of the soldiers.

Even Liu Zongyuan himself was wearing a red scarf on his head.

At this time, any speech to encourage morale would be shown to be superfluous and pale.

If death was really going to descend, if their final destination was really going to arrive today, then he would accompany his brothers to beautifully finish walking their last stretch of the road.

Ye Qingyu was silent.

Of course he knew just what wearing a red scarf on the head represented.

Was he afraid?

A little bit.

He had many things he had still not accomplished. He had still not found out the mystery behind the secret priest shrine within the Snow Country. He was yet to meet again with the little loli Song Xiaojun that had left with the sword immortal Wang Jianru. There was also Aunt Lan, Little Grass and Tang San, as well as Wen Wan and Li Shizen of the Vanguard camp…

But even if so, what about it.

Whatever reason, at this moment, could not become an excuse for him to flee from battle.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu was not only a soldier in the army, he was a martial artist of the Human Race.

As a martial artist, or as a member of the Human Race, he had the duty to protect the existence of his race from the very beginning.

And at this moment, it was time for him to carry out his duty.

Ye Qingyu activated the [White Horse Battle Armour], white light cold qi encircling his body, the [Little Shang sword] in his hand shimmering with radiance

Everyone, was waiting for the moment where the battle would explode.

As if the next moment, blood and white bone, cannon fire and smoke, would rupture and sputter in front of their eyes.

But—

A breath of time went past.

Two breaths of time went past.

Twenty breaths of time went past.

In Heaven and Earth, it was completely silent.

The opposing Demon Race huge eagle battleship still silently floated in the skies.

The hunting sail on the battleship made noises, the triangle multi-coloured sail crashing and fluttering. On the tower and the metal plates, row after row of demon soldiers stood, their expressions solemn and malevolent. There seemed to be nothing out of the ordinary. But there was an extremely peculiar atmosphere that coalesced around the two huge eagle battleships.

Ye Qingyu gradually realized something.

“This is… something is not right, it’s somewhat too peaceful.”

Ye Qingyu eyebrows frowned, looking in detail at the battleships opposite them.

Normally, when two battleships met, the first one who let out the first strike would be the one with the absolute upper hand. Such an opportunity was transient and fleeting. On the huge eagle battleship, there would definitely be demon warriors, even the existence of demon commanders leading this ship. Every one of them were well-experienced famous leaders. It was impossible for them to delay and not attack after seeing the formation airship of the Human Race.

But the two huge eagle ships in front of them maintained a hard to describe silence.

As if they had not seen Ye Qingyu and the others or the formation airship.

Bizarre.

A mysterious bizarreness.

Ye Qingyu frowned, looking at the Big Head who was still quietly lazily basking in the sun. A flash of understanding suddenly appeared in his mind.

Xiu!

He activated the [White Horse Battle Armour], the wings extending. He headed towards the two huge eagle battleships.

The other people were shocked by this.

“Brother Ye, quickly return…” Liu Zongyuan loudly shouted.

Ye Qingyu gestured from far away, indicating that they were not to follow. He carefully and cautiously neared the huge eagle battleships.

On the formation airship, the eyes of the soldiers were instantly filled with hot tears.

What a heroic officer, what a selfless youth.

From the moment they interacted, the soldiers excluded and refused to accept Ye Qingyu. The soldiers felt this young man from the academy was a young man that had not even entered onto the battlefield before. It made the proud soldiers unable to accept the fact that he had such a high military status. But right now, they started to feel ashamed for their shallowness.

Liu Zongyuan similarly felt the blood in his body burning.

A true brave warrior.

An officer that was absolutely worth engraving in one’s memory

An…

Brother Ye, you are far too in a rush!

But…

Fine!

Rest assured and go first. You go first and I, Liu Zongyuan will quickly come find you and walk the same path. In the underworld, under the nine springs, we will still fight shoulder to shoulder.

Liu Zongyuan was nearly brimming with tears.

It was as if he could already see the Ye Qingyu being surrounded by the experts of the Demon Race, and the cannon fire, that tragic scene of him perishing and falling…

But the coming scene did not develop according to his expectations.

“Eh? What is this?”

As his tears hovered, Liu Zongyuan was blank.

Because he inexplicably saw that after Ye Qingyu activated the White Horse Battle Armour], he unexpectedly, without any obstructions at all, boarded on the huge eagle battleship. The Demon Race on the metal plates did not have any reactions whatsoever. After Ye Qingyu observed for a brief moment, as if spasming, he waved them over in an exaggerated fashion…

What was it?

Liu Zongyuan was completely blank.

Why was it that the Demon Race had no reaction and allowed Ye Qingyu to board?

Why did the battle not kick off?

After a moment of blankness, Liu Zongyuan suddenly realized something. His heart could not stop madly beating, turning around to shout, “Everyone protect the airship.” He himself activated the wings of his battle armour, transforming into a ray of light that neared the huge eagle battleship and landing beside Ye Qingyu.

“What is it?” Liu Zongyuan’s voice was shaking.

Ye Qingyu shrugged his shoulder, his shock and emotionally moved state hard to disguise. “Old Liu, look for yourself, a strange matter… a false alarm. I don’t know what happened, but the demon soldiers on these two battleships has completely died off. There’s not even one that is still alive and breathing. Look at this…” Saying this, Ye Qingyu extended his hand to push a fierce and muscular snow ground bear warrior.

Puchi!

This snow ground demon bear that was enough to uproot rivers and mountain fell softly without any force in its body.

Liu Zongyuan widened his eyes.

……

Ten breaths later.

Ye Qingyu and Liu Zongyuan had nearly completely searched through the two huge eagle battleships on the inside and outside.

Within the two battleships, there was not even a single demon that was alive.

They had completely died.

On the two huge eagle battleships, there were two thousand or so lifeforms of the Demon Race. Within, there was not a lack for powerful experts with unfathomable strength as well as high class demons of the Snow Ground Demon Court. According to Liu Zongyuan’s experienced judgement, there were at least ten demon commanders and four hundred or so demon warriors on the two battleships. It was an extremely powerful force, far, far exceeding their previous expectations. Such an arrangement greatly exceeded the standard scale of a battleship. This was nearly a large scale Demon Race battle division, but for some reason, so many experts of the Demon Race had completely died on this ship.

What was even more bizarre was that there was no signs of any battle on the huge eagle battleships.

Every demon soldier, every demon warrior, every demon commander, was either peacefully sitting or standing. There were different expressions on the faces of everyone on the two battleships. There were faint smiles, peacefulness, and there were some Demon Races that had gathered around and were conversing. As if a second or two before, nothing had happened whatsoever on the two eagle battleships. The next second later, there was a terrifying apocalyptic disaster that occurred. No matter how strong or weak they were, their life was reaped away in a split instant.

The arrival of such a disaster occurred so quickly, that not even existences like demon commanders could react in time.

Ten great demon commanders, every one of them was comparable to a top expert of the Bitter Sea stage of the Human Race.

Instantly dead.

Bizarre.

Horrifying.

Sinister.

Under the arch of heaven, above the sea of clouds, the sun was fierce. But Ye Qingyu and Liu Zongyuan both instantly had cold sweat covering their bodies.

Such a matter was simply too inexplicable.

For such a strong Demon Race battleship to be destroyed through such a peculiar method was something that had never been heard of before.

Ye Qingyu and Liu Zongyuan could not hide their fear and shock at seeing this sight. They were standing in the fierce sun, but instantly felt surrounded by a gloominess they had never experienced before. As if a Death God was hiding somewhere in a corner, soundlessly and sinisterly smiling as he stared at them. As if death would descend at any moment.

“Without any injuries, without battle occurring. As if the life force of the Demon Race was absorbed by some terrifying existence in an instant.”

Liu Zongyuan carefully observed.

Just what kind of power was able to do such a thing?

A Heaven Ascension stage of the Human Race?

Or was it a demon king in the Demon Race?

Hard to imagine.

“No matter what, these two battleships no longer pose as a threat to us. We cannot tarry, we must immediately depart and rush away.” Liu Zongyuan awakened from his shock and did not dwell on this bizarre matter anymore. Only by rushing and hurrying back towards the territory of the Human Race, could they be safe.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

But he faintly felt that something was not right. But he had no reason to oppose Liu Zongyuan’s decision.

*cut off their path of retreat

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 156:


Chapter 157 – Yan Buhui

If it was in normal times, Liu Zongyuan would definitely not abandon the resources and materials of these two huge eagle battleships. Even if he needed to drag it, he would take them back meter by meter to Youyan Pass. Besides, on the two demon battleships, there were so many corpses of experts of the Demon Race. They would definitely contain some secrets of the Demon Race. If they carefully searched through the ships, they would absolutely profit greatly.

But right now, they needed to flee for their lives.

Furthermore, on the formation airship, there were tens of snow white maps that recorded down the arrangements of their military bases and terrain of the Explosive Snow Glacier as well as the Snow Ground Demon Court.

On the significance of strategy, the importance of these scrolls were much more important than the two eagle battleships.

After returning to the formation airship, Liu Zongyuan ordered for the ship to speed on utterly, not delaying in the slightest.

Boom!

The airship broke through the cloud layers, leaving a trail through the skies, travelling like a ray of light.

The two huge eagle battleships that were like two spirits very quickly disappeared behind them.

“Below is the den of the Snow Dragon that we have passed previously,” Liu Zongyuan pointed below. He could not help but be somewhat emotional. “This time, we have really escaped from death. Who would have thought that we would be discovered by a flock of boar bats? I guess that boar bat battalion should have been coincidently passing by that area and discovered the traces of us by accident. They only decided at that moment to ambush us. This was our misfortune…”

Ye Qingyu smiled, not saying anything.

He surveyed below him.

Above the ice plains, everything was peaceful.

It seemed that the Snow Dragon had already hidden deep beneath the icy grounds, in some sort of half hibernation state. They did not see the strange scene of the Snow Dragon turning over again.

“But it is not right to say our luck was bad. It is as if something is protecting us from the background. The Demon Race on those two huge eagle battleships died in such a strange and peculiar way. Otherwise, we could not escape so successfully…” Liu spoke more than he normally did. Even though he was well-experienced, and was a famous warrior that had undergone a hundred battles, his emotional fluctuation was still very evident after escaping from disaster.

Ye Qingyu was about to say something, but suddenly frowned.

He looked at the icy plains under them. There was a strange shaped icy peaked that looked slightly familiar. Thinking about it carefully, his heart could not help but be confused.

Did they not just pass this icy peak?

Why would this icy peak suddenly appear beneath them again?

Ye Qingyu’s memory was exceptional, with the ability to not forget things he had seen. He could confirm that about ten breaths previously, the airship had passed by this icy peak before. According to the current speed of the formation airship, the distance they had passed since then was more than ten kilometers. It was absolutely impossible for them to return…

In an instant, cold sweat seeped out from Ye Qingyu’s back.

He glanced at the excited Liu Zongyuan, and without any expression, continued to observe and take note.

Another ten breaths of time.

Ye Qingyu’s expression became extremely troubled.

Right now, he was a hundred percent sure that an inexplicable matter was occurring on the formation airship.

Because that strange shaped icy peak had already appeared for the third time below the formation airship.

In other words, the formation airship’s speed seemed to be extremely rapid, but in reality, there was no difference from walking in a fixed position. They were not able to fly out from the fifty kilometer radius around the strange shaped icy peak. Right now, they seemed to be inexplicably travelling in circles.

Ye Qingyu did not dare tarry, giving the results of his observation and informing Liu Zongyuan.

“What? This… how is this possible?” Liu Zongyuan was extremely shaken. He could hardly believe this.

At this time, a voice came from behind them—

“Patrolling envoy Ye is not wrong. We are just running in circles at a fixed position. Officer Liu, tell the formation airship to stop and not to waste the energy of the Origin crystal.” It was the voice of the [Painting Saint] Mister Liu.

Mister Liu had already appeared behind the two at some unknown time.

Ye Qingyu rushed to ask, “Could it be that Mister has discovered something?”

Mister Liu’s lean face had a trace of a bitter smile. “Only by listening to the words of Patrolling officer Ye did I realize this fact. We have already mistakenly entered into a seal formation, if we are not able to break it, we will forever be trapped here, with no method to get free. No matter how fast we fly, we will just be travelling around in circles… although the formation airship is fast, but the laws of space in this area has already gotten disordered. We have no way to leave from here purely by relying on speed.”

Ye Qingyu and Liu Zongyuan looked at each other, their hearts extremely shaken.

How was this possible?

Just when had this occurred?

Just what kind of sealed formation was it, that they had not noticed anything and entered into it?

“Then what should we do now?” Liu Zongyuan asked with a frown.

He had already begun to calm down gradually.

“I also don’t know… Let’s first observe, perhaps there is still a chance…” Mister Liu had bitter smile on his face, shaking his head, about to say something.

But at that time, he suddenly saw something inexplicable and incredible. He stood fiercely dumbfounded where he was, as if his entire person had fossilized. Only a while later did he react, then he was as if he saw a ghost, his gaze emitting a disbelieving light. Lifting his hand to point far away, his body began shivering violently. Saying nonsensical words, “You… Him… This is… It’s him, so it was him……”

Ye Qingyu followed along Mister Liu’s gaze with confusion. He could not help but be dumbfounded.

He could see in the air a hundred meters away, without knowing exactly when, a figure had appeared.

It seemed to be a human, around eighteen to nineteen years of age. He should be a male, very young, a lean figure, but his face was incomparably handsome. His skin was like jade with a strange radiance, and his face was so pretty that it did not seem real. He was wearing a long white robe and there was a shocking wound at his waist. He was nearly cut in half at the waist. On the wound, there was an amber-like liquid wriggling, as if it was helping him recover his life force…

This person had his eyes tightly closed, his long eyelashes fluttering in the wind

He was laying on a white cloud, his chest slowly rising and falling. His expression was calm and gentle, as if he was sweetly asleep.

But without knowing why, the moment he saw that person, Ye Qingyu suddenly had a feeling that was like the fear and trepidation one felt before a disaster.

The white clouds floated.

The young man silently lay on the white cloud.

His countenance was so peaceful, it as if he was a scholarly noble young master sleeping on a jade bed.

In the silence, there was strangeness contained within.

As if time had stopped at this moment.

After a long time.

Mister Liu finally let out a long breath, as if he had just woken from a terrifying nightmare.

“So it was him, it really is him…” Mister Liu bitterly smiled, shaking his head. “Such is fate, such is luck.”

A sense of dread and misfortune could not help but be born in Ye Qingyu’s heart as he heard this. Ever since meeting Mister Liu, Ye Qingyu’s impression of him was that he was a person that would never be shocked by anything, an extremely stable person. Before, even when they met with the boar bats, the black crows and the huge eagle battleship, this [Painting Saint] had always maintained a hard to describe calm expression. But at this moment, the person that was sleeping on the cloud, just what was his background that it made Mister Liu lose his composure like so.

“Mister knows that person?” Ye Qingyu could not help but ask.

Liu Zongyuan also had a face filled with questions, looking towards Mister Liu.

Mister Liu let out another long sigh, nodding his head. He had an agonizing expression. “I know.”

“Who is he?” Ye Qingyu asked again.”

Mister Liu was silent for several breaths of time. At last, he seemed to have made his determination, his mouth lightly spitting out two words—

“Yan Buhui*!”

Yan Buhui?

He had never heard of this name before.

Ye Qingyu was blank saying, “It’s the name of a person? What’s his background?”

Before Mister Liu could reply, Liu Zongyuan’s expression greatly changed after hearing these words beside him. This person did not lack for bravery— even when he faced death directly, he would not even feel the slightest trace of fear. But his body began shivering uncontrollably at this instant. There was a shocked expression contained within his eyes…

Ye Qingyu was greatly curious.

“Officer Liu also knows that person?”

But Liu Zongyuan still had not calmed down from the demons of his dreams.

It was as if he had not heard Ye Qingyu’s words. His gaze was still fixed on that young man lying on the white clouds.

Mister Liu breathed deeply in. “Yan Buhui… is that person.”

“That person? Which?” Ye Qingyu had yet to realize.

But as these words were spoken, a flash of insight suddenly flitted through his mind. He suddenly understood the meaning behind these words. He could not help but ask, “Yan Buhui… is that person? It’s the greatest traitor in the history of the Human Race that Mister Liu spoke of, the person who betrayed the empire and his race, the once peerless genius of Youyan Pass?”

“It is him.” Liu Zongyuan had finally recovered from his stupor.

He spent a great deal of effort to calm himself down. Then he said, “The name of Yan Buhui is really the nightmare of countless people of Youyan Pass. After so many years has passed, there is still no one who is willing to mention such a name, whether they are a soldier or an officer. That name is like a nightmare to us. When that matter happened in the past, I was only a little soldier. I have never seen him before, but I have heard his name far too many times. Who would have thought… that today, I would truly encounter him.”

Ye Qingyu’s heart was massively shaken.

He was finally greatly disturbed.

Subconsciously, he could not help but look again at the young man laying there.

Could it really be that young person?

The person seemed to be kind and handsome, like a rich young master, seeming to be somewhat thin and weak. He was pretty like a girl. Was he really the greatest traitor in the history of Snow Country? A person that had once killed countless soldiers of the Empire? A person that had nailed countless soldiers of Youyan Pass on the pillar of humiliation?

Ye Qingyu had previously imagined what he looked like.

But he absolutely had not imagined that he would have such a face.

Just what kind of heart was hidden beneath that peaceful and young face?

Long and painstaking effort had been taken to plan this operation by the [Youyan army]. It was all for this person. Did Mister Liu not say that the front lines was about to succeed. Why was it that he appeared in such a place?

Seeing the frightening and disturbing wound at Yan Buhui’s waist, Ye Qingyu vaguely realized something.

It seemed like the [Gale Operation] of the front lines had not succeeded. They had injured Yan Buhui, but they were not able to kill this traitor.

Wind blew again.

The atmosphere was strange and tense.

Yan Buhui silently lay on the cloud. If not for the movement of the wound of his waist, if not for the rise and fall of his chest as he breathed, it seemed like he was really dead.

Arrows and cannons aimed at him.

But Liu Zongyuan did not have the courage to order them to attack.

Mister Liu remained silent for a long time. Finally, he took a step forward, opening his mouth, “Buhui, long time no see.”

His tone, was as if reuniting with an old friend and reminiscing about old times.

“Mister Liu, it’s been a long time since we last met.” The young man on the white clouds had his eyes tightly closed. His tone was gentle, without the slightest killing intent whatsoever. He had not yet opened his eyes, but evidently he had discovered the existence of everyone, and recognized Mister Liu.

*His name can be translated literally to mean, never returning to Youyan Pass.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

