Chapter 1065:


Chapter 1080 - The Re-Emergence of the Seven-Fingered People


Currently, the domain of the Dragon Human Race was divided into three parts. There was a loose alliance between the high-ranking officials of the border regions, the Dragonblood Dynasty, and the War God Xu Wuya, who had splintered away from the current Dragon Emperor due to a conflict of interests. These three major factions ruled the domain, and it was apt to describe the current situation of this race as chaotic.

These three major factions could be considered rivals.

The places that Ye Qingyu had been to—the small chaotic city, Dragon Scale Province, and currently, Snow Dragon Province—belonged to the loose alliance of border regions, but strictly speaking, the Ancient Dragon Emperor should have belonged to the Dragonblood Dynasty. This felt a little strange for Ye Qingyu. Since the three factions were rivals, why would the Ancient Dragon Emperor and people from the loose alliance end up plotting to kill Ren Puyang together?

Also, where should they even begin to search for the Ancient Dragon Emperor?

Rumor had it that the Ancient Dragon Emperor was buried in the ancestral Dragon Tomb after he died. It was located in the divine underground cave beneath Peerless Dragon City, the capital city of the Dragonblood Dynasty. "Do I really have to go to the capital, sneak into the Dragon Tomb, and exhume the casket of the Ancient Dragon Emperor to uncover the truth?"

After all, it was the ancestral burial ground of the Dragon Human Race, and security there would be incomparably tight.

Even Ye Qingyu felt that it was a problem.

He knew, however, that he still had to go there, no matter how hard it was going to be.

Two days later, a few hundred kilometers away from Peerless Dragon City—

The skeletal wyrm was flapping its wings and cruising in the sky. It flew incredibly stable like an airship, and a faint silver glow formed an arcing light shield around it. The shield did not give off any energy wave and it kept its back ramrod straight.

Zhou Yuexin carried a long sword on her back and stood atop the draconic beast's back. She gazed forward, her eyes full of respect.

Ye Qingyu sat cross-legged in front of her on the beast's skeletal head. He was channeling his technique, preparing to readjust himself.

Someone whose power was at such a high level would find it hard to achieve a breakthrough just by using cultivation alone. They could only try to continually realign their body and uncover the amazing properties hidden within, or attempt to comprehend the forces of nature to improve further. Either that or perhaps meet with some chance encounter.

Over the past few days, Ye Qingyu had been observing the mechanisms of his own body and trying to comprehend the wonderfulness of nature.

He had seen more than one Quasi-emperor in battle before. The overall aura and image of the life and death struggles had had a huge impact on him, and he was still trying to comprehend and feel the fleeting moment of light. He needed to try to understand the meaning behind the struggle in the Dao over and over again to even get close to an opportunity to become an Emperor.

Currently, he had already understood a little of it.

He opened his eyes and gazed below.

There were mountains, valleys, and rivers in the vast landscape below them, which stretched out thousands of kilometers. It was an extremely beautiful sight; the terrain of the domain of the Dragon People was simply breathtaking. It was an ancient domain that had existed since early historical times, and it was still in very good condition. It was full of life and spiritual qi, and as Ye Qingyu and Zhou Yuexin looked on, the view was incredibly beautiful. They could see primitive forests within the mountains and valleys, and after using their martial eyes, they also noticed that the spirit vein beneath the ground was full of vitality and Saintly power.

It was worthy of its reputation of being one of the larger domains in the world right now.

The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was considerably more shabby looking compared to the domain of the Dragon People. Its borders were smaller, and it had a shorter lifespan. Even though the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain still possessed a considerable lifespan, it ended up being annexed and destroyed.

The root cause of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain's demise was because the strength of the humans alone was not enough to alter its fate. It was eventually invaded and taken over by Puppet Bloodworms like the wyrm Ye Qingyu controlled. If the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was as mighty as the Dragonblood Dynasty, perhaps the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain would be thriving now.

"Master, I picked up the scent of some of my kind," the wyrm said.

It was flying at great speed, and it covered hundreds of kilometers with each flap of its wings. Soon enough, Peerless Dragon City was right before them.

Looking down, they could see the gigantic city, which symbolizes the pride and the might of the Dragon Human Race, and it looked exactly like a divine dragon lying upon a beautiful grassy plain. Wind blew across the plain, and the evergreen flora rose and fell as it passed them by, causing it to look like a vast green ocean. Ye Qingyu and company felt as though they had just seen a divine dragon rise out of the sea, and the terrain and feng shui of this land had obviously been designed and arranged by a greater power.

The wyrm's remark also meant that dark forces were hiding in Peerless Dragon City.

"Enter the city directly," Ye Qingyu said.

The wyrm contained its aura with great care and swooped down toward Peerless Dragon City.

"Wait a minute," Zhou Yuexin said suddenly. "Security is tight in Peerless Dragon City, and a [Divine Dragon Formation] has been set up here. If we swoop in like this, we're bound to be discovered..."

She had come to this place with her lover before and knew how terrifying the huge castle was. At the same time, she did not wish for Ye Qingyu to come into conflict with the people of Peerless Dragon City because of his forceful entry. After all, both parties were dear to her. This city was the pride of her people.

Before she could finish speaking, however, a cool breeze swept past her.

The skeletal draconic beast had already entered Peerless Dragon City.

Strangely, the formations that had been painstakingly set up with vast amounts of manpower, resources, and money by the Dragon Human Race did not react at all. The elite troops of the Dragon People stationed on the castle walls had also failed to notice the arrival of Ye Qingyu and company.

"Er..." She was very surprised.

That was because she had not realized how terrifying the skeletal wyrm's power was. It had absorbed both Wei Wubing's and Zhang Wuxin's strength and memories, which was to say that it had obtained a lifetime of experience in cultivation and martial prowess from both dark creatures. As such, it was already very close to reaching the Quasi-emperor realm, and compounded by the fact that it was well-versed in various secret martial arts techniques, only Ye Qingyu or a Quasi-emperor could subdue it now. Otherwise, there was no restricted area in the entire world that it could not go.

The wyrm was carrying Ye Qingyu and Zhou Yuexin and flying low in the sky above Peerless Dragon City. They had already passed through countless protective barriers, and none of the people weaving in and out of the streets below them could see it at all.

That was because it had refracted any light passing by them.

"Is there any place in this city where information is for sale?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Zhou Yuexin was still in a daze and hurriedly collected herself, "The largest underground source of information in the city is the All-Knowing Tower. It is said that there isn't any news in the Vast Thousand Domains that they cannot get..."

"Let's go then," Ye Qingyu decided.

The wyrm flapped its wings and followed Zhou Yuexin's directions.

"That person is coming."

Deep inside the royal castle, in a secluded and quiet yard—

The corner of the lips of an old Dragon Human dressed in plain robes revealed a serious expression. Invisible imperial qi circled around his body, as if a little bright yellow dragon was intimately cruising around him.

Two top-level martial artists of the Dragon Humans stood behind him. They were dressed in red armor and stood stiffly at attention.

I've really underestimated this Ye Qingyu. To think that he found his way to Peerless Dragon City so quickly just by obtaining a confession from Wei Wubing. He's proven to be an anomaly... Could it be that someone is supporting him from behind the scenes? It can't be; Li Xiaofei is already dead, and that old man fought with the descendants of the Ancient Human Emperor. He should already be on the verge of dying. So who could be helping him?

The old Dragon Human seemed to be thinking about something that caused him to hesitate.

Eventually, his gaze turned firm as he said, "You two, go and make preparations."

"Yes, my lord."

The two top-level martial artists in red armor received their orders.

"Don't alarm
that
person in the royal palace about this incident," the old Dragon Human added.

The two experts in red armor acknowledged again before leaving.

The old Dragon Human remained in the same spot and lifted his head toward the sky. A stern smile appeared on his lips as he thought,
No matter who the person is, they will find that it's impossible to reverse the current situation just by making use of Ye Qingyu as an outer shell. The fate of the world has been decided, and only the Ancient Great Emperor himself can possibly change it... Hehehe, this time, I want to see if the mastermind will show themselves after I slay Ye Qingyu. Don't let me down.

On the second story of the All-Knowing Tower—

A Dragon Human innkeeper was serving Ye Qingyu and Zhou Yuexin warmly.

The wyrm had returned into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"What information would you like to know, sir?" the innkeeper asked. He was young but very steady, and his smile was warm.

Ye Qingyu's figure was surrounded by a flickering white glow, which blurred his facial features. He transmitted a message mentally to Zhou Yuexin, and she then spoke to the innkeeper, "My master would like to know about the changes within the Heaven Wasteland Domain."

"Oh, sure. Information about the Heaven Wasteland Domain is divided into three tiers. Tier three contains one hundred sixty pieces of news and has been gathered within ten days. Tier two contains two hundred pieces of news and has been gathered in five days. As for tier one, it'll contain one thousand and one pieces of news and has been compiled earlier this afternoon. They are all the latest and most accurate bits of information you can obtain," the innkeeper said cheerfully.

Lately, the news about the Heaven Wasteland Domain had become the hottest product in the All-Knowing Tower. After the War God Xu Wuya had led his huge army to attack the domain of humans, it drew the attention of various Dragon Human factions. Nearly all of the Dragon Humans believed that it was just a matter of time before the Heaven Wasteland Empire would be crushed by the iron hooves of the Dragon Teeth Army and were waiting to share the spoils of war. As such, they were very concerned about news pertaining to the domain. There had been many people like Ye Qingyu and Zhou Yuexin that concealed their true identities and came asking about news of the Heaven Wasteland Domain lately, so the innkeeper was not in the least bit suspicious.

"We want a set of all three tiers of information."

Zhou Yuexin told him and paid a huge sum of money to the innkeeper.

Very quickly, three jade strips landed in Ye Qingyu's palm.

He read through all of them once in great detail. He came to know that the Heaven Wasteland Empire had declared war against Xu Wuya and the Dragon Teeth Army, but they had not engaged the War God in actual combat yet. They had been retreating and maintaining a completely defensive posture. Things were not looking good, and the Dragon Teeth Army was beginning to bare its fangs. It had crushed and annexed a considerable amount of forces belonging to the empire.

Ye Qingyu understood what was going on after reading it.

After that, he told Zhou Yuexin to purchase information about Hu Bugui, the silly dog Little Nine, Nan Tieyi, and the others. Unfortunately, he only got piecemeal information about them. This tower was not truly all-knowing, and there was still not much news about his friends.

"Is there any news worthy of attention? Has any new power or expert emerged lately?" Ye Qingyu told Zhou Yuexin to ask him.

"You know, there is," the innkeeper replied mysteriously. "The Seven-Fingered People, who were supposed to have been exterminated years ago, have re-emerged in the Vast Thousand Domains. A young female martial arts expert has appeared and defeated all her enemies. She's looking to exact vengeance."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1066:


Chapter 1081, The Dragon Human emperor

The young girl expert of the Seven Fingers Race?

Ye Qingyu immediately reacted over when he heard this. The so-called young girl expert was no doubt Shui Xiu. After the divine sword was returned, Ge Ming had said that he would allow Shui Xiu to cultivate again to compete with the present age, and that she would even become a martial arts emperor. He was full of confidence at that time. Ye Qingyu did not expect that Shui Xiu had become famous so quickly.

“Buy.”

Ye Qingyu passed the message.

Zhou Yuexin offered a price and bought the information about the young girl expert of the Seven Fingers Race.

The innkeeper, with one glance, knew that a big customer had come this time.

“We also have information here on Ye Qingyu, the [Ice Sword Killing God] of the Human Race, who has been causing an uproar in recent times. It is extremely detailed, there are even information on the recent battle in the mourning hall of the Domain Alliance temple. I wonder if you need it? If you’re interested in Heaven Wasteland Domain, you must focus on this person.” The innkeeper began to sell hard.
“Buy.”

Ye Qingyu also wanted to know how much truth was leaked out of the battle in the mourning hall.

Zhou Yuexin stuck out her tongue, thinking that this Mister Ye Qingyu was really interested in actually spend money to buy information about himself. Adding to this, from the beginning to the end, he did not ask about the price at all. He really was rich and imposing.

The eyes of the innkeeper were squinted into crevices.

The orders he made today had made a lot of money. His commission was comparable to the performance of the past month.

“Is there something else you need, my lord, my All-Knowing Tower has everything.” His manner became more and more humble.

“Are there information about the whereabouts of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]?” Ye Qingyu asked again.

“This... information about [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], we naturally have it here, but this Human Race Quasi-emperor has already fallen. The news is conclusive. Our shop is clearly priced and does not cheat the old or young. The value of the news of a dead man is not worth a lot, and also does not have too much significance.” The innkeeper hurriedly smiled obsequiously, “I need to be clear to you in advance to avoid disappointing you.”

“Buy,” Ye Qingyu spoke again.

Following this, Ye Qingyu in one go bought a lot of information, including news about the Phoenix Race, the Unmoving City of Darkness, and other key information about the existences of the dark domain, which was the part that Ye Qingyu was most interested about. Of course, there was information that he bought that had nothing to do with him at all, nor was of his concern. This was done to prevent the All-Knowing Tower from identifying his identity through his purchase record.

After the innkeeper walked Ye Qingyu out of the store, he was grinning from ear to ear, unable to conceal his happiness.

The All-Knowing Tower was a well-known news organization in the Dragon Human Domain. In addition to the official channels, they could be counted amongst the biggest organizations, but it was the first time that he had encountered a customer that made such a big purchase. It should be said that the price of the All-Knowing Tower was really not low, and all the real top forces had their own channels and rarely made purchases in the All-Knowing Tower. The customer today was really mysterious.

This thought flashed away in his mind as he was engulfed by excitement.

“I have to count up how much commission I have made today, haha...”

The innkeeper grinned.

……

……

Yuelai Inn.

Ye Qingyu stood in the upper sky room.

He read the jade scrolls he bought from the All-Knowing Tower one by one. The innkeeper had warned him that the information on the scrolls had a display time limit, which will disappear after three days. This was also a kind of protection measure.

Zhou Yuexin stood quietly on one side.

After a long while, Ye Qingyu set down the last jade scroll in his hand, his brows almost twisted together.

This
All-Knowing Tower
really is impressive to obtain information that not even the
Domain Alliance
had,
Ye Qingyu thought, somewhat surprised. Of course, this may have something to do with his lack of power in the Domain Alliance, which hindered him from finding out more.

According to the information in the jade scrolls, Ye Qingyu now knew information that had not been known to him before.

Among them, the background of the Unmoving City of Darkness was what caught his attention the most.

On the Road of Chaos, in addition to the current major cities, there were also several cities that had once dominated all domains, and one of them was the Unmoving City of Darkness. It was rumoured that this huge city was the last giant city on the Road of Chaos, guarding the end of the Road of Chaos, and was built by a supreme master. It was closely linked with the City of Endless Light. It was said that the Unmoving City of Darkness suppressed the darkness, while the City of Endless Light brought light. There was a legend that, at the end of the Road of Chaos, there were endless dark existences, and it was the existence of the Unmoving City of Darkness that suppressed this endless darkness from the Vast Thousand Domains.

The Unmoving City of Darkness was once a guardian city of the Vast Thousand Domains, enjoyed supreme glory, respected by thousands of races and clans, and was the embodiment of justice and strength.

But then, it was unknown what had happened, but the Unmoving City of Darkness suddenly betrayed the Vast Thousand Domains, led the dark forces into the world, and caused a great disaster which almost led to the destruction of the world. It was the source of disaster. Therefore, the Unmoving City of Darkness left the Road of Chaos and became the representative of the real dark forces.

If it had not been for the Lord of the Endless City of Light risking his life to suppress the dark forces, the world would have been destroyed.

The dark forces were destroyed and re-driven into the dark domain. The end of the Road of Chaos was sealed, and the Unmoving City of Darkness was banished, disappeared from the world. The City of Endless Light also suffered disastrous losses because of this, and disappeared from the world as a result. These two great cities, which once represented the highest glory and power of the Vast Thousand Domains, had disappeared from the Road of Chaos. As a result Heaven Connect City became the headquarters of the Domain Alliance.

After this change, the Unmoving City of Darkness had almost become a taboo in the Vast Thousand Domains.

The Phoenix Race, which once had a marriage relationship with the Unmoving City of Darkness, was suspected by the whole world in later generations, and although they played an important role in the battle against the darkness, they still could not fully prove their innocence. In the end the Phoenix Race was assigned by the Domain Alliance to be stationed at the end of the Road of Chaos, guarding and protecting the seal for generations, to fight against the dark forces.

Since countless eras, there had been many traces of the Unmoving City of Darkness, and there had been countless experts who wanted to enter into the dark domain to destroy this evil, but they couldn’t do as they wished.

This was the information regarding the Unmoving City of Darkness that Ye Qingyu read in the jade scroll. It was very rough, just some dusty history unknown to the outside world, but was not considered as an absolute secret. Moreover, the content of the jade scroll could only be regarded as a brief history.

However, these rough information had also uncovered many of the mysteries that had long been in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

According to Lin Yutang, the reason that Ren Puyang left Heaven Connect City last time was in fact because the power of the Unmoving City of Darkness had reappeared at the end of the Road of Chaos. The Phoenix Race had suppressed this force, but Mister Ren Puyang for some reason took the risk of personally entering the dark domain at the end of the seal to investigate something...

And Wei Wubing, Zhang Wuxin and other dark creatures were evidently also from the dark domain behind the seal at the end of the Road of Chaos. The beings in the Vast Thousand Domains had always thought that the seal had isolated all of the dark creatures, but did not think that the dark creatures had long infiltrated into the world.

It seems that I also need to go to the dark domain to take a look,
Ye Qingyu thought to himself.
What was it that Mister Ren Puyang was going to investigate in the dark domain for him to leave his important job at the headquarters?

It was a mystery.

After the battle at the mourning hall, Ye Qingyu had also asked Lin Yutang, but unfortunately he also didn’t know. He could only vaguely guess that Mister Ren Puyang's investigation was incredibly important and must be related to the Human Race and even the survival of the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Qingyu thought of Song Xiaojun, thought of Wang Jianru, but there wasn't any information about these two people in the jade scrolls.

Then he couldn't help thinking of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

How was the war between the Phoenix Race and the Unmoving City of Darkness?

Ye Qingyu stood in front of the window, silent for a long while.
“Sir, are we going to sneak into the palace today?” Zhou Yuexin asked curiously. She was now more or less able to guess some of Ye Qingyu's thoughts.

Ye Qingyu nodded and was about to say something, when there was a knock on the door.



“Who is it?”

Zhou Yuexin increased her vigilance, because she sensed that the person outside was exceptionally strong and was in no way just a staff of the inn.

“At Master’s command, I came to pay respect to Mister Ye Qingyu,” an unfamiliar voice sounded.

Huh?

How did he know a Mister Ye Qingyu lived here?

Zhou Yuexin was on guard, exchanging glances with Ye Qingyu.

“Open the door.” Ye Qingyu said with a thoughtful expression.

Zhou Yuexin opened the door.

Outside stood a Dragon Human expert dressed in ordinary robes, burly and tall, exuding a remarkable aura, and faintly had an air of majesty. He was obviously not an ordinary Dragon Human, but someone who occupied a high position.

“Who are you?” she asked, frowning.

The Dragon Human held up an invitation in his hands as he said respectfully, “My master invites you over, I hope that Mister Ye Qingyu can go see him.”

“Who is your Master?” Zhou Yuexin asked.

The Dragon Human expert did not speak.

Ye Qingyu waved, letting the invitation fall into his hands. As he opened it, his expression suddenly became strange.

“Well, lead the way,” Ye Qingyu said.

“Sir, please.” The Dragon Human expert turned around to lead the way. “Master said that he does not want others to know that you will be coming. He said that you will know what to do.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Zhou Yuexin followed in a daze.

They walked out of the inn, and passed through a few streets. The Dragon Human expert was bringing Ye Qingyu and Zhou Yuexin in the same direction as the Palace of the Dragonblood imperial court.

Ye Qingyu was operating the laws of power along the way, and no one was aware of his traces.

When he arrived at the palace, the Dragon Human expert flashed a dazzling brilliance, turning the ordinary robes on him into gold divine armour. He wore a gold helmet, and a golden divine blade was hanging at his waist. He had turned into a high-ranking commander. The bodyguards on duty all respectfully bowed and paid respect when they saw him.

Although the Dragon Human expert could not see Ye Qingyu, he knew that Ye Qingyu must be behind him. After they entered the outer city gate of the palace and passed through several inner city gates, they had finally reached the core area of the palace.

Crossing the front square, they came to a magnificent and majestic hall.

The main hall was heavily guarded. Although there wasn’t a figure in sight, there were all kinds of formations that even a Quasi-emperor expert may find it difficult to retreat completely.

“Your Majesty, Mister Ye Qingyu has arrived.”

The bodyguard commander pushed open the door and knelt down to report back.

Behind him, ripples were flashing, as Ye Qingyu and Zhou Yuexin emerged from the air.

The one who wanted to see Ye Qingyu was the present Emperor of the Dragon Human Race.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1067:


Chapter 1082, The Great ancient dragon emperor

“Mister Ye Qingyu, we finally meet.”

The current Emperor of the Dragon Human Race smiled, his tone of voice was as though he was seeing an old friend.

He was aware of Ye Qingyu's real strength and cultivation base. The battle of the mourning hall of the Domain Alliance obviously could not be concealed from the powerful Dragon Human Emperor. It was because he knew this that he was so respectful. The Vast Thousand Domains was a world of martial arts, where the strongest was well-respected. Given Ye Qingyu's strength, even in front of the Dragon Human Emperor, he was on equal level.

The Emperor looked about thirty or forty years old, in his prime age, with a wide mouth and bright eyes, plumped cheeks and a straight nose. His long violet and gold hair hid a pair of gold-violet dragon horns. He exuded a powerful imposing manner, like a fierce general charging on the battlefield.

Ye Qingyu along with the uneasy Zhou Yuexin entered into the main hall.

In the main hall there was only the Dragon Human Emperor. The formations on the walls, stone pillars, the ground, carvings, steps and every place were in a state of invisibility. It was clear that the Dragon Human Emperor wanted to talk with Ye Qingyu alone.

The bodyguard commander took Zhou Yuexin out of the main hall and closed the door behind him.

The whole hall was in a state of isolation.

It was only the bold and daring Ye Qingyu who could remain calm and composed in such a situation. “Your Majesty, I wonder what is the reason you summoned me here?”

The Dragon Human Emperor got down from the upper throne, standing on the same level as Ye Qingyu and said with a smile, “Uncle Wuya had discussed the great events on the Capital Sky Peak with me, I know what had happened on the Capital Sky Peak and I have also heard about the battle at Mister Ren Puyang's funeral.”

Ye Qingyu’s eyes were flowing with a wisp of brilliance, understanding dawning on his face. “So... the Dragon Human War God Xu Wuya is standing on Your Majesty's side. The arrangements outside, the so-called ‘the world is divided into three’, General Xu Wuya's separation, all these are a deceptive appearance?”

“Mister Ye Qingyu is indeed intelligent, and saw right through the truth,” the Dragon Human Emperor nodded and frankly admitted

When he was speaking, he was in fact carefully observing Ye Qingyu's expression. He saw that after he was taken aback for a moment he immediately became incredibly calm. In the whole process his mind was as still as water. He couldn’t help but think that this Human Race genius was most likely more terrifying than rumoured.

“I see.” Ye Qingyu's assessment of the Dragon Human Emperor was increased a lot. “Your Majesty's strategy is remarkable.”

In fact, before this, Ye Qingyu's evaluation of the Dragon Human Emperor was not too high. The imperial court left by the former Dragon Human Race’s Supreme Emperor could be described as having a powerful influence, and absolutely could be counted as at its peak. But the present Dragon Human Emperor did not advance or retreat, letting the Dragonblood imperial court fall apart. Even the meritorious Marquis were governed by doing nothing, and even the Dragon Human Race God Emperor had declared secession, and disobeyed the imperial orders. Even if there was external turbulence, according to common sense, it should not have deteriorated to such a degree overnight. At that time, Ye Qingyu's speculation was that the Dragon Human Emperor’s incompetence caused the deterioration of the imperial court.

But now it seemed that all this was a deceptive appearance.

The vassal alliance may have really betrayed the Emperor, but the most important Dragon Human War God Xu Wuya was unexpectedly still secretly listening to the orders of the Dragon Human Emperor. The so-called ‘the world had split into three’ was just a deceptive appearance. The Dragon Tooth Army, who on the surface had split from the Emperor, will become a target of the vassal alliance. It could be imagined that, given Xu Wuya's ability, it must be possible for him to extract a steady stream of resources and information from the alliance and gain knowledge of the movements of the other side.

The Dragon Human Emperor's method allowed him to cleanly squeeze out the worth of the unstable alliance silently, use it to nourish the Dragon Tooth Army, but without using the financial resources of the Dragonblood imperial court, and did not need to worry that the unstable alliance would really attack the Dragonblood imperial court..

If all this was the strategy set by the Emperor, then his ability and mind can really be called terrifying.

More importantly, the Dragon Human War God, Xu Wuya, had chosen to stand on the Emperor’s side, which showed that even Xu Wuya fully agreed with and followed the will of the Dragon Human Emperor.

Ye Qingyu did not doubt the words of the Dragon Human Emperor.

An Emperor was a supreme existence, whose every word carried great weight.

Although the Emperor of the Dragon Human Race was not a martial arts Emperor, he still carried the mandate of heaven, was worshipped by the Dragon Human Race, and radiated imperial qi. In the face of an expert like Ye Qingyu, if he were to lie, then that would be the same as destroying his feathers. If he had not secretly communicated with Xu Wuya, then there was no way he would know so much information, and also would not know that they had reached the Peerless Dragon City.

But Ye Qingyu still had some puzzlement.

If even Xu Wuya had completely stood on the side of the Dragon Human Emperor, then there was no need to arrange for the world to split into three. Ye Qingyu had seen the strength of the vassal alliance, if the Dragon Tooth Army were to go into battle, then it was most likely that in less than half a year they could completely destroy the alliance. Why would they do something absolutely unnecessary and make things too complicated?

Could there be another reason for this?

This most likely was the reason why the Dragon Human Emperor invited Ye Qingyu here today.

Ye Qingyu quietly waited.

“After [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], I did not expect there to be another peerless genius emerged in the Human Race.” In the tone of the Dragon Human Emperor there was undisguised envy. “Ever since ancient times, every time the Human Race had encountered a low point, there was always an exceptional genius who reversed the tides. In this era they have Mister Ye Qingyu.”

“Your Majesty is overpraising me.” Ye Qingyu smiled and then asked directly, “What did Your Majesty ask me to come here for?”

The Dragon Human Emperor also smiled, “Then for what reason did Mister Ye Qingyu come to my Peerless Dragon City for?”

“Chase down the murderer,” Ye Qingyu spoke frankly and concisely.

The Dragon Human Emperor broke into a hearty laughter, “I asked Mister Ye Qingyu to come here to assist you in chasing down the murderer.”

“In other words, our purpose is the same?” Ye Qingyu said. “But how did Your Majesty know who the murderer is?”

The Dragon Human Emperor's expression grew serious, “If I am not mistaken, it is an existence of my clan. Mister Ye Qingyu, am I right?”

Ye Qingyu this time really was a little surprised, “Your Majesty also knows?”

“Of course I know.” The Dragon Human Emperor sighed grievously. “How prosperous was my Dragon Human Race, back then it was one of the strongest powers of the Vast Thousand Domains, but now it had fallen to such a state, all because of that Granduncle.”

What?

There was such a matter?

Ye Qingyu immediately realized that the secret of the Dragon Human Race was more astonishing than he had imagined.

“Who Your Majesty is talking about, is the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor?” Ye Qingyu simply got straight to the point.

The Dragon Human Emperor nodded, “That’s correct... haha, after I found out that Mister Ye Qingyu had come to the Peerless Dragon City, I immediately understood that Mister Ye Qingyu must have come for Granduncle and must have found some clues.”

“But as far as I know, the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was the one who revived the Dragon Human Race, is the God of the Dragon Human Race, who had turned the tide, and had saved thousands of beings of the Dragon Human Domain,” Ye Qingyu questioned.

“Maybe it used to be, but not anymore now.” The expression on the face of the Dragon Human Emperor was extremely grievous. That expression was not faked, but was one of deep helplessness, grief and indignation. “In this world, there are always illustrious people falling into darkness for a variety of reasons. This Granduncle is no exception. He was once the heroic god of the Dragon Human Race, the guardian of the entire clan, but now he had become a destroyer who had fallen into darkness. The deterioration of the Dragonblood imperial court is all caused by this Granduncle. If it were only the vassal alliance, do you think I would be so troubled? To sweep them away would only take a few days.”

Ye Qingyu understood.

This was why the Dragon Human Emperor had worked so hard to set up the arrangement.

If it was so, then this could explain everything.

“In other words, the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had not gone?” Ye Qingyu asked again.

The Dragon Human Emperor shook his head, “The Granduncle of the past is dead. The him now is merely a walking corpse that has had his shell occupied by dark forces, and cannot be freed, bringing disaster to the Dragon Human Domain.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

If he had not guessed wrong, then the present state of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was perhaps similar to that of Wei Wubing and Zhang Wuxin, or more bizarre. But in essence, he had been corrupted by the power of the dark domain.

“Where is he?” Ye Qingyu asked.

The Dragon Human Emperor: “In the Peerless Dragon City.”

“The Dragon Human Race's ancestral mausoleum?” Ye Qingyu asked.

The Dragon Human Emperor nodded. “Correct, Granduncle had occupied the ancestral mausoleum, absorbed the Dragon qi, but also absorbed the imperial qi of the imperial court. His power is increasingly enhanced. I have gathered many experts to enter the ancestral mausoleum to investigate, but they never returned. The ancestral mausoleum had become a dragon cave, had become the forbidden land of my Dragon Human Race. It really is lamentable and hateful.”

It turned out to be so.

Ye Qingyu thought of Wei Wubing and Zhang Wuxin, who drew upon the qi of the heavens and earth for re-cultivation, to change their shell, especially the latter who cultivated the Dragon Human Race techniques. It seemed that it was the same with the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, except that what he saught was even greater. He had been absorbing the dragon qi in the Dragon tomb, as well as the imperial qi of the empire.

Imperial qi was the qi of the Emperor.

Although it was different from the power of martial arts, but it still had its mysteriousness. Back then the forces of the Black Moon Immortal Palace could not do anything to Yu Xiaoxing because she had imperial qi to protect her body. The Greater One Sect also failed to obtain the coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain from her under the protection of the imperial qi.

The Great Ancient Dragon Emperor was originally part of the royal family. After he obtained the imperial qi it was even more difficult to predict what kind of change would happen.

It was no wonder that the Dragon Human Emperor was so agitated and indignant.

“Therefore, the reason Your Majesty invited me here is to join hands with me, to enter the ancestral mausoleum, kill the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, and to solve the trouble of the Dragon Human Race?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“Yes, that's correct, I ask Mister Ye Qingyu to assist me.” The Dragon Human Emperor said, “As long as it can help free Granduncle, bring peace to my Dragon Human Domain, our people are willing to work with the Heaven Wasteland Empire, form a lifelong alliance and will never betray you.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Good, this was also my wish.”

He originally had planned to enter the Dragon Human ancestral mausoleum to chase down the culprit, but now with the cooperation of the Dragon Human Emperor, it would definitely save him a lot of trouble——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1068:


Chapter 1083, Dragon cave



In the ancestral tombs of the Dragon Human Race there were secrets left behind by its past emperors  and experts  were buried. And like the dragon tombs of legend, there were many treasures, but the place was known to be extremely dangerous. According to the Dragon Human Emperor, the experts of the Dragon Human Race could only enter the ancestral mausoleum at their absolute limit to choose a place to sleep. But now that the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had occupied this place, it was as dangerous as a dragon cave.

“To enter the ancestral mausoleum, there can only be a few people, thus the army cannot enter.” The Dragon Human Emperor explained, “So I want to ask Mister Ye Qingyu to help out, I will personally lead the elites of the Sky Dragon Guards to accompany Mister Ye Qingyu.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, and after a thought, asked, “The strength of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor, what realm is he at?”

“This...” The Dragon Human Emperor shook his head. “I am not quite sure, but before he died he was already beyond the pinnacle of the Great Saint. I have previously sent four experts of the pinnacle of the Great Saint realm into the ancestral mausoleum, but none had returned. Now his strength most likely has reached a certain level, not far away from the Quasi-emperor realm.”

It was no wonder that the Dragon Human Emperor wanted Ye Qingyu’s help!

Ye Qingyu understood that, since the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor had reached such a level, there was most likely nobody in the Dragon Human Race able to do anything to this former hero.

“Let's not waste time, Your Majesty, please prepare and we'll set off at once.” Ye Qingyu made a decision.

“Yes, Mister Ye Qingyu is eloquent and frank in speech, and has the graceful bearing of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] in the past. I will immediately order people to prepare.” The Dragon Human Emperor was overjoyed. In fact, he was also very impatient to set off. For today, he had already been preparing for too long.

After an hour, everything was ready.

Everything was kept simple, there were only six people of the Sky Dragon Guards though all were Great Saint experts, equipped with various secret weapons and fully armed.

Including Ye Qingyu there was a total of eight people.

“Wait for me in the palace.” Ye Qingyu did not plan to take Zhou Yuexin with him. The battle may be dangerous, much more than the battle of the mourning hall and the battle in the hidden chamber of the Snow Dragon City, and he may not be able to protect her well.

Knowing that she would become a burden, Zhou Yuexin, although unwilling, had no choice but to nod her head.

“I will send someone to protect Miss Zhou Yuexin,” the Dragon Human Emperor promised.

The bodyguard before came in and took Zhou Yuexin away.

The expression on the face of the Dragon Human Emperor grew solemn. “The passageway to the ancestral mausoleum is under this dragon throne...” He recited a mantra, struck out 9,981 dragon formation markings, and injected them into the Void above the dragon throne.

Rumble!

The dragon throne, as though it was alive, transformed into a purple and gold real dragon, moving away, and revealed a black hole that could accommodate a person at a time. There were bursts of dragon cries coming from the hole, as if there were thousands of dragons roaring in the depths.

“Go.”

The Dragon Human Emperor was the first to enter.

Ye Qingyu then followed.

The black hole entrance was linked to a passage without the slightest trace of artificial engagement. It was incomparably dark, with many twists and turns, and it was unknown where it led. Adding to this, it was quiet and surrounded by a faint chill, with the cries of a dragon growing more and more clear.

The speed of the crowd was neither fast nor slow.

After about one hour of time, they had already traveled down thousands of kilometers.

The black passage was deep and chilly, as if it led to the legendary nine levels of hell.

“A little further, and we're inside of the ancestral mausoleum, everyone be careful,” yhe voice of the Dragon Human Emperor sounded.

Ahead it was suddenly spacious and well-lit, rays of light shining through.

The passage had come to an end.

The mysterious Dragon cave had finally appeared in the sight of Ye Qingyu.

It was not like a small world formation as imagined, more like a huge underground cavern space. Everywhere was flowing with a faint purple-gold colour, filled with the power and pressure unique to the Dragon Race. There were artificially built jade steps and pathways, winding and spreading to the deeper underground. On both sides of the path were naturally-formed rugged purple gold rocks, and between them there were Dragon Human skeletons...

“The inner periphery of the ancestral mausoleum is the place where some of the experts of the Dragon Race are buried, even if there isn’t a grave of their own, for the Dragon Human Race, it was already a great honour to be a corpse here. To be buried here there are certain conditions...”

The Dragon Human Emperor explained to Ye Qingyu.

The crowd followed down the steps toward the depths of the Dragon cave.

Ye Qingyu saw that, in the surrounding purple rocks, in addition to the scattered ancient Dragon Human skeletons, there were some complete Dragon Human bodies, formed into purple and gold corpses, wearing divine armour. The bodies were still faintly surging with dragon yuan qi, the flesh had not corroded but there was no aura of life left. They must have been powerful experts before they died...

Along the way, Ye Qingyu saw at least thousands of skeletons of the Dragon Human Race.

These were all Dragon Human Race experts who had been buried in the Dragon cave for generations.

Regarding the Dragon cave ancestral mausoleum, Ye Qingyu had also read some information he obtained from the All-Knowing Tower. It was rumoured to be a city where the True Dragon King lived and was abundant in dragon qi. The first Dragon Human was cultivated there and was seen as a sacred ancestral land to the Dragon Human Race. In other words, the cave was in fact a dragon cave, which was later transformed by the Dragon Human Race.

As they got deeper, there began to be a faint aura of death in the air.

After all, it was a mausoleum, where the deceased gathered.

“Granduncle has a revered status, and his tomb is located in the deepest part of the Dragon's cave, which is also the most dangerous place.” The Dragon Human Emperor led the way, explaining to Ye Qingyu along the way.

Next, through the Dragon cave, Ye Qingyu saw various spectacles.

A number of small tombs were situated between the rugged rocks around them. To be able to be buried here after death, the Dragon Humans in these tombs must have had a greater status and cultivation base than the Dragon Human whose skeleton was scattered between the rocks.

In this Dragon cave there are most likely more than tens of thousands of
Dragon Human
skeletons... the situation is a bit bad.

Ye Qingyu thought to himself.

For he knew what the dark creature was best at manipulating the power of corpses, and the skeletons that had crawled out from under the tombstone in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss looked very similar to the scene in the Dragon cave.

They went further ahead.

The little tombs turned into great tombs.

Some of the tombs were built like stone houses, quite exquisite and better treated, and in front of the tombstone were inscription stone tablets that detailed the name and entire life of the expert of the Dragon Human Race buried in it.

On some tombstones, there were also records of the martial arts of the Dragon Human Race, as well as the cultivation knowledge of the deceased. There were even notes of what remarkable weapons were hidden in the tomb. These martial arts and the weapons, if placed in the outside world, were enough to cause a bloodbath-like competition.

At this time, the Dragon ancestor mausoleum already had the value of an arsenal.

The average person would most likely be madly excited here.

But Ye Qingyu did not go look closely at the stone tablets.

For someone of his cultivation level, these cultivation techniques and martial arts no longer had any significance.

They traveled for another hour.

The Dragon Human Emperor came to a stop.

“In front is the mausoleum area of the Dragon Emperors of the past. In each tomb sleeps an Emperor who had once shook the whole world.” He looked ahead, his face full of reverence and dignity, like a devout believer had come to a holy land.

Ye Qingyu looked ahead.

A number of purple and golden pyramids appeared in his field of vision.

The tombs of the Dragon Human Emperors were pyramidal shaped, which was related to their beliefs. Moreover each Emperor’s tomb was cast by the Dragon Emperor before death. The size of the pyramids varied, and the details were different, but the large size and appearance were almost identical.

“That's the tomb of Granduncle.”

The Dragon Human Emperor pointed to the distance.

A towering purple-gold pyramid of nearly tens of meters tall that was almost as high as the Dragon cave underground space stood out among all the other pyramids. It was incredibly striking, and was the largest and the one which glowed with the brightest golden brilliance in the entire dragon cavern space.

That was the tomb of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor.

Ye Qingyu's expression grew solemn.

Because this huge pyramid was surging with strong terrifying dark forces. After a careful observation with the [Eyes of the Void] he found that the glittering golden light was in fact mixed with faint black mist, which was the same dark forces as Wei Wubing, Zhang Wuxin and other people, but more powerful and countless times more brilliant than them.

Under the corrosiveness of this dark force, the hundreds of small pyramids around this huge pyramid had become a golden-black colour, especially the nearest few, which were almost ink-black.

The Dragon Human Emperor also felt the ubiquitous dark forces, “No, the last few times I sent people in, it was not like this. Today why is it so quiet?”

Before his voice faded.

“Can the throne of the Dragon Human Emperor not satisfy you? Why do you have to go against me, since you’re the present Emperor of my Dragon Human Race I have repeatedly let you go, but today, you actually led outsiders into the ancestral land.”

A cold voice with supreme majesty sounded.

Above the huge purple-gold pyramid, a black twisted light and shadow appeared, which eventually transformed into a burly old man and descended slowly from the sky. He was clad in ordinary robes, and wore an indifferent and calm expression. Walking along the countless pyramids, he looked like a fiendgod Emperor who ruled the Heaven and earth.

He was the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor who was rumoured to have died tens of thousands of years ago.

“I pay my respects to Granduncle.”

The Dragon Human Emperor bowed respectfully.

Behind him, the six Dragon Human Race experts also bowed respectfully.

But the gaze of the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor did not stop on these seven people, but directly fell on Ye Qingyu. His eyes were as sharp as a knife, looking up and down, “You won’t take the road to heaven, but broke into hell where there isn’t a door... if this was elsewhere, I may not be able to kill you, but in this Dragon cave I dominate everything. Even a Quasi-emperor will also perish... Ye Qingyu, you're too conceited.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

