Chapter 37:


Chapter 37 – The Number One Stage

Song Qingluo was gorgeous and could be counted as one of the top beauties of the entire first year. She was usually solemn, aloof and had a high opinion of herself. Her talent was also exceptional. The only flaw she had was that the way she talked and did things was harsh and brittle. Although she was popular among the students, at the same time there were quite a few people who did not like her attitude.

There was naturally a group of people who would be overjoyed to see this haughty girl be embarrassed.

Underneath the stage.

Ye Qingyu only glanced up at the Song Qingluo on the stage.

He did not enter the platform.

“You are the cousin of Song Xiaojun, I won’t make things difficult for you,” Ye Qingyu said with a laugh, turning and heading for another ring.

No one realized that at this time, Song Qingluo released a heavy breath of relief.

And the crowd was taken aback, having never imagined that such a thing would happen.

A group of people’s gaze constantly travelled over Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun. From Ye Qingyu’s mercy, they could at least tell one thing—

He regarded Song Xiaojun as an extremely important friend.

Ye Qingyu was a person that cared deeply about friendship.

If you were his friend, would that not be an extremely fortunate thing?

In the heart of some people, they were envious.

And then, Ye Qingyu slowly arrived in front of the number two ring.

Yan Xingtian was on top of the stage, looking down at Ye Qingyu.

“The people I’m going to blow out today are idiots whose hearts are filled with a ridiculous sense of superiority. It has nothing to do with you, I don’t want to fight with you.” Ye Qingyu looked at Yan Xingtian with a smile. He said, “I know you are very strong but your condition today is not too good. We’ll do battle another day.”

Yan Xingtian suddenly smiled.

It was for many people, the first time they have ever seen Yan Xingtian smile.

It was a strange sight to see a smile appear on his dark and serious face. It gave off a strange feeling, a feeling that caused people to inadvertently believe in him.

“Good,” Yan Xingtian said. “Let’s do battle another day.”

Ye Qingyu clasped his hands together.

Under the gaze of countless eyes, he finally arrived at the number one stage.

Qin Wushuang stood silently above.

“Therefore, the last opponent you are going to challenge… is me?” Qin Wushuang said, his tome calm and peaceful.

Ye Qingyu smiled and nodded, as if he was having a normal conversation. “In reality, I have no confidence in beating you. But today, even if don’t want to fight, I’ll have to fight.”

“Oh, and the reason for this?” Qin Wushuang asked blandly.

Ye Qingyu pointed at the angry and scared Quan Yalin and his friends. He shrugged his shoulder. “Because of your lackeys who think they are born superior to others, must cause waves in such a peaceful academy. What dog fart noble student groups that you must make the four years of a student’s life into a nightmare… These kinds of actions, forming camps and plotting and scheming makes me very nauseous. Everyone has come here to learn martial arts. And a bunch of kids around the ages of ten, who obviously has not even grown their hairs yet, is playing at plots and schemes… Haha!”

Ye Qingyu’s words were incomparably clear, travelling to everyone’s ears.

The faces of Quan Yalin and the other noble youths became exceptionally embarrassed.

The tone of Ye Qingyu’s voice was like a parent scolding a misbehaving child. Every word was like a blade, cruelly stabbing into their hearts.

Racking their brains for schemes and exhausting their efforts and ingenuity was something that they were extremely proud of. But in the mouth of Ye Qingyu, it became the actions of little children playing house. There was no way to express their anger and resentment.

“Your words, although they sound brilliant, but in reality are useless words.” Qin Wushuang looked down, his words carrying a trace of pride and superiority. “From the beginning of history to now, nobles have always been above commoners. Junior Brother Quan and the others are only protecting the natural rules and order of Snow Country, what wrong have they done?”

His words were confident, as if everything was for granted.

Quan Yalin and the others were both shocked and surprised. The confusion and embarrassment on their face disappeared like mist.

Qin Wushuang was such a person.

At many times, he only needed to say one sentence to boost the morale of others following him.

“The so called nauseous plotting and scheming of organizations is in reality the natural order of the Snow Country for hundreds of years, from the monarch himself down to the ministers that he ruled over. This is the law that has always existed. This is the rule that has always been. This is one of the reasons that the human race can continue to exist in the Heaven Wasteland. Junior Brother Quan and the others only sought to protect it, what is wrong with their actions?” Qin Wushuang condescendingly asked.

In his tone, there was almost a majesty in his questions.

“You are only an undisciplined and unreasonable little brat. Relying on your brute force, you are blocking the path of civilization. Uncouth and coarse. You don’t know anything and yet you spout nonsense here. That is what is truly ridiculous here!”

When he spoke his words at the end, Qin Wushuang’s tone became severe.

As his words were spoken, the atmosphere of the entire practice ground was changed entirely. Nearly everyone felt their chests constricting, an invisible pressure crushing them.

The students were unwittingly convinced by the words of Qin Wushuang. An urge to bow down and pay homage to him was suddenly born!

It was as if in this instant, the figure of Qin Wushuang that was covered with golden sunlight represented justice and righteousness. And anyone who acted against him was wicked and heinous.

Nearly everyone was dominated by Qin Wushuang’s pressure.

Everyone apart from Ye Qingyu.

He held up his hands, with an indifferent smile.

“Look, this is one of the reasons I must do battle with you. Any kind of laughable dogfart* reason, when it comes out of your mouth, becomes righteousness. Haha, even if I’ve slapped Quan Yalin and the others faces till it broke, there’s not any meaning behind it even if I killed them. Only by stamping over you can I really turn the first year into a more peaceful and quiet place.”

Qin Wushuang’s face darkened.

“Arrogance.” His gaze when he looked at Ye Qingyu was like a deity regarding an ant. “You don’t even understand what level my power has reached.”

“Really?” A will to do battle appeared in Ye Qingyu’s eyes. He took off the holder for his black spears, taking the two parts of the [Inexorable spear] out, each hand holding one. “It’s the same for you. You also don’t know my true power. Come!”

Before he had finished speaking.

Ye Qingyu’s spear struck out.

With a bang, the stone tiles underneath his feet suddenly cracked, spider web-like cracks spreading out from Ye Qingyu’s feet to all around.

Ye Qingyu borrowed the force of his step to soar into the skies.

“Take this strike!”

The black [Inexorable spear] vibrated in the sky, two parts of the spear twisting and rippling. Along with the downward momentum of Ye Qingyu, it was like the fall of a divine mountain, striking at Qin Wushuang down below.

The wind was as if it was furious.

The black hairs of Qin Wushuang suddenly began dancing in the air.

He shouted loudly, a blue green light appearing around his whole body. An indescribable type of energy radiated out from all directions.

This was the power of yuan qi of Heaven and Earth!

“Seal!”

Qin Wushuang grabbed something from the air, and with a flash, an ancient sword appeared in his hands. With it in his hands, he used it to block the strike!

Boom!

When the spear and sword clashed, a terrifying impact discharged everywhere.

The turbulence was like a hurricane, spreading out everywhere.

The rune formations for reinforcement and impact reduction were destroyed nearly instantly. Those students within ten meters of the arena, before they could react, were knocked away by this clash…

Screams and cries where everywhere.

Tens of students, as they were falling away, widened their eyes. They could clearly see that Qin Wushuang was rapidly being submerged. The huge platform under him was as if it was made from sand, the terrifying impact causing the collapse of the stage!

Gravel and dust soared into the sky, as if it was a crazy mushroom cloud.

The dust covered both the figures of Ye Qingyu and Qin Wushuang.

“This… Heavens, what kind of power is this?”

“The ring is directly destroyed?”

“This stage has been reinforced by an elementary rune formation. This can withstand a full power strike from an expert of the Spirit spring stage, to be directly destroyed… What does this signify? The power contained in Ye Qingyu’s strike…”

“Who won?”

“Can Qin Wushuang withstand it?”

As the dust spread out throughout the air, strikes upon strikes of metallic clashes could be heard. Vague sparks could be seen, the sound of the impacts sounding like the constant roar of thunder.

Finally, ten breaths later.

The sounds of the weapons clashing stopped.

The dust settled.

Countless people stopped breathing, opening their eyes wide.

In the rubble of the stage, the figures of two people stood tall.

Qin Wushuang and Ye Qingyu both had surprise on their faces, looking at each other. There were no injuries on each of their bodies; evidently in the clash just now they had not yet managed to decide the victor, but they were both surprised at each other’s strength.

“You… you’ve managed to attract my interest,” Qin Wushuang slowly said.

Ye Qingyu held both parts of the black [Inexorable spear] together, placing the bottom of each spear together. Accompanied by the sounds of the mechanism activating, the final form of the [Inexorable spear] was finally revealed to everyone.

“Really?” Ye Qingyu smiled. “If so, then fully display the strength of someone who has the strength of the Spirit spring stage. Let me see the battle power of a warrior who is able to excavate one Spirit spring mouth in their Dantian!”

“I can, you possess the requirements.” Qin Wushuang proudly lifted his head. “The [Great Zhou sword] has already been submerged in the Sprit spring in my dantian for several months. To be able to block its strike is enough for you to be proud!”

The ancient, giant [Great Zhou sword] floated automatically over his head. The sword blade was thick, without the traditional ridge of a sword. Instead, the middle of the sword was caved in with strange blood red characters engraved upon it, shining with a mysterious energy.

This was a spiritual weapon.

Once a martial artist entered the Spirit spring stage, they were able to open the eye of a spring in the dantian that released yuan qi. The spring would evolve into a Spirit spring, that was able to release water filled with yuan qi. The water of the spring would nourish the body, making a martial artist even more powerful.

At the same time, one could place a spiritual weapon into their dantian, submerging it into the waters of the spirit spring. Not only could this increase the power and level of the weapon, but it would also increase the compatibility of the wielder with the weapon, releasing an even more terrifying battle prowess.

Storing spirit weapons in the waters of the Spirit spring, that was a privilege only enjoyed by experts of the Spirit spring stage.

It was rumoured that Qin Wushuang already had half a step in the Spirit spring stage, and had already planted a yuan qi kindling in his dantian. But from the looks of it, this genius from the city leader office has an even deeper strength. He was not just someone who had half a step in the Spirit spring stage, but he was already a true expert of the Spirit spring stage.

By opening one spring mouth in his dantian, he could already be counted as an expert in the entire Deer City.

Furthermore, Qin Wushuang was only eleven.

His future was limitless.

In front of him.

Ye Qingyu used a quirky style, holding the Inexorable spear behind his back. The three-meter-long gigantic spear covered the sky behind his back, displaying a fierceness that made people tremble with fear.

In comparison, Ye Qingyu’s body was tiny compared to the spear. It made people have the wrong impression that this was a divine weapon, and that a normal human could never wield this gargantuan weapon.

“Everyone retreat five hundred meters!”

Qin Wushuang shouted at the surrounding students, commanding them in a practiced tone.

*Chinese version of bullshit

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 38:


Chapter 38 – Sharing the Limelight

At this time, the students had finally recovered from their shock. Instantly, the crowd heated up. The statue-like students abruptly turned into a scene of chaos, with some screaming and with others retreating backwards rapidly….

This scene was like a hornet’s nest that had been struck.

On the face of Yan Xingtian and the others, astonishment was present.

Qin Wushuang was already an expert of one Spirit spring. This news made some people dejected; those who thought their strength was comparable to Qin Wushuang instantly became depressed.

And there were also some people who realized another implication of this. If Qin Wushuang was so terrifying, then the Ye Qingyu who could match blows with him, was he also at the stage of one Spirit spring?

At this time—

“Everyone evacuate!”

Wen Wan’s strict shout sounded.

Within the air, figures appeared. Great teacher Hon Kong’s elegant figure appeared from nowhere. He floated ten meters above the ground, bring a slight pressure with him. His palms were held open, four streams of light flying out from his hands and heading towards all sides.

Within the movement of yuan qi, a new rune formation was formed.

In the pale silver barrier, ripples drifted and flickered, glowing with a strange light. It completely enveloped the area of five hundred meters that Ye Qingyu and Qin Wushuang were in. This was done to prevent the battle from causing harm to the surrounding students or the buildings.

In a gesture, Hon Kong was able to create a yuan qi formation of such scale and strength. The strength of the great teacher was definitely unfathomable.

And his actions were equal to allowing the battle between Qin Wushuang and Ye Qingyu to continue.

The stunned students retreated silently till they were outside the area of the yuan qi formation.

An atmosphere of nervousness spread.

The air was as if it was solidified.

“Previously you have always hidden yourself, as if you stood aloof from worldly affairs. Now you have stood out. Your strength is really not bad.” Qin Wushuang reached above, grabbing the floating [Great Zhou sword] above his head. He flicked the blade of the sword, a metallic ring emitting from it. He coldly said, “What made you change the way you do things?”

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, “It’s all thanks to your hired thug, Quan Yalin. It’s only through his provocation, that made me realize, constantly running away and hiding from conflict is not good. In this world, only fierce people have the capacity to have a footing. Only then will no one irritate or provoke him. My martial heart is the killing Asura idol. Withdrawing, is not one of my choices.”

Qin Wushuang nodded his head saying, “It looks like you have finally realized this point. Haha, it’s not too late. Your strength, truly makes one impressed. It’s only a pity, that you should never ever have chosen to be my opponent.”

“Words are no use, there is only battle left.”

Ye Qingyu did not want to converse anymore.

In his eyes, a will to do battle like a flame was burning.

Weng!

The long spear stabbed outwards. A thousand-pound boulder behind him was lifted in a split second. As if it was a meteorite, it headed towards Qin Wushuang.

The battle begun.

“Move!” Qin Wushuang shouted, the [Great Zhou] sword striking out.

Boom!

The sword shattered the boulder into pieces.

Within the rubble and dust, there were still tens of boulders flying towards Qin Wushuang.

These boulders were from the collapsed ruins of the arena. Under the herculean strength of Ye Qingyu, the boulders were a streak, as if they were really nine meteors shooting through the sky. The friction of the air with the boulders caused a red glow to appear on the surface. Every impact, was at least the force of ten thousand pounds.

Qin Wushuang, with his unparalleled strength, at this instant was also taken aback.

“[Great Zhou sword] first stance… Seal!” he shouted, and under the direction of his sword move, yuan qi funneling into the [Great Zhou sword]. Around the sword, layers and layers of yuan qi formation appeared, like a silver disc forming a strange light wall blocking in front of him.

BangBangBangBang!

Accompanied with the sound of thunder, the flaming boulders struck upon the light shield, shattering into pieces.

Dust covered the air.

Xiu!

A cold light shined.

Ye Qingyu’s body was like a dragon, the [Inexorable spear] like a solo star amidst the dark sky, striking out to kill.

Ding!

The instant the spear point touched the barrier, the formation was pierced. It broke apart, shattering in the air.

Qin Wushuang’s facial expression did not change at all. Holding his sword with two hands, he struck out.

Bam!

The blade of the sword collided with the spear tip.

The two figures faintly paused, then were jolted backwards.

“[Great Zhou sword] style… [Ten Thousand Kill]!”

Ye Qingyu had always been the one to act first. Between Ye Qingyu’s brows, a killing intent was obvious. Qin Wushuang began using his profound sword technique, the ancient sword floating above his chest. In a flash, images upon images of swords appeared around him, surrounding his entire body.

“Kill!”

The sword move was activated. Thousands upon thousands of sword images struck out.

It was as if there were only swords in Heaven and Earth. Everywhere it passed, it destroyed.

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly, holding the [Inexorable spear] in his hands. With a bang he jumped over tens of meters, landing next to an arena that was entirely unharmed. With another bang, the spear stabbed into the bottom part of the arena.

At this time, no one understood, what Ye Qingyu was going to do.

But the next instant, the eyes of everyone widened.

“Rise!”

Ye Qingyu shouted loudly, his voice like a Fiendgods cry.

His muscles were seen to be bulging, a tremor spreading throughout the ground. Through the vibration, one could see the ring over ten meters in diameter, through his terrifying strength, slowly being lifted.

One spear could pick up an entire arena?

Everyone felt that their mental capacity was not great enough to process what was happening.

The shock of this was like an ant lifting up a mountain. The stark contrast between the arena and the small figures of the spear and the person, made it even more shocking.

And Ye Qingyu at this instant was like a devil from hell. The [Inexorable spear] swung the entire arena, directing it towards the thousands of sword images incoming.

It was like a mountain clashing with a myriad of lightning.

Hong!Hong!Hong!Hong!

In a flash, there was a frantic and violent explosion of yuan qi. The large arena shattered into pieces, and the sword qi of the [Great Zhou sword] was also expended.

The sharp cries and shouts of the students could be heard.

Using one spear to send the entire arena flying. Heavens, that needed at least fifty thousand pounds of force! Was Ye Qingyu’s body made of metal? How was it possible that his body could contain such a terrifying strength?

No one had imagined that Ye Qingyu would use this kind of method to break apart Qin Wushuangs yuan qi technique, [Ten Thousand Kill]. This was already beyond the limits of imagination for over ninety percent of the students.

Before this, no one had realized that the strength of flesh and blood could be trained to such a level.

Practice grounds.

With the aid of the cover of the rubble and dust, Ye Qingyu quickly ran.

The strength of the physical body could only be demonstrated in close combat. Therefore, he must close the distance.

The stone tiles underneath him shattered as he ran. From this, one could tell exactly how quickly his explosive run was. His figure was almost an after image.

This was done purely through the explosive power of the physical body.

The current Ye Qingyu, had not yet trained in any yuan qi techniques. He only relied on the power of his physical body to do battle. From the viewpoint of the martial stages, he was behind Qin Wushuang by one. But the power of his physical body had long exceeded the normal level of the ordinary martial stage.

Xiu!

The [Inexorable spear] stabbed out.

A point of cold first arrived, then the spear came like a pouncing dragon.

This was the highest level [Stab] of the spear technique.

The spear style that Ye Qingyu trained in was the most basic moves but it was also moves that were the hardest to react to.

Even Qin Wushuang did not dare to face it directly.

Through the stab of the spear that seemed like it could rip apart space, he could sense a power. This power was enough to make even him tremble, as if this was a power that was an existence not any lesser than that of his one Spirit spring.

He staggered, using his footwork to avoid the strike of the spear.

The spear stabbed the air. Ye Qingyu changed his stab to a swing, sweeping it out.

The three-meter-long spear was like the scythe of the Death God, becoming a beam of black lightning.

Qin Wushuang avoided it again.

His figure trembled, then appeared in the air, floating.

The Spirit spring stage was part of the Xiantian stage. After getting rid of the Houtian shackles, one could use the energy within Heaven and Earth to solidify the air. Floating in the air was one of the special abilities of the Spirit spring stage.

One Spirit spring has already been formed within the dantian of Qin Wushuang. The yuan qi within his body was already enough for him to float for fifteen minutes.

His expression was furious after avoiding Ye Qingyu’s lightning-like strikes.

To be forced to such a stage by someone who he regarded as an ant.

But….

It comes to an end now!

Qin Wushuang breathed in deeply, opening his arms as if he was hugging something, the [Great Zhou sword] suspended above his head, rotating frantically. A sound like the tearing of metal reverberated throughout the skies.

Even if you were a normal person, you were still able to see that a strange thing was occurring in the air. The currents of the air slowly began to circulate, gathering around Qin Wushuang.

This was the yuan qi in Heaven and Earth.

The world’s most terrifying force.

Qin Wushuang was gathering and storing yuan qi to prepare for a final blow.

He lowered his head to look at Ye Qingyu. In his eyes was both pity and disdain.

Even if your body was even stronger, so what?

In front of the power of Heaven and Earth, everything was fleeting.

His swung his arms, the sword leading the flow of qi. The [Great Zhou sword] above his head began wailing, speeding towards the ground and transforming into thousands and thousands of swords.

“[Great Zhou sword] — [Ten Thousand Kill]!”

This was the same as the previous move. But under the rage of Qin Wushuang, its power was even greater. The thousands of swords in the sky were like a torrential rain, destroying everything in its path, heading straight for Ye Qingyu.

“Good!”

Ye Qingyu shouted, his thick hair dancing wildly. His body was as straight as a rock. The [Inexorable spear] in his hand began spinning wildly, afterimages being formed into a black blur. It was like a black shield that let nothing pass, protecting him.

Hong!Hong!Hong!Hong!

Swords upon swords landed on the shield as if they were punishing thunderbolts from Heaven. The terrifying sword images covered the entire ten-meter-area around Ye Qingyu.

“He couldn’t avoid…”

“To directly block the yuan qi swords?”

“The [Great Zhou sword] is a spirit weapon!”

From far away, the eyes of the students were wide open as they looked at the practice grounds. Even if the body was stronger, it still couldn’t directly block strikes that were infused with yuan qi. Furthermore, the weapon in Ye Qingyu’s hands was just a normal weapon.

The explosion of the sword images fell incessantly upon the ear.

Qin Wushuang stood above in the air like a god.

After a while, the swords from the [Ten Thousand Kill] finally stopped.

As the rubble and dust dispersed, one could vaguely see a terrifying crater in the place he was standing, as if a meteor had landed. The crater was so deep one could not see the bottom and the rocks were so fragmented it became like a desert.

The figure of Ye Qingyu, could not be seen.

“Where is he?”

“Could he be crushed into pieces?”

“It can’t be…”

Exhalations of shock were everywhere. On Qin Wushuang’s face, a trace of fatigue could be seen but it was overshadowed by indifference and haughtiness.

Everything was as he calculated.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 39:


Chapter 39 – Raising the Arena with a Single Spear

Using this type of move, those who were not yet at the Spirit spring stage were sure to die.

A cold smile finally appeared on Qin Wushuang’s face. He was about to say a few words when he suddenly noticed something. He frowned, his eyebrows like zagged lightning, carefully examining below.

Suddenly—-

Xiu!

A black spear shot up towards the sky.

As if it was a black killing bolt of lightning.

This spear came too abruptly.

The silver bottle shattered, water scattering. The cavalry struck out, birds flying!*

It was incredibly quick.

The incoming killing intent was like a needle piercing through skin. The whole body of Qin Wushuang instantly went tense, subconsciously dodging, the spear narrowly passing by his figure…

Ye Qingyu held the spear, shooting through the sky like a rocket and passing by the figure of Qin Wushuang.

The robe on his body was shattered by the swords, shreds of it hanging above his trousers, exposing his perfect naked upper body. He was one with the spear, soaring as if he was a dragon.

“Heavens, he’s still alive!”

“This explosive strike was like a dragon’s anger. Qin Wushuang was nearly hit…”

“This Ye Qingyu, really can’t be killed!”

“He’s not injured… Receiving such a terrifying yuan qi sword technique, how can he be unharmed…”

The students who were deathly silent, suddenly became animated.

“Heavens, the figure of Ye Qingyu could be said to be perfect…” an infatuated female student shouted loudly. A few of her comrades of the same sex besides her, their eyes also gleamed when they saw Ye Qingyu’s muscular and supple naked torso.

His physique was different from Qin Wushuang’s slender figure. Every muscle of Ye Qingyu’s body was filled with a masculine beauty.

And therefore, in the instant that he leapt into the sky, the manliness that he displayed attracted the gazes of countless female students.

The spear stabbed the air.

Expending all of his force, Ye Qingyu heavily returned to the ground with a bang.

Qin Wushuang also slowly floated back to the ground, a tear appearing in the shoulder of his clothing, the cloth flapping in the air. This made him slightly embarrassed; although he reacted in time, the spear also managed to rip apart his clothes.

Carelessness!

Cold sweat appeared in his back, and in his heart was extreme anger.

In this type of situation, for his clothes to be torn apart by a commoner trash that he did not regard as significant at all, for the prideful Qin Wushuang, this was an unacceptable disgrace.

What made him even more angry was that he could vaguely sense a killing intent on Ye Qingyu that made even him feel fear—

A killing intent born from experiencing countless battles.

This type of killing intent, he had only seen a few times before in the city leader’s office. Only a small minority of his father’s men had it and in the group of kamikaze warriors that his father kept.

Ye Qingyu was so young, yet his experience in fighting was already so abundant. The way he grasped at opportunities was extremely precise as if he was a warrior that had been through hundreds of battles. This made Qin Wushuang extremely stunned… why was he able to do this?

The light of the sun landed on both fighters.

Qin Wushuang’s clothes were drifting about in the wind, his sword floating horizontally from him. He was originally extremely handsome and at this time he looked like an elegant young master, making one humbled when they looked upon him.

On the other hand, Ye Qingyu emitted an entirely different atmosphere altogether.

His upper body was entirely bare. Every inch of his body was as if it was sculpted according to the golden ratio. He had a tall body, every inch filled with an explosive and masculine beauty. The black spear was held in a strange stance. Under the golden sunlight, it was as if he was a golden killing Asura statue.

“These two people… are definitely the two walls of White Deer Academy.”

“The two best of the entire first year!”

“Too frightening!”

“A pity, a mountain cannot contain two tigers. Considering either their background or their power, they cannot be in the same side!”

At this moment, countless people sighed.

Even if it was Quan Yalin and the others, at this instant they had unwittingly regarded Ye Qingyu as an existence equal to that of Qin Wushuang. A deep fear and respect for Ye Qingyu was engraved within their hearts during the battle.

Even the teachers in charge of maintaining order were also deeply moved.

These two seedlings really were the most exceptional that they have seen in recent years. Even if you considered the genius that had appeared in the last twenty years in White Deer Academy, no one could compare.

In the air.

The great teacher Hon Kong had a faint smile on his face, nodding his head slowly.

His gaze passed over the crowd below. The spectating students were increasing. Not only were there first year students, there were now second, third and fourth year students, all quickly rushing here when they heard the news.

Within the crowd, the figures of Han Xiaofei and Jiang Xiaohan appeared.

The usually haughty and prideful upperclassmen, also slowly began appearing…

“This is good. Those arrogant fellows, after seeing such a battle today, a sense of urgency will be born!” ……

Kacha！

Ye Qingyu’s hands twisted and, accompanied by the sound of the mechanism, the [Inexorable spear] once again split into two parts. He dragged the two parts of the spear, walking closer to Qin Wushuang step by step.

Ding!Ding!Ding!

The point of the spears rubbed against the ground, emitting bright sparks.

Ye Qingyu could already tell that Qin Wushuang had spent a lot of yuan qi. After continuously performing moves like the [Ten Thousand Kill], the yuan qi left on Qin Wushuang was too little. He could no longer continue to float in midair.

After all, he had only formed one Spirit spring within his dantian.

Truly strong experts of the Spirit spring stage needed to open at least six Spirit springs in their dantian. The springs would then overflow, in the end forming puddles, streams, rivers and lakes of spirit water. Only through this process could one enter the Bitter Sea stage.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu could feel a mysterious change appearing within his body.

Under the strikes of Qin Wushuang’s yuan qi, he could vaguely feel the existence and traces of yuan qi.

Continue to battle!

As long as he continued to fight, he could definitely breakthrough.

Within Ye Qingyu’s heart, his will to do battle was even greater.

He was storing energy.

With every step, this strange energy would increase by a trace.

Every step, stone would shatter under his feet.

According to logic, only martial artists who could control the yuan qi in Heaven and Earth could know how to store energy and how to utilize aura. But at this time, Ye Qingyu seemed to have already begun to grasp and touch on this stage. The previous wilderness training, the constant battles between life and death, had great benefits for him.

Qin Wushuang’s expression changed.

He could feel a threat.

A terrifying threat.

The incoming Ye Qingyu, although slow, was like an ancient mountain collapsing in front of him. Although sluggish, but it was unavoidable and unblockable.

“You want to use your aura to supress me?” Qin Wushuang shouted. Yuan qi moved all around his body, his aura not inferior in any respect to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu’s face was calm.

He seemed to have entered into an extremely mysterious state.

And at this time his head was blank, with a barely discernible light flickering in his mind. The strange heat that had always been hidden in his body was activated, automatically galvanizing into action.

This is…

“It seems to be… the method to cultivate yuan qi?”

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised, then instantly realized.

Some days before, the little loli had forcefully fed him the mantra for planting a yuan qi seedling inside his body. And at this time, this mantra became incomparably clear. The mysterious heat within his body began to be activated according to this mantra.

What is happening?

Could it be that my own body is automatically attempting to forcefully break through?

An unprecedented desire to fight, like an unstoppable flash flood, boiled in his heart. At this time, there was nothing that Ye Qingyu wanted to do but fight.

He lifted his head, staring fixedly at Qin Wushuang.

“Take this!”

Ye Qingyu became like a gust of wind. Both spears struck out, stabbing towards Qin Wushuang.

“Good!” Qin Wushuang shouted angrily, swinging his sword to meet the spear.

He had never imagined that he would be forced into such a state today. He must defeat Ye Qingyu no matter what today, or else the status and respect that he had worked so hard to establish would all be wasted!

Hong!Hong!Hong!

Violent clashes sounded in the practice grounds.

In this instant, the battle had already entered its climax.

The explosive clashes pushed the dust and rubble aside, with visible air currents radiating towards all areas. The rubble and gravel were like arrows from a crossbow, shooting through the air with a chilling whistle.

In the dust and gravel, the classes of sword and spear were emitted constantly as if gods were shouting.

The two figures, very quickly, could be faintly seen in the dust.

For every first year student, the battle that happened between their peers had caused them to be stupefied. This was beyond their imagination. They had never thought that the power of someone of the same age as them would have reached such a level!

If not for the yuan qi formation great teacher Hon Kong had created, the impacts created by these clashes would have already injured them!

Xia Houwu was supported by someone, standing within the crowd.

A cold chill was within his heart. A deep disbelief, as well as a crazy fear enveloped his entire being. He understood clearly that if they directly clashed, he would never ever be able to compare to the two.

Quan Yalin and the others had also stopped breathing from nervousness.

Their confidence in Qin Wushuang was, for the first time, shaken. The strength of Ye Qingyu, a power like that of a Finedgod, had already been deeply imprinted into their hearts.

Song Xiaojun clenched her tiny fists tightly together, cheering for her brother Qingyu in her heart!

Within the crowd, there were some second, third and even fourth years with serious expressions. The majority of them were Xiantian experts who could already control yuan qi, but when faced with the terrifying strength of Ye Qingyu, they could not help but shiver.

“Such a monster appeared in the first years!”

“Both of them are monsters!”

“Who will win?”

“I… can’t tell!”

“This type of strength, even for a second year student, they have no way of blocking.”

“Motherfucker, every time I see such a monster appearing, I will feel a deep sense of unfairness. I’ve trained hard for several years, but I still cannot compare to half a month’s training of these junior students!”

The upperclassmen sighed.

Jiang Xiaohan’s face turned green. A very crazy light flashed across her beautiful eyes.

Because of Ye Qingyu, she had suffered humiliation at the [Residence of Heaven’s Will]. Originally, she had planned to stealthily teach Ye Qingyu a lesson. But during this time, partly because she was too busy and partly because there was not a good opportunity, she did not act yet.

She would never have imagined that she would see such a scene today.

*Don’t understand? Neither do I :P. Its probably a poetic Chinese way of expressing that the spear strike was extremely fast.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 40:


Chapter 40 – Breaking Through in the Midst of Battle

Ye Qingyu was in the limelight yet again.

Was this not equal to another cruel slap on her face?

This damn Ye Qingyu, he must be doing this on purpose, he must be doing this to show me, must be doing this deliberately to make me embarrassed… Otherwise, even if your strength was exceptional, why did you not continue hiding it? Why must you demonstrate it?

The hatred in Jiang Xiaohan’s heart became even greater.

The expression of Han Xiaofei beside her also darkened.

As time went on, the number of spectators grew and grew. For a battle between first years to attract around six thousand spectators, this was something that was extremely rare in the past decades in White Deer Academy!

Many of the upperclassmen activated their yuan qi, reinforcing their eyes. Through the layers of dust and rubble, they were able to see the battle within. Seeing this scene, the shock in their eyes was even greater.

Tension!

Madness!

Suspense!

Who would be able to win?

No one knew.

Gradually, suddenly —

“En?” A fourth year student frowned, looking strangely at his companion. He said, “You… do you notice anything?”

The companion beside him was slightly taken aback. Then he was finally able to sense it, and with a blank face he said, “This is… the movement of yuan qi in Heaven and Earth… it’s gathering… it’s heading towards the practice grounds… this…”

After finishing his sentence, he was in a daze.

The place the yuan qi was gathering, was namely the center of the battle. It was gathering around the figures of the two still in battle.

“How is this possible?”

They were both stunned at the same time.

As fourth year students, they had long entered into the Spirit spring stage and were experts of the Xiantian stage. They were deeply experienced in the cultivation process so naturally they understood what this gathering of yuan qi signified.

At this time, the movement of the air became more and more evident.

Even those students at the ordinary martial stage, also began to realize something was going on.

The loose rubble on the ground, slowly floated, as if gravity did not exist, gathering towards the center of the practice grounds. This did not make sense at all. Previously, the explosions and clashes in the center were like a surging tsunami. It was rocks that were sent shooting away, rather than the other way around…

“Fluctuations in the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth… “

“This is evidently a sign of someone breaking through to the stage where they can control yuan qi!

“Breaking through in the midst of battle… This Qin Wushuang, definitely has incomparable talent. I fear this Ye Qingyu will not fare well!”

“How do you know it’s Qin Wushuang that’s breaking through and not Ye Qingyu?”

“Haha, are you a pig? Ye Qingyu only relied on the strength of his flesh, he has absolutely no idea how to control the yuan qi in Heaven and Earth. He has not yet even planted the yuan qi kindling, how can he breakthrough?”

“That’s right, to control yuan qi is no simple matter. This is the most important step of a Houtian to become a Xiantian. Without the efforts of days and months, to break the shackles of this realm is too difficult. As far as I know, Ye Qingyu has only recently broken through to the sixth stage of the ordinary martial stage!”

Everyone discussed heatedly.

The upperclassmen at this time had already given a very definite answer. The two figures rapidly clashing blows in the battle making it hard to discern which was which. But according to martial theory, the gathering of yuan qi should definitely belong to the Qin Wushuang who was already at the Spirit spring stage!

“The yuan qi gathering is now extremely obvious!”

“No, it’s getting more and more violent!”

“Retreat, everyone retreat…”

In less than fifteen minutes, the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth that was rushing towards the center of the grounds became violent. The turbulent air flow was like a hurricane. It picked up countless pieces of stone and wood, and began rotating in the center of the grounds.

Apparition of Heaven and Earth.

“Heavens, what kind of breakthrough is Qin Wushuang going through? How can the apparition be this terrifying?”

“Haha, this is too perfect. The breakthrough of Senior Brother Qin means that the little trash Ye Qingyu will definitely lose!”

“A commoner scrap wants to challenge Senior Brother Qin. He is really looking for his own destruction!”

“Haha, this Ye Qingyu could be counted as quite capable. If he is willing to become a servant that followed Senior Brother Qin around, then we could perhaps let him go!”

“Haha, I hear that Senior Brother Qin is needing a slave!”

The noble students began laughing.

Quan Yalin and the others’ hearts finally returned back into their body. Senior Brother Qin had never disappointed them before. To cause such an apparition and scene to appear, he could definitely crush the power that Ye Qingyu previously demonstrated.

After all, in the martial world of Heaven wasteland, the power of yuan qi, was the true power of those cultivating in the martial way. This was the only power without any limits. Even if the physical body was still strong, there were still limits of the body that could not be passed.

The other side.

The commoner students, to some extent, were concerned.

In these days, Ye Qingyu did not grow close with any of the other commoners, causing them to be dissatisfied. However, even if so, from the perspective of their backgrounds, they would forever be of the same level. The outbreak of Ye Qingyu today; destroying the arena and challenging Qin Wushuang was in many people’s eyes, representative of the commoners challenging the nobles!

From this angle, all the commoner students, to some extent, hoped that Ye Qingyu would be the last man standing.

But it looks like, the situation was not favourable!

Yan Xingtian remained silent as usual.

Beside him, he was surrounded by ten commoner students.

And ten meters away, the little loli Song Xiaojun tightly clenched her fist. From the very beginning, she was in this position. There were hints of worry in her stance, but in her eyes an expectation was present. She tightly pressed her lips together, as if she was waiting for something…

The yuan qi whirlwind around the battle became more and more intense.

The surrounding students who were not yet at the Spirit spring stage had to retreat until they were a thousand meters away to avoid being caught in the tornado. Otherwise, they would be easily dragged into the whirlwind!

At this time—

Bam!

A majestic yuan qi, suddenly exploded in the center of the battlefield.

The figures were blown apart.

The stormy sea of gravel and dust rushed in all directions as if it were a tsunami. It struck the yuan qi barrier, causing a deep rumble as if there was an earthquake.

“The battle has ended!”

“Who won?”

The spectators all widened their eyes.

The only thing that could be seen was the surging yuan qi hurricane transforming into a pillar of wind. As if it was a divine dragon, it was over hundreds of meters high, connecting the sky and the earth. As the winding and rotation of the pillar continues, a figure was whizzed into the pillar of wind!

There was a terrifying amount of yuan qi gathered in the hurricane wind pillar.

The expressions of the spectators all changed.

“This is bad… they’ve lost control? The energy contained in this pillar of wind is too terrible. If this explodes, it is enough to destroy the entire practice grounds!” The expressions of the teachers in charge of maintaining order were all alarmed.

“Retreat, quickly retreat!” another teacher shouted in panic.

At this time—

Within the air, a figure appeared.

The great teacher of the first years, Hon Kong, who was spectating turned into a beam of light. In an instant, he entered into the center of the battle. The next instant, he rushed outwards, carrying a figure in his right hand and setting him down outside!

“Qin… Senior Brother Qin?”

When Quan Yalin and the others saw this, they all began shouting.

The one who was rescued by Hon Kong, was namely Qin Wushuang. The white robe on his body was in tatters and his hair had also become disheveled. He did not possess his normal demeanour, his complexion frightened and angry, looking like a sorry sight.

The surrounding students, after seeing this, also started shouting in surprise.

The one who was dragged out was Qin Wushuang. Then the person who was in the yuan qi hurricane pillar was naturally Ye Qingyu.

“Senior Brother Qin, are you fine?” The noble first year students all began crowding around.

“How could Senior Brother Qin be not fine? Are you blind? Did you not see Senior Brother Qin’s awe-inspiring performance? Breaking through in the midst of battle and causing Ye Qingyu to be drawn into the hurricane wind pillar. Nine deaths one life*. Haha, Senior Brother Qin has won…” Quan Yalin laughed loudly, impatiently shouting.

“Right, right, right, Senior Brother Qin has won!” The others quickly coordinated with the cheers.

No matter what, a good tone must first be set. In the end, there must be a winner and a loser.

But—

“E— Pu!”

The face of Qin Wushuang suddenly went white. A spurt of blood came out of his mouth, his stature wobbling and shivering.

“Senior Brother Qin…” Quan Yalin was dumfounded, then shortly was extremely shaken.

Qin Wushuang had a malicious expression on his face, coldly glaring at him. He did not say a word, the yuan qi around his body in total chaos. He looked at the yuan qi wind pillar far off in the distance with a complicated expression. Retrieving the [Great Zhou sword], he turned and left promptly.

The crowd automatically parted, allowing passage for Qin Wushuang.

Quan Yalin and the others finally realized something. They dejectedly followed behind Qin Wushuang, departing in a panic.

This scene caused many people to realize something.

Could it be…

Qin Wushaung, he… actually lost?

Qin Wushuang lost?

This idea, almost in an instant, appeared in everyone’s hearts.

And nearly every first year student had a feeling like the entire world was collapsing. They could not accept this. The previous month… No, it could be said that in the previous years, the name of Qin Wushuang was famed throughout. After entering White Deer Academy, Qin Wushuang was naturally recognized as the number one expert for the first years.

But at this time….

He had been defeated?

The next second, the gazes that were looking at the disappearing figure of Qin Wushuang finally shifted. And when these gazes turned towards the yuan qi wind pillar, what was in their eyes was not simply shock anymore. It was a type of emotion that could not be described by language or even by any expression.

Therefore, the person breaking through was not Qin Wushaung, but Ye Qingyu?

Ye Qingyu broke past the ordinary martial stage in the midst of battle?

He had started controlling the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth?

But why did breaking through for the first time, controlling yuan qi for the first time, cause such a large apparition and scene?

“The battle has already finished. Everyone disperse.”

Within the air, the bland but commanding voice of great teacher Hon Kong sounded. There was an unquestionable authority behind his words.

The spectating students, after hearing these words, could only leave.

When they turned their heads to look at the violently rotating hurricane wind pillar, they silently estimated in their hearts. The Ye Qingyu after he has broken through, his strength, what kind of terrifying level has it reached?

*Chinese idiom for the chance of survival. Most likely dead, a small chance of being alive.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

