Chapter 957:


Chapter 973 – Fate Isn’t a Cabbage by the Roadside


As the gate opened, the auras all around Divine Emperor Peak abruptly became weird.

Countless feverish streams of aura and power began to circulate silently.

Everyone’s eyes gleamed with a scorching radiance and their face revealed an expression of insanity.

Although everyone and every force knew very well that behind the gate could be a world of killing and death, in which danger lurked everywhere and nine out of every ten people who entered would die, nobody was willing to hang back regardless. Even those experts who had only come to watch the fun and did not have any intention of actually participating in the scrambling for opportunities found it difficult to control their inner ambitions at this time, becoming eager to give it a shot.

A few figures began to calmly draw near to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor on Divine Emperor Peak.

Despite the presence of a Quasi-emperor who, if provoked, could instantly kill tens of thousands of Saints, these experts’ inner desires had been aroused by the once in a lifetime sight of the Chaos Demon Emperor’s ruins in front of them, and they were thus unwilling to give up the chance of seizing a rare opportunity for themselves.

Their expressions became violent and savage at this moment.

Ye Qingyu could feel that things were not right around him.

After the Reincarnation Hall had completely descended, the surrounding universal and spatial laws changed and the atmosphere subtly reverted to near that of the primeval Fiendgod Age. Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that his bodily yuan qi was being inhibited and could not circulate with its usual smoothness, while his cultivation was gradually lowering. He believed that this condition was not just his alone but also that of all the experts around. After all, everyone’s cultivation had been developed in the same universe and thus would definitely be unadjusted for a different atmosphere and set of laws.

However, Ye Qingyu’s greatest battle strength lied in his sword will and physical body.

As such, these changes had a negligible effect on him and could even be taken as a good thing. Because everyone else’s battle strength had decreased and many contemporary Divine weapons and Saint weapons became completely unusable, his battle strength had effectively increased.

However, there was something which he felt was not quite right all this time.

Following the descent of the Reincarnation Hall, the demonic cruel qi in the air had become increasingly thick and was already insidiously affecting many people. Under its effect, the eyes of most experts had begun to give off a frenzied blood red radiance, and they were showing signs of gradually losing control of themselves.

This moreso confirmed Ye Qingyu’s earlier predictions and worries.

He had been afraid that the legendary Chaos Demon Emperor was no kind soul. This demonic cruel qi could make even the kindest of persons turn into a savage evil spirit. Besides, this was before the scramble had even begun. He dared not imagine the scenes after the experts had entered the Reincarnation Hall and started a full scramble.

Just then…

Swish!

A beam of red flowing light.

As it appeared, it broke the delicate balance which the scene was in, and shot at lightning speed toward the gate.

It was a Demon Race Saint!

This occurrence immediately opened a Pandora’s box and gave every expert a heavy mental knock. The scene could no longer be kept calm.

Swish swish swish!

Rapid streaks of lightning cut across the Void.

Like startled geese, several hundred figures charged frenziedly toward the Reincarnation Hall.

These experts wanted to be the first to enter the Reincarnation Hall.

Ye Qingyu was inwardly surprised.

At that instant, he nearly followed suit and charged forth, but a strand of reason ultimately allowed him to restrain himself. He thus stood on the spot with his eyes fixed upon the gate.

It must be known that the murderous spirit emitted from these palaces was piercingly cold and terrifying to an extreme, such that even a Quasi-emperor would not be a hundred percent safe in trying to get in. Perhaps within the Reincarnation Hall could indeed be found an opportunity to become an Emperor, but it was certainly not going to be easy to enter.

“Hmph, what a bunch of fools who have no sense of danger and death. There’s no way that the Reincarnation Hall would be easy to enter.” In the distance, a pinnacle Saint whose body was surging with black demonic flames chuckled.

“Let these idiots serve as cannon fodder and break the forbidding formations of the Chaos Demon Emperor first. We’ll then walk in by trampling over their dead bodies,” another expert sneered in the dark sky.

Indeed, even if one was not annihilated by the murderous spirit surrounding the palaces, anyone with brains should be able to guess that there would be all kinds of strange and terrifying blockades set up within the Reincarnation Hall. After all, this being a legacy of a Martial Emperor, it would be a fake if it did not have any means of access restriction. Should one not understand its secrets and charge in hastily, one would be at risk of being instantly pulverized into smoke and powder and getting one’s soul destroyed by the prohibitive forces.

Everyone was waiting.

Waiting to hear the agonizing screams of this bunch of cannon fodder who entered impatiently, and to see the bursting out of blood mist.

However, none of these happened.

As the first figure entered through the gate under the gazes of countless pairs of eyes, not a single formation, prohibitive force, or ray of light was seen, and there was absolutely no response. Those experts who were first to charge up to the Reincarnation Hall did not face any impediment as they all entered the palaces without a hitch.

This greatly surprised all of the experts who were quietly watching from all around.

“No restrictions?”

“Did they really enter uninjured?”

“How is this possible!”

“They’re actually fine. Dammit, they’ve gotten a head start on us. Let’s hurry up and go!”

“We can’t afford to let slip an opportunity like this. Charge!”

Swish swish swish!

Streaks of brilliance filled the Void.

Nearly a thousand figures surged frenziedly toward the stone gate in succession.

Only a small minority remained unmoved in the Void and did not blindly follow in. They stood where they were, hoping to see if any strange change would yet occur.

A moment later.

All of the surging figures entered through the stone gate safely and unimpededly.

No screams of agony nor cries of alarm were heard from within the Reincarnation Hall.

No murderous spirit.

No aura of death befalling.

All there was was a quiet which could not be any stranger.

After passing through the stone gate, the figures quickly disappeared into the walkways behind.

At this time, several experts who were relatively more sensible started to become restless. Soon, another wave of experts and forces swarmed toward the gate. From afar, they resembled meteors shooting across the sky. It was impossible to tell how many experts had entered by now.

“Charge!”

“Don’t let them beat us to it.”

“Anyone who obstructs me shall die!”

Some experts had gone mad.

Having fallen a step behind, they had to speed up and give chase, or otherwise, they could very well miss out on an opportunity for themselves.

However, there were some people, including the [White Jade Capital] successor, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy], the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, and the Four Stars holy girl, who remained standing where they were and did not follow in. They were hesitant and seemed somewhat fearful.

“Senior… what should we do now?” Ye Qingyu asked in secret.

Having seen so many experts enter the Reincarnation Hall, it was impossible for his heart to not develop at least some impatience. Nevertheless, he had a persistent feeling that something was not right.

“Don’t worry. Going in now is as good as courting death.” The million-year-old soul’s voice was most assertive.

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu relaxed at once.

The million-year-old soul had incorporated a Chaos Demon Heart and knew many deep secrets regarding the Chaos Demon Emperor. Hence, his judgment could definitely be trusted.

To one side, Hu Bugui had also grown a little anxious, but seeing that Ye Qingyu remained as still as a mountain, he vaguely understood something and continued to wait patiently while carrying Nan Tieyi on his back.

Instead, it was the silly dog who barked impatiently while leaping up and down on Ye Qingyu’s shoulder. “Woof, let’s hurry in, or the treasures will soon all be grabbed by these assholes! Just look at them behaving like beggars entering a city. Once they’ve searched through the place, we mightn’t even get a mouthful of soup to drink… Woof woof, quick!”

With that, it intended to charge forth.

However, Ye Qingyu caught hold of its tail and dragged it back.

Out of impatience, it bared its canines before biting hold of Ye Qingyu’s hand...

As time passed, more and more experts charged into the stone gate frantically.

The Reincarnation Hall remained strangely quietly in front of the crowd, as if it was an ordinary divine temple which had opened its gate wide to all beings.

Finally, after fifteen minutes.



The figure of a pinnacle Great Saint charged forth.

“It’s the [Blazing Devil Monarch]!” Someone in the Void cried out in alarm upon recognizing the figure.

The [Blazing Devil Monarch] once ruled several large Demon Race domains and possessed countless battle achievements which had caused huge waves among the myriad domains. This genuine powerhouse had been ridiculing the experts who hastily entered through the stone gate, yet at this time, he could no longer sit still and thus turned into a beam of flowing light which shot toward the stone gate.

After he entered, a few genuine Great Saint experts who had been hiding in the Void also could not wait any longer and swiftly turned into streaks of flowing light which swept toward the gate.

At this time, Hu Bugui also began to reveal a tinge of anxiety.

The opportunity of a Martial Emperor only came about once in a thousand years. As such, given how near it was, it was difficult for one to watch on helplessly as others scrambled for it. “Little  Ye Qingyu, perhaps it’s time for us to head in too. It won’t be long before the good stuff in there have all been taken.” Eager to get started, Hu Bugui rubbed his firsts and wiped his palms. In truth, being a chief bandit, his passion for snatching things had been fully kindled already. That he had been able to restrain himself until now was already pushing him to his limits. If it was not for Ye Qingyu’s persuasion, he would probably have charged in long ago.

“That’s right, woof woof, we won’t even get soup if we go in any later.” The silly dog loosened its mouth and chimed in impatiently.

To one side, Ye Qingyu did not know how to explain things. After thinking briefly, he pinched the silly dog’s mouth shut before saying, “Don’t worry, elder brother Hu Bugui. Opportunity is about fate, which isn’t a cabbage or a radish by the roadside. It doesn’t mean that whoever enters first will be able to get hold of it… Don’t worry, we shall wait for a while longer.”

The silly dog broke free furiously and howled, “Woof, nonsense… this is pissing me off. If we don’t enter and fight for it, it won’t show itself to us… huhuhu.” Before it had finished speaking, its mouth was sealed by Ye Qingyu, causing it to become so angry that the white fur all over its body stood on end.

However, Hu Bugui ultimately decided to listen to Ye Qingyu and continue waiting.

After all, Ye Qingyu had behaved rather mysteriously during the search for the Reincarnation Hall, as if he was in possession of some secret information. It was because his actions had been practically errorless that he was able to bring the party here successfully.

After another while, the million-year-old soul’s voice rang out once more.

“Hmm, alright, it’s about time.”

It’s about time?

What does this mean?

But Ye Qingyu had no time to ask in detail.

Just then, a burst of power, strange like no other, suddenly erupted from the Reincarnation Hall in the distance. Visible light waves swept out in all directions from the giant palaces and spread to every part of the Clear River Domain.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 958:


Chapter 974 – Seven Elements Relief Palace



“What’s going on?”

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

“This is no good.”

“There’s a trap.”

“Fall back!”

Many experts who had not entered through the stone gate immediately sensed that something was not right and retreated frantically.

An extremely rich smell of blood diffused from within the Reincarnation Hall, while a visible blood-colored mist splendor gleamed on the stone gate. Subsequently, as if painted with a layer of red, the entire originally-black palace complex abruptly became lustrous and lively, with a faint aura of life circulating about it.

Thinking in association back to the appearance of the black hole and those experts which exploded into blood mist without any warning, many immediately guessed that the tens of thousands of experts from various races who had entered the Reincarnation Hall had suffered a similar fate – that they had exploded into blood mist as a result of that mysterious power and turned into yuan and blood essence which were absorbed by the Reincarnation Hall.

Many experts exchanged horrified glances.

The Chaos Demon Emperor certainly lives up to his name.

Everything that had happened today had elucidated the word “demon” most fully.

Every one of those experts from various factions was a core martial powerhouse among the Vast Thousand Domains and possessed immense strength. Yet, without even knowing how, they perished without any resistance shortly after entering the Reincarnation Hall. Such methods and viciousness were truly spine-chilling.

Within ten breaths’ worth of time, that terrifying power subsided.

Calm was restored in the Reincarnation Hall on Divine Emperor Peak.

The giant stone gate remained wide open, as if nothing had happened.

However, by this time, many experts no longer saw it as a shortcut that led to endless divine treasures and an opportunity of becoming emperor. What they saw was instead a mouth of a behemoth which enjoyed feasting on people and was brimming with murderous spirit and deathly aura. For some time, many people became hesitant and dared not enter.

Just then, heavenly music sounded once more.

Auspicious purple clouds surged forth tumblingly.

Without further hesitation, the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] and the divine knights under her command worked up the war chariot and divine mounts and moved across the firmament in a magnificent array like that of a divine army going on a world expedition. They entered through the stone gate and disappeared into the depths of the Reincarnation Hall.

“We shall go too.”

Walking shoulder to shoulder, the Four Stars holy girl and the Third Prince of the Mizar Race covered the spatial distance within a few strides and entered through the stone gate.

“Hehe...” Laughing grimly, the Young Lord of the Sinful Pit, together with the two guardian Great Saints behind him, also made their way in.

Subsequently, without hiding or hesitating any further, countless experts from various domains and forces appeared in succession and hurriedly entered.

The [White Jade Capital] successor had also disappeared since some time ago.

Lu Wei, the young man who had impertinently and arrogantly asserted his wish to kill Ye Qingyu, also appeared, along with a white-haired and youthful-looking kindly old man who was dressed in a cloth gown. The latter did not have much yuan qi aura about him and his life aura was more so weaker, appearing no different from any ordinary old man. With the former supporting the latter, the duo crossed the Void and entered through the stone gate.



“Huh? That old man...” Hu Bugui was a little surprised.

Ye Qingyu asked, “Why? Do you recognize him?”

Hu Bugui shook his head. “No, it’s just that he seems… a little strange, and might be someone I’ve seen somewhere before. However, my blurry eyes must’ve seen wrongly… He can’t be
that
person, who can’t still be alive after so many years.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu did not ask further.

He swept his glance across his surroundings. In truth, he had been trying to spot the bald fatty for the past few days, but to no avail. Reasonably speaking, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] would come to attend an event as shocking to the Vast Thousand Domains as the descent of the Chaos Demon Emperor’s Reincarnation Hall. After all, it was an important matter which concerned the destiny of the Human Race. Unfortunately, the latter had not been seen until now.

“Woof, we can’t wait any longer. If you still don’t go in, I’ll stop being your pet.” The silly dog Little Nine bared its canines and threatened Ye Qingyu. It had already gone bananas from impatience, much to the same extent as an angry little dog whose food had been snatched away.

Ye Qingyu counted the time. It had been ten minutes since the last strange occurrence took place and the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] entered through the stone gate. Hundreds of thousands more experts had entered the Reincarnation Hall during this time. It now seemed like everything had settled down and no more unexpected change would crop up.

After conversing with the million-year-old soul and obtaining his permission, Ye Qingyu nodded.

“Let’s go.”

He finally decided to enter.

“Woof, looks like you still care about me… Quick!” Overjoyed, the silly dog felt that its threat had worked.

Hu Bugui was similarly overjoyed.

With the Emperor qi tile emitting a misty green light, he carried Nan Tieyi on his back and followed closely behind Ye Qingyu.

They arrived in front of the stone gate within a few breaths’ worth of time.

Without stopping to take a look inside, they directly entered through the gate.

Behind it was a manor-like empty space.

A pavement made of black rock fragments led to another city gate in the distance. Outside the pavement were rock walls and low-lying vegetation. It was an utterly lifeless place that seemed nothing special.

The trio followed along the path at an unhurried, normal speed.

Swishing, air-breaking noises went on incessantly by their sides, caused by the many experts who had turned into flowing light and rapidly passed the trio by as they frantically charged toward the black city gate.

“Let’s hurry, woof.” Indignant like never before, the silly dog felt that Ye Qingyu was way too slow.

The latter laughed, saying, “I have my plans, don’t worry.”

He appeared very calm and composed.

After passing through the archway in the black city walls, Hu Bugui and the silly dog understood why Ye Qingyu was not at all in a hurry.

This was because behind the archway was a black pavement which stretched no longer than twenty meters, and at which end was a large hall that seemed like a transfer station and took up more than twenty square meters of land. The hall was completely empty within , yet it was linked to more than one hundred forked tunnels, each of which was of the same size and shape and had no difference from one another, even in the fact that they led to unknown destinations. Dozens of foreign race experts who had arrived here earlier stood within the fork with hesitant expressions, apparently because they did not know which tunnel to choose.

It was, unexpectedly, a labyrinth.

When they saw the trio including Ye Qingyu appear, the foreign race experts did not take too much notice and simply swept a brief glance across while discussing something among themselves. They eventually came up with a verdict regarding which tunnel to choose. After turning into flowing light, they charged into the tunnel and disappeared in a twinkling.

“Little Ye Qingyu, how… should we proceed?”

Standing within the fork, Hu Bugui became nervous at once.

As dense as a beehive, the tunnels in front made him feel somewhat dizzy. They were completely alike and indistinguishable, rendering one uncertain of which pavement to choose.

“Woof… this...” The silly dog Little Nine was also a little flummoxed.

Different tunnels certainly led to different places, each of which was as likely to be a life gate was it was to be a death trap. A wrong choice could mean the difference between heaven and hell, while any misstep could prove fatal.

“Follow me and you’ll be fine.”

Without any hesitation, Ye Qingyu chose a tunnel at the northwest corner and immediately entered it.

“Woof, how are you so sure?” The silly dog appeared greatly surprised, albeit it unhesitatingly followed up.

Free of all doubts, Hu Bugui also followed up.

The tunnel was five meters wide and three meters high with an arched ceiling. It was completely black and dim within, making one feel extremely inhibited. The coarseness of the stone walls on both sides suggested that the passageway had been carved out using knives and hammers and had been heavily weathered and infiltrated by the vicissitudes of time. However, there were wisps of barely-detectable blood streaks flickering among the veins while giving off a faint smell of blood which seemed to be from dead bodies. It was all extremely strange.

These things aside, there was nothing else within the tunnel.

After advancing approximately three or four kilometers, several unexpected things appeared on the ground ahead.

It was dozens of clothes and armors.

They were piled up in an extremely odd fashion, looking as if their owners had melted and disappeared in an instant. Their aesthetic style was clearly in line with that of the contemporary Vast Thousand Domains and was not at all ancient. The spiritual patterns on them were all but damaged, and hence they were completely worthless.

Ye Qingyu guessed that they had been left behind by the thousands of experts who were first to enter this palace.

It was highly apparent that some among those experts had hastily charged into this tunnel, where they met with some accident and instantly perished. While their bodies had disappeared, these clothes and armors were left behind.

This scene caused the trio to become vigilant.

Fortunately, however, no accident would happen subsequently.

After advancing for another thirty minutes or so, they finally reached the end of the tunnel.

“Woof woof, we’ve finally made our way out of this rat hole. My nerves were killing me already.” Little Nine was excited like never before to leave the inhibitive dark tunnel behind.

After exchanging glances, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui also hurried forth.

This was because a lofty palace had appeared at the end of the tunnel.

It was more than one hundred meters high and took up several hundred square meters of land. From outside, it looked primitive yet magnificent, with sculptures of ancient warriors serving as the pillars which propped up the palace. It was completely made from huge black rocks, the same material used for the tunnels. Right ahead was a giant ajar door which had left a black gap in its opening. One could only imagine what was behind it.

Above the door was a black plaque.

On the plaque were five large seal characters in black, every stroke of which was primitive and vigorous. As one looked at it, a supreme sword radiance and aura would gush at one’s face.

“Huh? On this plaque… should be written the name of this palace, I guess, but… what characters are these? I can’t understand them at all.” With Nan Tieyi on his back, Hu Bugui stood nearly a hundred meters in front of the giant door and studied the huge plaque above with curious eyes.

Ye Qingyu, too, raised his head and carefully examined it.

The plaque was approximately ten meters wide and was very primitive in make. The lines on it were so rough that they appeared to have been casually cleaved using a large hammer, and there was not a single carved or engraved embellishment on it. It could pass for a dinghy which had been drifting on a mighty, chaotic stream for millions of years. The words on it, which seemed to have been carved and chiselled using knives and hammers, emitted a mildly demonic and ancient aura, and were highly obscure and bizarre, certainly not words that belonged to this age.“These are words of the Fiendgod Age. They’re very old...” Ye Qingyu recognized the words on the plaque.

Hu Bugui was overjoyed. “Little  Ye Qingyu, you can read fiendgod words?”

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, “I’d specially learned them before. These four words indeed form the name of the palace, [Seven Elements Relief Palace].”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 959:


Chapter 975 - Caskets and the Big Dipper Handle


“Seven Elements… Relief Palace?” Hu Bugui was taken slightly aback. “This name’s kinda weird. There’s a legend that, during the Fiendgod Age, the Demon Race had seven supreme aces who were called the Seven Elements Relief Devil Monarchs. It’s said that they each reigned a different territory for an age and was unrivaled in power and influence, such that even a Quasi-emperor could do nothing to them. Later on, for some unknown reason, they bizarrely disappeared overnight and were never seen again… Could the [Seven Elements Relief Palace] ahead have something to do with them?”

Ye Qingyu was briefly stunned, “Brother Hu Bugui, you also know about the Seven Elements Relief Demon Monarchs?”

This was a tad surprising to him.

Many years ago, when he was still a low profile student in White Deer Academy, he fortunately obtained the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] and thus began studying the ancient Fiendgod characters in the academy’s library. Later on, he once again delved deeply into the one hundred eight ancient characters in the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. As a result, he had a small understanding of written words from the Fiendgod Age and knew the legend of the Seven Elements Relief Demon Monarchs, whom he had never thought Hu Bugui would also have heard of. It must be known that, like the Chaos Demon Emperor, they lived during the final phase of the Fiendgod Age and thus there were few official records of them.

“Hehe, of course I know about them. Don’t you know, I once dug up several old graves from the Fiendgod Age...” While briefly excited, Hu Bugui committed a slip of the tongue and laughed awkwardly as soon as he realized it.

“What? As a chief bandit, you also raided tombs and dug up graves? You truly are an immoral piece of shit.” The silly dog Little Nine looked at him with disdainful eyes.

Hu Bugui’s old face turned red for once.

Ye Qingyu laughed without saying anything.

He suddenly began to understand where Hu Bugui’s Emperor qi tile came from - it probably had something to do with the old graves he mentioned. However, it was a little exaggerated to believe that this geezer had managed to dig up the tomb of a Martial Emperor from the Fiendgod Age.

“Hehe, let’s not stand outside any longer. Since there’s a huge palace ahead, hehe, based on my experience, there’re definitely treasures in there. Go go go, let’s go take a look.” Hu Bugui put on a face of excitement as he spoke, when he was actually trying to change the topic.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

The party walked up to the door and gave a gentle push, upon which it immediately opened.

Dark, profound!

It seemed as if all rays of light were devoured by a mysterious power once they entered the palace.

It was dim inside the palace.

The interior was extremely spacious.

After allowing his consciousness power to radiate in all directions, Ye Qingyu carefully sensed and observed the place.

The interior space of the [Seven Elements Relief Palace] took up at least a hundred square meters. It was abnormally spacious and incomparably dim, with the only source of light being the tiny stars which twinkled in the dome above the palace. Contrary to Hu Bugui’s and the silly dog’s imaginations, there were no heaps of divine treasures, and aside from the prisms engraved on the black rock walls and pillars, there were no other embellishments or monuments.

A rich and intense smell of blood pervaded the center of the palace.

“Wow, this smell… could there be something nice to eat?”

The silly dog immediately became so excited that its eyes glowed in red and its saliva dribbled as it turned into flowing light and charged forth.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, both of whom felt shocked, gave chase hurriedly.

Several dozen dead bodies were lying at sixes and sevens on the black rock surface.

Most of them belonged to half Saint or early Saint experts, of which some were of the Demon Race, while others were wearing the standard clothing of Human Race sects. They looked like they had perished not long ago and gave off an extremely rich smell of blood. Moreover, the yuan qi and auras that remained in these bodies were still vigorous and strong, indicating that they had been worked up to their highest battle states before the deaths of these experts.

“These people had died by mutual slaughter.” Hu Bugui’s experience enabled him to quickly form a verdict.

Ye Qingyu agreed with this opinion.

It was likely that these experts had arrived here by luck earlier and then discovered something which caused a mass scramble. Thereafter, a battle of considerable scale broke out, resulting in the deaths of many.

“Eek, isn’t that Mao Tianwu of Li Mountain Valley...” As Hu Bugui observed all around, he suddenly recognized the identity of one of the human corpses. After letting out a sigh, he continued, “He was the master of Li Mountain Valley until about a thousand years ago, when he voluntarily handed his position to a successor and disappeared from the Clear River Domain. It’s believed that he’d already attained the early Saint realm by that time but was then perpetually unable to make further breakthroughs, and that’s why he decided to go search for opportunities in other domains.”

“How did you get to know about him?” The silly dog gulped down its saliva incessantly as it asked casually.

“Hehehe, I saw a portrait of him in the treasure vault of Li Mountain Valley when I ‘visited’ more than ten years ago.” Hu Bugui smiled with a hint of mischief.

A visit to the treasure vault?

Ye Qingyu instantly understood what Hu Bugui meant by “visit” and did not know whether to laugh or cry. After some thought, he said, “Cough… let’s continue looking about.”

With that, he reached a hand out and grabbed hold of the silly dog before walking to the side.

“Woof, how dare you deny me this feast! Woof… let me go...” Hoping to devour the corpses of the dead, the silly dog desperately threatened and struggled to break free from Ye Qingyu’s arms, but to no avail.

Soon, the trio discovered a few strange things.

In the middle of the palace, seven caskets were arranged in the formation of the Big Dipper.

These caskets were primitively modeled and were made from highly intact and glossy black rock spars. Every side of each casket was layered with a Big Dipper relief sculpture which could not be any more exquisite. Although the caskets all looked completely alike, they were engraved with different ancient fiendgod characters. Arranged from left to right were the words [Alkaid], [Mizar], [Alioth], [Megrez], [Phecda], [Merak], and [Dubhe].

“These are the names of the stars of the Big Dipper.”

Ye Qingyu muttered to himself, frowning slightly.

The silly dog laboriously broke free from Ye Qingyu’s hands and leaped onto one of the caskets, then sighed, “Who cares about the stars of the Big Dipper. After walking for half a day, all I see is a few broken caskets. This is a palace of dead people!”

“Hehe, you don’t understand, gluttonous dog. Based on my many years of digging up graves and raiding tombs… no, I mean, many years of entering and exploring deep and dangerous places, these caskets most definitely hold treasures within!” As he spoke, a joyful-looking Hu Bugui drew near to one of the caskets and carefully examined it while mumbling a few words and tapping his fingers.

Click click!

The sound of a stone piece being moved rang out.

Elation flashed across Hu Bugui’s eyes as he shouted, “Come here quick, the lid of this casket can be opened!”

“Haha, precious treasures, I’m coming for you!” The silly dog instantly sprang over.

Although Ye Qingyu retained some doubts regarding these caskets, he was yet unable to figure them out clearly and so thought he might as well go over.

Hu Bugui gently placed Nan Tieyi down and leaned against a stone pillar before excitedly rubbing his hands and then using both hands to give the casket a forceful push on the side.

Hum!

A dull thud, heavy like no other, was heard.

To the side, Ye Qingyu suddenly looked surprised as a gap opened.

A smell of blood!

Yet another rich and intense smell of blood rushed out.

“Let me take a look at what treasure it is! Haha, move out of the way, the treasure’s mine. Anyone who wants to snatch it from me shall die… Huh? This is… poohpoohpooh… another corpse!” The silly dog drew near blusteringly but then jumped back in disgust by the next moment.

“What? A corpse?!” Surprised, Hu Bugui hurriedly stretched his body and checked.

Indeed, a corpse which was soaked in blood was placed within the casket. Based on the corpse’s state and that of its residual yuan qi, this expert had not been dead for long. Moreover, his armor was of a contemporary style, and hence, he was likely to have recently entered the palace and was placed in the casket by someone after he died.

This…

“This doesn’t make sense. How can it be a recently-died body?”

Seeming somewhat dissatisfied, Hu Bugui pushed open the lids of the other six caskets in one go.

“Look quick, are there treasures?”

These black rock casket lids were heavy like no other, such that even someone of such immense physical cultivation as Hu Bugui began to pant after successively pushing seven of them open.

“A corpse… a corpse… and another corpse… Pooh! I get it, the treasures in here must’ve already been taken away by others, who then stuffed these corpses in. This is way too evil!” Looking resentful, the silly dog bared its teeth and brandished its paws.

To the side, Ye Qingyu still felt somewhat strange.

He walked up to the side of every casket and carefully examined them.

He could see that the edges of every lid had signs of being pried before, indicating that they had probably been opened by people not too long ago. The owners of the bodies placed in the caskets consisted of humans and foreign races, and their strengths ranged from the pinnacle Immortal Step realm to the low-level Great Saint realm. Like the corpses on the ground in the previous palace, they had died only recently and were probably killed during the same battle before being moved here by some people. Perhaps the caskets had indeed contained secret treasures, but, as Ye Qingyu wondered, why did the looters subsequently spend a great deal of effort to shift the corpses here?

Confounded, he arrived beside the last casket, which was in [Dubhe’s] position among the formation.

Huh?!

This… this casket is empty!

Ye Qingyu’s heart turned chilly.

This is way too strange.

Since those people had deliberately placed corpses in these caskets, why is only the [Dubhe] casket corpseless?

Just as he was scratching his head, the million-year-old soul’s voice suddenly rang out once more.

“Don’t look at or touch those corpses any further. Place the lids back like they were before.” There was a hint of seriousness in the voice.

“Yes.” Ye Qingyu nodded and agreed.

Seeing as the soul did not seem keen on explaining things, he felt that it was best not to ask any more questions despite his curiosity. He simply urged Hu Bugui and the silly dog not to touch those corpses as he closed the lids one by one.

When the lid of the [Alkaid] casket had also been placed back, the million-year-old soul’s voice was heard again. “Tell me what direction the handle of the Big Dipper is pointing toward now.”

The handle consisted of three stars, namely [Alioth], [Mizar], and [Alkaid].

After taking a look, Ye Qingyu noted that the direction the three corresponding caskets were pointing toward was roughly the east, and so he inwardly replied, “Senior, it’s the east.”

“Oh, that’s fortunate… There’s nothing left in here, let’s proceed on.” The million-year-old soul transmitted.

That’s it?

What does the direction of the handle mean?

Ye Qingyu became slightly more curious than before.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 960:


Chapter 976 – Strange Changes and a Map



The million-year-old soul apparently knew something but did not want to talk about it under these circumstances, and so Ye Qingyu felt it inappropriate to question further.

He called for Hu Bugui and the silly dog, saying, “Let’s go. There’s nothing else here, we have to keep moving.”

A dispirited-looking Hu Bugui and the silly dog both nodded their heads.

“That’s right, this pile of caskets holds no treasure. We’ve lost time and have to hurry.”

The latter was already getting jumpy, “I’d said that we should’ve came in a little earlier. Now, others have reached here before us and have taken away everything in the palace, leaving only a pile of corpses...”

This was one very indignant brat.

Hu Bugui was also feeling a little anxious. Having been successively beaten to it by others, his bandit chief heart was blazing.

The party prepared to leave.

Just then, however, Hu Bugui turned his body and cried out in alarm, “Huh? Where’s little Nan Tieyi?”

He was completely stupefied.

In order to see what was inside the caskets, he had placed Nan Tieyi against a stone pillar on the side, and because there was no one else in the entire palace, he did not pay much attention subsequently. Who would have thought that, only a short moment later when the party was about to leave, it would be discovered that Nan Tieyi had disappeared into thin air.

What’s going on?

Hu Bugui carefully looked up and down and confirmed which pillar it was that he had placed Nan Tieyi against.

Where is he? Did he somehow flee on his own?

“What? Elder brother Nan Tieyi has gone missing?!” Ye Qingyu was abruptly taken aback when he heard about it.
This is bad.
He thought inwardly before releasing his consciousness power outward. However, he discovered nothing in the main hall and did not detect Nan Tieyi’s aura at all. As he stared disbelievingly at the empty stone pillar, he asked himself where he might possibly be able to find half a shadow of Nan Tieyi.

How… is this possible!

Turning his gaze toward Hu Bugui, who was already somewhat befuddled, he did not dare to believe that this incident had actually taken place. It must be known that, given his present strength, he could detect anyone, even a Great Saint, who was within a kilometer. It was because he had adequate confidence in himself that he did not set up formations in the palace earlier. He thus could not believe the turn of events. He was certain that he would have detected the sound of elder brother Nan Tieyi waking up and walking about, or the aura changes of any other expert approaching, at the earliest possible time.

Why have things turned out this way?

“Little Nan Tieyi… please… come out quick, don’t scare your elder brother.” When Hu Bugui regained his senses, he immediately began searching through the entire palace like a madman.

He could not be any more remorseful.

“How did this happen? Impossible, I clearly...” He pulled his own hair forcefully. In such a dangerous environment, a comatose Nan Tieyi was akin to a sheep which had fallen into a pack of wolves.

“Chief bandit, you’re truly unreliable…,” the silly dog Little Nine said as it went around the palace sniffing. “To think that you actually managed to lose a large and living person.”

Hu Bugui had no words and no way to refute this.

Ye Qingyu hurriedly held him back and said, “Don’t worry for now, elder brother Hu Bugui. You aren’t solely to blame for this. We all have to share responsibility. Calm down now. It’s very strange that brother Nan Tieyi has gone missing, for he couldn’t have woken up and walked off on his own, nor could he have been taken away by someone… Only a Quasi-emperor level being could have escaped our detection, but then again, such a being wouldn’t have any need to bring brother Nan Tieyi away. This doesn’t make sense.”

While speaking these words, countless ideas and possibilities flashed in his mind.

Certainly, his words were meant to comfort Hu Bugui.

He immediately remembered the giant palm print abyss beside the Divine Emperor Peak after he finished speaking. If it was confirmed to have been left behind by the exertion of a Quasi-emperor level being, this being would evidently be an enemy of the Immortal God Emperor Sect. It was possible that this being had taken Nan Tieyi away, but, reasonably speaking, a dignified Quasi-emperor would not be furtively taking people away, for such a being could not have been stopped by Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui even if he had acted openly. And if he truly intended to kill Nan Tieyi, he most definitely would have wanted to kill Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui too. Ultimately, however, Ye Qingyu had no idea where Nan Tieyi could be.

Hu Bugui gradually calmed down as he listened to Ye Qingyu’s words.

That’s right. It doesn’t make sense for such a large and living person to disappear all of a sudden.

What exactly happened earlier?

Ye Qingyu secretly contacted the million-year-old soul. “Senior, did you spot anything just now?”

At this time, he could only place his hopes on this being who was infused with a Chaos Demon Heart. It was with this being’s secret guidance that his journey so far had been smooth, and it certainly knew about the Reincarnation Hall like the back of its hand. It probably had noticed something while Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui were focusing completely on the Big Dipper caskets earlier.

However, it did not respond promptly and instead remained silent.

Ye Qingyu grew a little anxious “Senior?”

“Don’t worry, little Ye Qingyu. I do know of your friend’s whereabouts, but… I cannot tell you. This is his own good fortune and opportunity, and also the path he chose for himself. Don’t worry, he’s completely fine.” The million-year-old soul spoke in a serious tone after a momentary silence.

Ye Qingyu could not understand.

The path he chose for himself?

Opportunity?

But, clearly, nothing had happened earlier.

Nevertheless, he believed the spirit’s words.

“Senior… are you sure that my friend is safe?” He could not help adding another question.

The spirit replied, “Don’t worry, I promise… But you two won’t get to see him for a period of time. He’ll naturally show up when the Reincarnation Hall has departed.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu heaved a sigh of relief.

If that’s the case, I don’t have to be too worried.

I hope everything is as the soul claims.

There’s nothing else I can do for now.

“Let’s go. Time to leave this place,” Ye Qingyu said after briefly pondering.

Hu Bugui was startled when he heard this, “What? Leave? But little Nan Tieyi...” He did not expect Ye Qingyu to make such a decision after remaining silent for a long while.

Without explaining things too clearly, the latter said, “Don’t worry, I know where he is, and he’s not in any danger for now.”

The former remained dazed for a bit and could only nod his head eventually.

He believed Ye Qingyu and so he didn’t ask more.

Conversely, the silly dog looked suspiciously at Ye Qingyu as if it wanted to ask something yet was afraid of wasting time. Its thoughts were mostly occupied by the scramble for precious treasures in the palaces and thus it was not too concerned about Nan Tieyi’s fate.

The two humans and one dog slowly arrived in the final section of the [Seven Elements Relief Palace].

It was a small fork with three tunnels.

Ye Qingyu swiftly chose the middle tunnel and walked in first.

Approximately half an hour after Ye Qingyu and the others had departed, footsteps were heard from outside the doors of the [Seven Elements Relief Palace]. Dozens of Wind Wolf Race experts pushed the doors open and charged in, thereafter revealing expressions of pleasant surprise and cheering loudly. However, they became terribly disappointed when they found out that there was not a single treasure in the entire palace.

“How could there be just a few corpses?”

“Someone got here earlier than us.”

“Huh? Look at these caskets… there are signs that they’ve been moved.”

“Let’s open them and take a look...”

A while later.

“Pooh, what luck, these caskets contain corpses.”

“I figure that they were killed while scrambling for the treasures in the caskets and their bodies were later stuffed inside. We came late...”

“Huh? Why can’t this casket be opened?”

“Really… Let me try…. No, it can’t be opened still.”

“These are coffins in the formation of the Big Dipper, and the handle is pointed toward the southeast… Hmm, this unopenable casket is the [Dubhe] one, strange… Let’s try again, there might be precious treasures inside. Let’s work together, everyone.”

A while later.

“What… what material is this casket made of? To think that my Saint weapon cannot leave as much as a mark on it.”

“What should we do? It simply can’t be opened.”

“We can’t waste time here. Let’s proceed forward and find other opportunities.”

The group of Wind Wolf Race experts was unable to open the casket of the central star despite exhausting all their methods, and could only give up despondently in the end.

They arrived in a small fork at the back of the [Seven Elements Relief Palace], and, after a brief hesitation, chose the tunnel on the right, which they quickly disappeared down.

The entire [Seven Elements Relief Palace] fell into silence once more.

Darkness shrouded over it.

After about thirty breaths’ worth of time, an extremely strange and heavy noise of slab friction rang out.

A strange scene appeared.

As the caskets which lids had been pried open by the Wind Wolf Race experts vibrated slightly, a pair of invisible hands picked up the lids which had been left on one side and slowly shifted them until the six caskets had been covered back up.

Subsequently, everything became peaceful again.

Outside the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

On the west side of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

A splendor flashed in the Void.

The figure of the Greater One Spiritual Master appeared.

“Huh? Has the Reincarnation Hall already descended? Dammit, I’m late...” When he saw the giant black palace complex on Divine Emperor Peak, he immediately realized that he had wasted too much time pursuing Liu Shaji. To his surprise, the Reincarnation Hall had descended before the time which he had forecast.

He looked at the wide-open giant stone door with some hesitation.

A moment later, he decided to charge in.

“Looks like it has been opened for some time and many beings have entered already. If I’m not wrong, Ye Qingyu is also in there. Hmm, I guess he’s got luck on his side. I shall let him stay alive for a little longer. Hehe, with the map provided by that elder in hand, I essentially have a complete grasp of everything in the Reincarnation Hall. Let’s grab a few opportunities first.”

Laughing grimly, he lowered his head to look at a jade pendant. After observing it for a long time, he eventually charged into the stone door and entered the Reincarnation Hall.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

