Chapter 905:


Chapter 922, The broken blade of Matchless Blade City



He knew that he was unlike Xie Yuyun, in that he had already made a mistake. He had slaughtered tens of thousands of people of the northwest Brute Race, and his hands were stained with blood. Therefore, the crisis today had not yet passed for him. If he were to get up, then after Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu cleaned up the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, next it would be the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce. And he would bear the brunt. His ending would not be better than Li Wanhai in any way.

Ye Qingyu glanced at Zhen Shi, and ignored him.

“Well, since I have President Fu Tianao's words, then I'll wait for the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce to give an account to the Heaven Wasteland Empire.” Ye Qingyu returned to the main seat.

Fu Tianao nodded.

Next, the president of the top chamber of commerce said a few words to Ye Qingyu, but seeing the cold and indifferent look that Ye Qingyu had, he knew that he did not want to say anything to him and should not pester him any longer. He tactfully gave a cupped fist salute and took his leave with the plain clothed old man Ke Juxian as well as the other people of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of commerce.

“Wait,” Ye Qingyu spoke all of a sudden.

Fu Tianao turned around, politely asking, “Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu, is there something else?”

Ye Qingyu pointed to the paralyzed Li Wanhai on the ground, “Take him away. In the future, I do not want to see him in Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

“Understood.” Fu Tianao waved his hand, and immediately experts of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce rushed over to support Li Wanhai up, and dragged him away.

Fu Tianao bowed again, and really left Light City.

Xie Yuyun and Li Yu were people with a flexible mind, and knew that it was best for them to leave now, so they hurriedly went up to present the generous gift they had prepared. Ye Qingyu smiled inwardly, but appeared outwardly unconcerned, while Lin Zheng stood up and accepted the gifts on Ye Qingyu's behalf. The two finally raised their brows and beamed with joy, and could finally breathe a sigh of relief.

The big show seemed to have draw to a close.

But Zhen Shi was still trembling and kneeling in fear. He dared not to speak, or even look up.

If there were regret medicine in this world, Zhen Shi was willing to exchange it with all his possessions, and eat it all at once, even if he dies eating it.

Ye Qingyu did not glance at him from the beginning to end.

The people naturally no longer mentioned Zhen Shi when they saw Ye Qingyu's response, acting as if he did not exist at all.

He stood up slowly, his face much gentler than before, smiled, raised the glass of wine, looked at the courtiers of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, and laughed, “Everybody, the storm has passed, let's continue, please drink the wine!” Everybody in the Fire Grove raised a wine cup.

Everybody toasted one another with a smile. The atmosphere at the banquet suddenly was incredibly warm.

The courtiers of the empire were completely relaxed. Having experienced the series of events, although they did not know what the title Deputy Envoy signified, they were still extremely curious. However there was one thing that they were certain of, and that was, even top chambers of commerce, which were enough to make the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain tremble, did not dare to offend Ye Qingyu.

That was enough.

It was enough to know that.

The courtiers that were invited to the banquet today were all intelligent people, and thus understood the reason that Palace Lord Ye Qingyu invited them to the banquet. Through the matters of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, when they again faced the major chambers of commerce, they would no longer be like before, overcautious for fear of offending them, and the implementation of any policy would be smoother than before. Everybody had confidence in this.

Yes, what else would they be afraid of with such a tough character standing in Heaven Wasteland Empire?

And the courtiers who had been secretly enticed and bribed by the major chambers of commerce, even if they were swayed before, after this matter they had completely abandoned the plan and intention to secretly cooperate with the foreign chambers of commerce for profit. The strength of Ye Qingyu made them understand how terrifying the consequences of doing so would be. Even the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce had to bow down facing Ye Qingyu. If they were to do anything that would be damaging to Heaven Wasteland Domain, then sooner or later they would be found out, and even an Immortal could not save them at that time.

The Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce was a good example.

Shortly after Fu Tianao and the others left, Hong Lin and Hong Ruoqing were mercilessly dragged out from the Fire Grove by the Light soldiers. The wealthy young master, who dared to make things difficult for Ye Qingyu, had already fainted and peed his pants. While the President of the Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce Hong Lin, who had long turned to the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, hoping that they could help him out, in the end did not even have the courage to speak. He was like a dead man as he was dragged out, completely given up all hope, and forgotten to even struggle.

Soon after, the two great heads were hung from the towering pillars outside Light City.

And at the same time, before the Fire Grove banquet came to an end, the Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce was directly searched by the Light soldiers camp, all properties were seized, the escorts and servants dismissed, and the accomplices that were involved in the kidnapping of women were all sent to the Imperial prison.

The illustrious Hong Yuan Chamber of Commerce, after this day, was removed from Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Of course, these all happened later.

The banquet that day continued until the evening lights were brightly lit before the host and guests scattered.

But everyone knew in their hearts that the storm had not really passed, instead it was just the beginning. From the start, Ye Qingyu had no intention of concealing this news, so what happened here was inevitably spread at the fastest speed possible. It naturally did not take long before the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain knew about what had happened today. It could easily be imagined how stirred up the officialdom of the empire would be.

At that time, the various foreign chambers of commerce, aristocratic families and financial groups would certainly hear about it, and there wouldn’t be any other foreign forces acting arrogant and superior in the face of the officials of the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

This way, the two sides could really stand on equal status to conduct business activities.

A banquet had solved the greatest problem facing the empire today without the slightest blood on the men's swords. Following this, Ye Qingyu's prestige in the empire would no doubt rise to an incredible level, which even that of the Empress could not be compared to.

It was night, and Ye Qingyu stayed overnight in the Fire Grove.

Zhen Shi of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce also knelt the whole night in the Fire Grove.

The next day, the whole Snow capital was already in a stirred-up state. The chiefs of all small or large chambers of commerce, as though they had gone crazy, were lining up outside of Light City with generous gifts, hoping to meet the Human Race deputy envoy, but were all turned away——Even the chiefs of the Immemorial, Sunrise and Free and Unfettered Chambers of Commerce were no exception, and refused entry.

Many ordinary officials of the empire who had not heard the news, during the course of their duties, were very surprised to find that the high and mighty arrogant people in the past had become incredibly polite. The harsh and rude business conditions they proposed before were completely altered today. The terms were simply incredibly generous...

The aftermath from the banquet was constantly spreading.

Ye Qingyu stayed another night in Light City, and still did not see the Empress come out of training.

On the third day, Ye Qingyu left Snow capital alone.

When he left, there was still a figure kneeling outside the Fire Grove, motionless, like a statue.

……

…

Matchless Blade City.

The most illustrious sect among the Jianghu sects in Heaven Wasteland Empire. In the past, the former Matchless Blade City was considered as a large sect but among the Three Sects and Three Schools, it could only be regarded as the middle, and there was no sign of it rising any time soon. However, now even the people who did not have a good opinion of Matchless Blade City must admit that the city was already a super force in the martial arts world of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

All this was because of Qin Zhishui.

Four years ago, in the terrifying battle that happened in the Snow capital, Qin Zhishui, who was only a young lord of Matchless Blade City at that time, stood on the side of Lord Ye Qingyu of the Light Palace, and as a result Qin Zhishui rose to the sky with Ye Qingyu.

Matchless Blade City became the first sect of the martial arts world that received official recognition and support from the empire.

Ye Qingyu returned from Clear River Domain three years ago, and having solved a difficult problem, he leapt into becoming the strongest of Heaven Wasteland Domain, and was invincible in the entire domain. Qin Zhishui, under Ye Qingyu's support, became the City Lord of Matchless Blade City, and brought the former Matchless Blade City, which was considered as the middle sect of the Three Sects and Three Schools, to the peak of the martial arts world in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Qin Zhishui's strength also rapidly improved and, as early as a year ago, he was said to have reached the fifth step of the Immortal Step realm.

It was unknown how many people were envious and jealous of him.

He walked the right path and made the right friends; it was as though the heavens had been helping Qin Zhishui.

Although it was said that a tall tree attracts the wind and that Qin Zhishui was inextricably linked to the imperial officials, he always had an excellent reputation in Jianghu. Not to mention that almost everyone would stick up their thumb upon hearing the title of [Matchless Blade King]g, because Qin Zhishui was righteous, did things fairly, and had never taken advantage of his position to bully others.

In these three years, no one had dared to provoke Matchless Blade City.

Until twenty days ago, a martial arts expert called Wen Fusheng, who had been challenging the famous experts of the martial arts world of Heaven Wasteland Domain and had never been defeated once, finally came to Matchless Blade City. In the center of the Matchless Blade Tower, he challenged Qin Zhishui, and won. Qin Zhishui’s [Matchless Blade] was destroyed, he was seriously injured, and could be said to be at his last gasp. The good days of Matchless Blade City seem to be completely over.

“If Qin Zhishui says that Ye Qingyu has an undeserved reputation, then I can return the [Matchless Blade], and Matchless Blade City can save its reputation... Otherwise, in ten days, I will destroy Matchless Blade City residence, flatted Matchless Blade City, and kill Qin Zhishui and all of the people above the Immoral Step realm in Matchless Blade City!”

Wen Fusheng let out these words——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 906:


Chapter 923, He came



With a backhand throw, [Matchless Blade] was thrust into the city wall.

The battle blade that symbolized the glory of Matchless Blade City over the endless years had snapped into two at the hilt, inserted into the city gate, like it was casted by the laws of Heaven and earth. The people of Matchless Blade City had attempted many times, but no one could pull it back out.

While the foreign martial artist called Wen Fusheng was sat cross-legged at the city gate of Matchless Blade City, he was oppressing the entire city with his imposing manner.

There were countless martial arts experts who stood up for Qin Zhishui by trying to pull out the blade, but all unfortunately failed. There were even people who challenged Wen Fusheng out of indignation but that ended in countless deaths and casualties.

The martial artist from a foreign domain was powerful, fierce, and ruthless. Till now, it was no longer clear how many Heaven Wasteland Domain experts he had severely injured and killed.

“The martial arts of Heaven Wasteland Domain are just so-so.”

Wen Fusheng was like a reborn fiendgod, long hair fluttering in the breeze, terrifying all living beings of the Matchless Blade City to the point that they were almost unable to breathe.

Matchless Blade City and many martial arts experts were gathered here. They had the intention to kill the evil but were powerless in reversing the desperate situation. They could only gaze at the arrogant figure in the sky with an incredibly sad and indignant expression.

“Where are the experts of my Heaven Wasteland Domain?”

“Who could win against him?”

“Could it be that the standard of martial arts in Heaven Wasteland Domain has fall behind so much?”

“I heard that Wen Fusheng is just a nobody in a foreign domain, yet he is invincible in Heaven Wasteland Domain. It really is hateful.”

“If this continues, the spirit of the martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain would be completely destroyed.”

“Why hasn't Palace Lord Ye Qingyu done anything yet? Three years ago, this person suppressed the heavens and was invincible in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Adding to this he is a good friend of Qin Zhishui. Logically speaking, he should be here already. Besides the Lord of the Light Palace, I don’t think anybody can win against him in the entire domain.”

“I heard that Palace Lord Ye Qingyu has gone to a foreign domain, and has not returned yet.”

“Even if he came, he also may be no match for Wen Fusheng. In these three years, the Heaven Wasteland Domain has been connected to foreign domains, and the tide of strength has been rising constantly since, and the law is constantly being repaired. The martial artists in the domain continue to make breakthrough, and the overall strength has skyrocketed. Now there are a large number of masters. Ye Qingyu may no longer be able to suppress everybody, and may not necessarily win against Wen Fusheng.”

Everybody was discussing spiritedly.

Time went by.

More and more experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain had come to Matchless Blade City.

Over the past few years, Matchless Blade City had become the core city of the martial arts world, in the same way that Snow capital is to the Heaven Wasteland Empire. Being suppressed by Wen Fusheng, a foreign domain expert, was really a huge insult, and thus countless hot-blooded martial artists had come to challenge Wen Fusheng. Unfortunately all ended up in defeat...

“Hahaha, the martial arts of Heaven Wasteland Domain is a joke... you are nothing but a bunch of chickens, how can you call yourself martial artists?”

In one move, Wen Fusheng had destroyed the dantian of a challenger, and completely crippled the expert of the Dragon Tiger Sect. He humiliatingly held up the master of the Dragon Tiger Sect with one hand, like he was carrying a little chick, and condescendingly looked down at the countless angry and helpless Heaven Wasteland experts below, as he burst into an arrogant laughter.

After laughing, he dropped the expert of the Dragon Tiger Sect who had lost the strength to struggle, then continued to sit cross legged in midair, like a fiendgod.

The people of Matchless Blade City sped over to catch the expert of the Dragon Tiger Sect, angry and shocked, but there was nothing they could do.

“A bunch of rubbish, wasting my time... There is only half a day until the deadline of ten days. If you want to challenge me, then first pull out that broken knife...” Wen Fusheng shot a beam of terrifying demonic light out of his eyes, looking down in a fierce and ruthless imposing manner. “If nobody could pull out that broken blade before the sun sets today, kekeke... then after sunset, I will flatten Matchless Blade City residence, destroying the so-called core of martial arts of Heaven Wasteland Domain in the process. Hahaha.”

His laughter reverberated through the city like a demonic voice.

Time flashed by.

The sun slowly set behind the west mountain.

The spirit and confidence of the experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain seemed to be sinking slowly with the sun.

In the end, the red sun was soon about to sink into the earth, leaving only a semi circle barely peeking through the peaks of west mountain.

“It's so disappointing.”

Wen Fusheng shook his head and sighed.

“The martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain is a joke... You all are just a bunch of sick men.”

He rose slowly in the sky, monstrous flames overflowed from his location, and was about to attack.

Wen Fusheng could not believe that Mad Demon Ye Qingyu still had not showed up at this time.

Just then, there was a commotion at the city walls in the distance.

Then he heard someone shouting loudly, “Someone's going to pull the blade...”

Everybody's heart jerked when they heard the shouting, but also did not dare to hold too much hope, because the blade that Wen Fusheng had inserted into the city wall was strengthened with a total of ten invisible prohibition seals, all extremely terrifying and contained the power of the laws. At most the experts had only managed to break through four or five prohibition seals, before they could not go any further, or even get close to the broken blade.

“Maybe someone couldn’t stand this and wanted to give it a try even if it leads to sinking the boat.”

Many martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain were pessimistic in their thinking.

The people who gathered here were all famous masters yet no one had succeeded.

But then soon a voice sounded again.

“Haha, passed through, the first prohibition... the second... the third... so fast... it seems like... there is hope.”

“It's already the fifth prohibition... too fast, who is this person?”

“The eighth...” someone yelled out, informing the others of the news loudly.

Upon hearing this voice, the originally pessimistic martial artists all began to have hope again.

“What's going on?”

“Who is it?”

“Eight prohibitions have been passed through already... is there hope?”

“Go and have a look.”

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Figures, one after another, flashed towards the city gate.

City gate.

A young man in white was standing in the sunset, silhouetted against the sun, body bathed in the red golden light, as if he was flashing a dazzling divine light. At this moment, he was already standing before the broken blade, looking down at the broken blade, at the blood-red silk wrapped around the hilt. Seemingly thinking about something, he did not pull the knife right away, instead paused for a moment.

“What happened?”

“So fast?”

“You came too slowly, this man is very strong. He easily broke through the ten prohibitions... very calmly too.”

“Who is this man?”

Many Heaven Wasteland Domain experts had already crowded around the city gate, standing directly in the Void and discussing spiritedly.

……

Above Matchless Blade City.

Wen Fusheng also had a change of expression.

“Finally came an interesting one...” He licked his lips, his expression bloodthirsty and his eyes narrowed.

……

Matchless Blade City residence.

Qin Zhishui was still unconscious.

At the battle that day, he had lost to Wen Fusheng at the tenth move. The [Matchless Blade] was destroyed as a result, and Qin Zhishui was seriously injured, and had been unconscious since. Many divine doctors had come to examine him, even the Medical God Ouyang Buping of the Heaven Wasteland Empire had come to see him, but unfortunately he could not be treated. The biggest problem was that there was a devastating force embedded in Qin Zhishui's dantian, constantly destroying his body. The speed of his recovery was far from the rate of deterioration of his body.

At this moment Qin Zhishui was almost at the edge of death, his consciousness almost completely blurred.

A beautiful young woman was standing at the bedside weeping. She was Qin Zhishui's wife Huang Shi, who wedded with Qin Zhishui last year, and three months ago was found to be pregnant with their first child. It should have been a joyous time, but who would have known that there would be this unforeseen event. Before the child was born, something like this had happened. Huang Shi's heart was almost shattered.

In addition, the elders of Matchless Blade City were also standing anxiously next to the bed.

These days, each of them had in turn injected yuan qi into Qin Zhishui's body, which was the reason that he could hang on until now. However, it seems that even this method was useless now.

Watching Qin Zhishui arriving at death's door, and it becoming increasingly dangerous in Matchless Blade City as sunset approached, the masters of Matchless Blade City were incredibly anxious and distressed.

That was when——

Buzz buzz buzz!

There was a strange vibration.

Everybody was startled.

They found that the broken blade on the blade holder in the room was trembling for some reason.

That day when the [Matchless Blade] was destroyed, Qin Zhishui also only took back the head of the broken blade.

The [Matchless Blade] was a symbol of the glory of their Matchless Blade City. It was a humiliation that their blade had broken. The broken blade head was placed back onto the blade holder, and worshipped, unfortunately the spirit of the blade had already died and the formation markings were destroyed. Besides the fact that it was a little sharper than the ordinary weapon, the head of the blade no longer had any power.

But now, the broken blade was all of a sudden shaking.

It looked like it was alive.

What was going on?

Everyone in the room looked at each other in astonishment.

Just then, Qin Zhishui, who was lying on the bed unconscious, suddenly shot open his eyes and sprang up.

“He came!”

The man, who had been unconscious for several days, seemed to have recovered completely, opened his mouth, lurched out of bed, and impatiently headed outside.

“Husband, you're awake...” Huang Shi exclaimed, rushed over to support Qin Zhishui.

Everyone else were overjoyed.

But Qin Zhishui seemed to have not awakened fully. He repeated that sentence, spurted out a jet of black blood, and fell unconscious again.

The scene fell into chaos.

Swoosh!

A sound pierced the air.

The blade had suddenly broken free, transformed into a stream of light, burst out, and disappeared from the room——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 907:


Chapter 924, Terrify ghosts and Gods as the blade is lifted



The city gate of Matchless Blade City.

Sunset.

Silhouetted against the light, a young man in white slowly stretched out his palm.

His fair jade-like fingers clasped around the handle of the broken blade, and gently made a pulling motion.

Without the slightest sound or fluctuation of power, the broken blade, as though it was picked up from the water, was pulled straight out of the city gate and firmly held in the hand of the man in white.

At this moment, the wind was howling and the scarlet red silk fabric at the hilt of the sword was flapping in the wind, like a warm and angry flame was leaping about. The originally dim blade body erupted in a display of dazzling light, as though the glow of the sunset had been absorbed into the broken blade.

“He pulled it out?”

“Success!”

“Great... finally, someone pulled it out!”

The martial arts experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain found it difficult to contain themselves when they saw this.

Finally after ten days, someone had pulled out the broken blade.

They've finally waited for this moment.

The heart of these martial artists, who were disappointed and ready to give up, was violently beating again.

At this moment, wielding the broken blade in his right hand, the young man in white stretched out his left hand toward the void behind, and bellowed, “Come, blade.”

The crowd was puzzled.

Before his voice faded.

Swoosh!

A stream of light landed in the palm of his hand.

Everybody were taken aback, and upon a closer look, were incredibly shocked to find that that what fell into the palm of the youngster was a broken blade. It was the head of [Matchless Blade].

Next they saw the young man slowly connecting it with the other part of the truncated blade, and following a tinkling sound the cracks were joined back together in a complete manner.

Nobody understood why he did that. The blade had been broken, and unless it was recasted by a master, [Matchless Blade] would not restore the power it had in the past.

But the next scene was a huge shock that almost made the eyes of all the martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain fall off.

The man in white relaxed his left hand. The broken blade really had joined back together, the markings were glowing and the formations hidden in the body of the [Matchless Blade] miraculously began to operate without the slightest obstruction.

“How is that possible?”

“Miracle!”

The crowd broke into astonished shrieks.

None of the people could understand the scene.

The blade had been broken, and the formation markings must have been destroyed; it was impossible for it to be operating again.

The young man ran his finger gently over the body of the blade, seemingly wiping off the dust at the edge. As his finger moved along every inch of the blade it grew increasingly brighter and by the time his finger reached the tip of the sword, [Matchless Blade] seemed to have underwent a strange change. It looked different from before, yet the crowd could not tell what was going on. They finally heard the young man in white speak, “With the [Matchless Blade], the sunset blazes like a demon, terrifying ghosts and Gods with the rise of the blade, and sending mountains and rivers quaking as the blade falls... From now on, [Matchless Blade] will not break again.”

The crowd felt their blood burning and their mind wavered when they heard this.

Ding!

The young man flicked his finger on the blade body, trembling and ringing the blade, like the cry of a tiger or dragon. In the distance, between the west mountain peaks, as the last ray of golden sun fell, it shone onto the new sword. All of a sudden the blade body seemed to be blazing. The scene was incredibly gorgeous and mysterious, as though it had been heated by the sunset. The beautiful moment was forever engraved in the minds of all the people present.

For a moment, all experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain almost forgot to breathe.

Who was he?

Everyone was asking silently in their hearts again.

A voice sounded in the sky, “Who are you? You pulled out the blade, are you going to challenge me?”

Wen Fusheng, who had been condescending and cold, finally opened his mouth and spoke. He realized that the strength of the young man in white was even more terrifying than he had thought.

“Challenge you?” The young man slowly turned around, revealing his handsome and masculine face as he looked up to the Void at the demon-like shadow, gave a faint smile, and said, “You don’t deserve to.”

“Nonsense!” Wen Fusheng snapped, erupting out the power of law and sending the heavens and earth quaking, “If I do not deserve to, then who does?”

But the young man in white did not answer, transformed into a stream of light, and directly sped away in the direction of the Matchless Blade City residence.

“Wait, the master of this blade will come and kill you.”

The thunderous voice resounded between Heaven and earth.

At the same time, a more than thirty-year-old bearded man, as though he had suffered a lightning shock, suddenly cried out, “It’s him? To think it’s him?”

“Who?”

“Do you know him?”

Countless eyes fell on the bearded man.

“Ye Qingyu... Ye Qingyu, the invincible Lord of the Light Palace. He had come at last.” The bearded man’s voice trembled with excitement. When he saw the incomparably handsome face as the young man in white turned around and looked up, he immediately recognized him. This face was indeed too unforgettable. Three years ago in Youyan Pass, he had witnessed how Ye Qingyu killed the ancient demon with god-like powers.

He had firmly remembered Ye Qingyu's face at that time.

And today he recognized him as soon as he saw him.

Everybody's face lit up when they heard the bearded martial artist said this.

“The young man was like a jade, incomparably handsome... Yes, it is Palace Lord Ye Qingyu, that unmatched graceful bearing, only the name Ye Qingyu could match up to it, hahaha, he finally came!”

The crowd was bubbling with excitement.

……

Matchless Blade City residence.

In the room.

Qin Zhishui was helped onto bed, as he lost consciousness again.

Huang Shi was sobbing, while the other masters of Matchless Blade City did not know what to do. At this time, the sunset had finally disappeared in the horizon.

“At worst we go fight back with our lives, Matchless Blade City can't be humiliated...” A supreme elder of Matchless Blade City was about to say something when he turned to the door in surprise, saying, “You... who are you? How did you get in here... Hey?”

His eyes went wide with extreme shock, and could not continue his sentence.

He saw that in the hand of the young man in white, who appeared at the door of the room without warning, was the [Matchless Blade]

The complete [Matchless Blade].

The other people also found it strange.

Someone wanted to question further, but suddenly everything in front of him blurred. The young man in white had come to the bedside, stretching out his left hand, and pressed on Qin Zhishui’s head.

“Who are you? Husband...” Huang Shi instinctively wanted to rush over when she saw a stranger near her husband.

The supreme elder pulled her back, shaking his head lightly, “Don't move, it's... it's Lord Ye Qingyu...” When he said this, he looked incredibly excited and even his voice was trembling, because he had recognized who the man who made a sudden appearance was and what the words ‘he came’ that Qin Zhishui said was referring to.

They have been waiting so long. Lord Ye Qingyu had finally come.

He's finally here!

Although some of the other core experts of Matchless Blade City did not recognize the young man in white, but seeing the optimistic look on the supreme elder’s face, they immediately realized that he was a friend and not an enemy.

“Wa...” Qin Zhishui suddenly spurted out a jet of black blood, and an extremely foul smell filled the room. The young man in white slowly withdrew his hand, as Qin Zhishui opened his eyes, the gloomy color on his face was instantly gone. He sprang up, his movements swift and no longer weak like before. As soon as he opened his eyes and saw the man in front of him, his face lit up with joy, “Brother Ye Qingyu, you're here, great!”

Everybody's jaw dropped.

Qin Zhishui did not seem injured at all?

The young man in white smiled, “Lucky, I didn't come too late.”

He was naturally Ye Qingyu who left Snow capital in a hurry to come to Matchless Blade City.

The matter that Wen Fusheng had challenged Matchless Blade City occurred before Ye Qingyu returned to Heaven Wasteland Domain. After Ye Qingyu dealt with the affairs of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, stayed a day in the Light City, and still did not see the Empress come out from training, he decided to first come to Matchless Blade City. Luckily he came in time.

At this time, the other people in the room were also aware of his identity.

“We pay our respects to Palace Lord Ye Qingyu.”

Everyone was so excited that they simultaneously kowtowed.

Of all the sects, Matchless Blade City was the first to turn to the officials of the empire, so they had long seen themselves as its members. It was only right for them to kowtow to Ye Qingyu. In addition to the fact that the internal disciples were deeply influenced and assimilated to the etiquette of officials, there was a more important reason, and that is, Ye Qingyu was an idol of the Heaven Wasteland martial arts world.

“Please get up.” Ye Qingyu lifted his hand, and an invisible force gushed out, lifting everyone up.

“Brother Ye Qingyu, you have come at the right time, it is unknown what Wen Fusheng's purpose is to anger Heaven Wasteland Domain. He is merciless and nobody could win against him. He had destroyed a lot of experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain... Sigh, I am not good enough, and was unable to defeat him. I have to ask brother Ye Qingyu to help out.” Qin Zhishui was both ashamed and furious.

Ye Qingyu shook his head lightly, “I can't.”

Qin Zhishui was puzzled.

Ye Qingyu smiled and handed over the blade in his hand.

Qin Zhishui was taken aback for a moment, before he exclaimed in astonishment, “[Matchless Blade]? Recasted? This... No, this blade?” His cultivation base was very high, and was incredibly familiar with the [Matchless Blade]. In one glance he immediately knew that although the blade looked the same as before, it in fact contained the power of terror, and was several times more powerful than before.

“The blade is in your hand, go kill him,” Ye Qingyu said. “Three blades, take back your glory of the [Matchless Blade King].”

Qin Zhishui received the new [Matchless Blade], when it suddenly bloomed out bright dazzling rays of light and flames engulfed his arm. The next moment, he felt a hot force emitting from the hilt of the blade, pouring into his body. Before he could react, the yuan qi in his body seemed to have been ignited by this heat, and the intense warmth instantly dispersed into his limbs and bones. His body produced bursts of crackling noise, which then turned into cries of dragons and tigers, as though there were a dragon and tiger in his body——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 908:


Chapter 925, Mountains and rivers quake as the blade falls

Qin Zhishui's aura had unbelievably and incredibly soared, an indescribable force surging out his body.

The masters of Matchless Blade City in the hall all opened their eyes wide, filled with great shock.

What was going on?

Why would the strength of the City Lord be restored when he held the blade, and why did it also rise dramatically?

……

In the sky.

Wen Fusheng had already lost his patience.

He naturally heard what Ye Qingyu said before he left.

The owner of the blade will come and kill me?

Haha, that Qin Zhishui?

What a joke.

At this time, he already knew of the identity of the young man in white from the excited discussion among the Heaven Wasteland Domain experts below. However, not only was he not worried, instead he was bursting with excitement. His visit to Heaven Wasteland Domain this time, and his purpose of crushing the martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain was originally to lure out Ye Qingyu, and now the [Ice Sword Killing God] had finally come.

Wen Fusheng began to gather up yuan qi, enhance his strength, and release his imposing manner.

Dark clouds rolled in, centering around him, releasing a frightening and oppressive power, and in an instant the entire Matchless Blade City was shrouded in the boundless black clouds. The black clouds spiraled around like a vortex, twisting and tearing above Wen Fusheng, as if demons were about to crawl out of hell and descend onto the world, causing all living beings below to tremble.

“Ye Qingyu, since you have come, why pretend to be mysterious? Come out.”

Wen Fusheng spoke. The sound waves like the anger of a demon shook the heavens and earth.

He slammed his hand down.

Instantly a huge palm print spread across the sky, covering over thousands of kilometers, and directly smashed down at the Matchless Blade City residence.

In the sky, air exploded and light twisted.

“Not good!”

“Be careful!”

“No, what is this power?”

Countless martial arts experts were instantly shocked by the sight.

They realized that the foreign domain overlord had unexpectedly been holding back his strength before. The power that he had unleashed this time was simply too terrifying that it seemed to not belong to the martial arts of this world, and was comparable to the palm of a fiendgod. With one slam he was able to destroy half of Matchless Blade City.

Could Palace Lord Ye Qingyu really withstand this attack?

Many people were on tenterhooks.

Watching the giant black palm about to bury the Matchless Blade City residence, a sudden change happened.

A wisp of blade light shot out from the Matchless Blade City residence.

When the blade light initially appeared, it resembled a wisp of pale starlight on a dark night, almost unnoticeable compared with the tremendous demonic black palm.

Behind, it was followed by a person, with a force like an arrow released from the bowstring, soaring into the sky.

But... he was not the Lord of the Light Palace Ye Qingyu who everybody excepted.

It was Qin Zhishui.

[Matchless Blade King] Qin Zhishui.

It was Qin Zhishui, who did not even change into an armour, wearing a thin inner robe.

It's Qin Zhishui?

After distinguishing the identity of the person behind the blade light, besides shock, the fire of hope that was ignited in the hearts of countless martial arts experts was instantly destroyed. Although they did not know why the serious wounded [Matchless Blade King] still had the power to fight, it was clear that no matter how powerful his will was, no matter how fiercely he resists, nobody thought he had the strength to defeat Wen Fusheng.

Why didn't Ye Qingyu do anything?

Many people were asking this question.

At the same time, Qin Zhishui, who was charging toward the giant hand like a moth flying into a flame, made a move.

The [Matchless Blade] was gently raised and swung backhand.

All of a sudden, the starlight grew bright and clear.

That dull starlight bloomed out an unbelievable divine light, illuminating the world like it was day. That divine light transformed into a giant shadow of a blade that was thousands of meters long, and effortlessly struck and destroyed the giant hand like slicing butter with a hot knife. The force did not end there either as it continued to split this stretch of the sky...

Suddenly, not a sound could be heard.

It was not only martial arts experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain, even Wen Fusheng, who was standing in the void, was frozen in shock.

That blade was... too amazing!

There was such a blade technique like that in this world?

The wind howled, blowing across the three thousand kilometers of mountains and rivers.

Under the sky were all spectators of the battle.

Wen Fusheng's expression gradually grew solemn, staring at Qin Zhishui, staring at the [Matchless Blade] in Qin Zhishui's hand, and asked in a low voice, “What is this blade technique?”

Qin Zhishui did not respond.

He had come to meet the enemy in a hurry, and did not have time to put on a suit of armour. At this moment, wearing an inner garment, hair loosely draped over his shoulders, he looked extremely miserable, but as the wind fluttered his black hair, it was as though wisps of silent black flames were blazing in anger. There was an indescribable imposing manner and the movements of his sword were like autumn water flowing in the void.

He swung his blade up again.

The second blade moved.

A wisp of blade light that was like a dark star again grew as dazzling as silver!

Wen Fusheng cried out, immediately felt the unparalleled sharp blade intent locking on him, and before the blade light had arrived there was already a sharp pain spreading across his body.

He instantly realized that he could not defend against this blade, and by the time he wanted to dodge, it was too already late, the invisible blade light had already penetrated his body.

The blade light forced its way straight to the Ninth Heaven, creating huge thousands-of-meter cracks across the demonic clouds in the sky.

The cold moonlight sprinkled through the cracks, and sparsely specks of starlight could be seen flickering in the cracks.

The strange scene across Heaven and earth was incredibly beautiful.

Everyone's breathing stopped for a moment.

The martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain all wore the same expression, staring blankly up at the silent figure that had set foot in the void, unable to believe that the earth-shattering blade light really was unleashed from the [Matchless Blade King] who was defeated in the hands of Wen Fusheng ten days ago. If he had such strength then why would he lose ten days ago? But without such strength, how could the scene be explained?

Wen Fusheng's body was frozen in the void.

His eyes were flashing a frightened and puzzled light, staring firmly at Qin Zhishui, and said in a hoarse voice, “This is not you... no...”

Before his voice faded, there were wisps of blade light being released from his body, like strands of flowing silver were twisting around him. Before he could say anything more, he was already drowned in the glittering silver blade light. His body shattered like broken porcelain, exploding into fragments and powder.

A wisp of black-red light burst forth from fragments, and after a shriek, darted away toward the distant sky.

Qin Zhishui did not give chase, but silently lifted his blade once again.

With the [Matchless Blade], the sunset blazes like a demon, terrifying ghosts and Gods with the rise of the blade, and sending mountains and rivers quaking as the blade falls!

This was the final blade move, and no longer a dim star.

This blade was the final blade move, a cloud of haze.

“Terrify ghosts and Gods with the rise of the blade, and sending mountains and rivers quaking as the blade falls”.

The blade light transformed into a beautiful red haze that filled the sky, instantly covering this void. The black demonic clouds seemed to have been ignited as they instantly drifted away like smoke. The red cloud of haze swiftly caught up with the black-red shadow that had already gone hundreds of kilometers away, setting it into flames, and sending it dissipating between the heavens and earth.

The enemy was killed in three blades.

In the vast and cold sky there were only specks of stars and the moon.

The moonlight of Matchless Blade City was always intoxicating.

But at this time no one could appreciate the beautiful scenery.

All gazes, except one man, were focused on the man in the Void with disheveled hair and dressed in an inner garment.

The experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain were both shocked and excited.

He had killed Wen Fusheng in three moves, and finally stood up for the martial arts world of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

These three blades had brought the morale of the martial artists that had fallen to its lowest point wildly skyrocketing, strengthened the Heaven Wasteland Domain experts, as well as prevented the martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain from becoming a laughing stock. And such a legendary accomplishment would soon stir the entire domain. Then, at that time, Matchless Blade City would undoubtedly become the shrine of martial arts in the domain again, and the reputation of Qin Zhishui of Matchless Blade City will undoubtedly rise wildly, becoming recognized as the strongest in the martial arts world of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Of course, some people also realized that the reason Qin Zhishui turned a defeat into victory was absolutely related to the Lord of the Light Palace Ye Qingyu.

Thinking back to the earth-shaking scene at Matchless Blade City, when Ye Qingyu pulled out the blade with one hand, fused the broken blades together, and the blade intent swallowed up the sky, many experts of Heaven Wasteland Domain had vaguely guessed some of the truth. It was most likely that Palace Lord Ye Qingyu had enhanced the power of [Matchless Blade], which led to the miracle seen. But even so, no one dared to underestimate the power of the present Qin Zhishui, because who could be sure whether Qin Zhishui could unleash a fourth blade, a fifth blade, or even a sixth blade with the same power... or even countless blades?

Matchless Blade City residence.

Qin Zhishui’s wife Huang Shi was standing at the door of the room, surrounded by countless experts and disciples of Matchless Blade City, crying tears of joy.

As a wife, fame and prestige were not as important than the safety of her husband. Seeing that her husband had finally defeated the opponent, she could not help but shed tears of joy. This was the happiest thing to her. The past ten days, for this gentle young woman, was as tormenting as being hacked to pieces. Fortunately, there was finally nothing to worry about.

Reaching out and wiping away the tears, Huang Shi gazed curiously at the young man in white not far away.

She had heard of the name of the Lord of the Light Palace, Ye Qingyu, the unrivalled figure that had shaken the martial world of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Let alone the fact that she was the wife of the City Lord of Matchless Blade City, even many children would have heard the name Ye Qingyu before. He was simply too famous in Heaven Wasteland Domain, like the sun at noon. His prestige was even comparable to the first Empress of Heaven Wasteland Domain in history. Huang Shi had also heard her husband Qin Zhishui mention about how he had fought side by side with Ye Qingyu, but she did not expect this famous person to be so young and so handsome, and looked like a young man under the age of twenty.

It was fortunate that her husband was friends with someone like him.

It would be nice if her child could become his disciple in the future——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

