Chapter 213:


Chapter 214 - Did you went to have a secret love affair?

“Woof, master, why are you smiling like that…" the silly little dog was lying on the prayer mat napping. Seeing that Ye Qingyu returned, he asked in a strange tone, "Hmm, how do you describe it… it seems, it seems like as if you have just returned from a secret love affair.”

Pak!

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand and gave him a flick on the head.

Love affair?

Did this damn dog really knew what love affair meant?

He had completely learnt the wrong things.

Ye Qingyu was infuriated in his heart. This stupid dog had become less and less cute recently. When he could not speak, although he was silly, at the very least he was cute and adorable. But right now when he could speak, what came out of his mouth were things of a completely dubious nature. His adorable face seemed to have transformed into a mocking expression, no matter how you looked at him, you wanted to beat him up.

"Woof, woof, it hurts. Little silver, quickly spit at him." The silly little dog Little Nine teared up, barking with tears in his eyes.

The little silver dragon floated in the air, turning to look at Little Nine, then turned to look at Ye Qingyu. He let out a low excited and lively cry, flashing to the side of Ye Qingyu. He used his little horns to lightly rub against Ye Qingyu's head, nimbly twisting his tail and acting coquettishly. He completely ignored Little Nine.

"Woof, traitor…" The silly dog Little Nine was dumbfounded, struck deeply. " You said you would listen to whatever I said? From now on, I won't bring you out to eat delicious things."

Delicious things?

As he mentioned this, Ye Qingyu suddenly thought of something.

He lifted his head to give the silly dog another flick on his forehead, angrily saying, "Be honest, where have you ran to in these days? Why have the people of the [Breeze and Drizzle building] say that a white dog carrying a silver snake that can fly was stealing stuff from the restaurant? Could it be that you are bringing Little Silver to do bad things?" "Errr… woof, woof, bad things? How can this be possible… Oh, that's right, Master, I suddenly thought that I have something to do. You should first slowly discuss this with Little Silver, I'll come back in a while…" Little Nine instantly diverted the subject left and right, his manner panicked. Like a bolt of lightning, he shot towards the window.

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly, arching his finger.

Pang!

The originally open window was, without knowing when, suddenly sealed by a layer of ice. Little Nine struck on this layer of thin ice and was rebounded backwards, golden stars appearing in his vision. He stumbled and spun, as if he was drunk.

Ye Qingyu lifted him up by the neck and said in both a laughing and angry manner, "Speak truthfully, did you really go steal things? Did you bring back any stolen items and stored it here?" "Woof, woof, how could I? Master, I'm so cute, saying things like this is insulting the honour of a dog. I would definitely not go steal things…" Little Nine righteously refuted this accusation, four of his little paws scrabbling about in the air, struggling, but also trying to please Ye Qingyu with a smile at the same time.

Before he finished.

Xiu!

Little Silver waved his tail, shooting through the air, indicating that Ye Qingyu should follow him.

"Woof?" Little Nine had a bad premonition.

Then Little Silver really led Ye Qingyu along the way. Ye Qingyu followed him to one of the storage rooms behind the quiet area of the fourth floor.

The originally completely empty room, without knowing when, had already been completely filled with all sorts of assorted items. Most of them were food or alcohol. There was a strange smell that came over one when the door was opened. There were also some faint and indistinct rare herbs as well as some glimmering metals… "Fuck…" Ye Qingyu's face was completely dark, already without the energy to swear.

There was no need to ask anymore.

These items, must have been stolen by the glutton Little Nine.

This is completely going against the heavens. Stealing so many items and secretly storing them here, if the owners of these lost items came to find him, then it was completely like yellow soil smeared on Ye Qingyu's trousers; even if it was not shit, it would be called shit. He could not completely explain what had happened. At that time he could only butcher this glutton as reparation for those lost owners.

Little Silver proudly cried about his achievement of revealing this crime. His tail pointed at the items, then pointed at Little Nine, completely pointing at the original perpetrator "You little fellow, you want to change as an eyewitness."

Ye Qingyu remembered that the shopkeeper of the [Breeze and Drizzle building] had mentioned that it was a little white dog carrying a little silver snake that can fly. The so called little silver snake that can fly must be Little Silver.

After Little Silver was glared at by Ye Qingyu, it obediently flew to his head, burying himself into his head. It pretended it was a silver-coloured hairpin, not daring to move in the slightest.

The silly dog Little Nine was so infuriated that he was gnashing his teeth. "Woof, woof. Little Silver, today I will say these words: our friendship is finished, completely and utterly finished."

Little Silver pretended to be dead in Ye Qingyu's hair, not even emitting a sound.

Ye Qingyu could not even laugh or cry.

All the pets that he raised were complete lunatics.

"I'll give you fifteen minutes to completely clear out the items here. From now on you're not allowed to bring these things back. If you are captured by someone, then you can just wait to be skinned for dog meat for the pot." Ye Qingyu threw Little Nine in to the heap of miscellaneous items, turning and leaving.

…… ……

Deep into the night, it was quiet.

In a normal and common little inn.

"Sister, why are you so well-mannered towards that bastard today?" under the light of the dim old lamp, the ponytailed little girl said grumpily.

The Song Xiaojun who had her mask taken off was wearing a short dress with bare feet. She was hugging the little toy white bear, silently sitting on the bed, seeming to be in a daze thinking of something. Hearing the words of the ponytailed girl, she had a face of confusion as she lifted her head, "Ah?" "Aaaaaaaaaaaa." The pigtailed little girl pulled at her own braid letting out a quiet sharp scream. Then she said helplessly, "Sister, what's up with you today? Ever since you came from the [Common Liquor House], you've been in a complete daze, as if you have lost your soul. Hey, are you still thinking about that bad person?" "What bad person?" Song Xiaojun lazily laid back on the bed.

The ponytailed girl jumped up and said secretively, "That little person that came over to try and strike a conversation. You must not be fooled by him, I've seen that person's cruel and vicious methods. In the [Breeze and Drizzle building] I saw, with my own eyes, him poisonously killing Blood Flame and White Lizard. He's a butcher, a mad killer." "Oh, him…" Song Xiaojun kneaded the little bear in her embrace, stretching her delicate little legs straight. This emitted a snow white glow in the light, placing her feet under the duvet. "That person, he's strange." "Strange? Ai, this is finished. You would think such things, curiosity is the most obvious and first signs that a woman is about to fall…" The ponytailed girl sighed tragically, a complete picture of grief and inconsolable sadness.

"What foolish things are you saying?" Song Xiaojun used the little toy bear to hit the ponytailed girl.

"Ouch, ouch, ouch…" The ponytailed girl evaded these strikes with a smile, saying with a laugh, "I was joking. But sister, why did you say so many things with him. You spoke to him three times. Do you know, you have never ever spoken more than two times with any male before…"

Song Xiaojun sat by the side, leaning against the pillow, her face against the little toy bear, while she said, "That person, is somewhat strange?" "Strange? Just where is he strange?" The ponytailed girl was taken aback.

"En, on his body, there is the aura of the power of darkness," Song Xiaojun said thoughtfully.

"Eh? How is this possible?" the ponytailed girl sharply screeched. "Could it be that bad person, is someone of our Unmoving City of Darkness?" "I don't know." Song Xiaojun comfortably stretched her back. "Therefore, I thought, if he really is someone of the Unmoving City of Darkness, then he should recognize me. But the Song Xiaojun he mentioned…Xiaoxian, have you heard of the name Song Xiaojun before?"

The name of this ponytailed girl was called Xiaoxian. "I haven't, this fellow must be spouting nonsense.

Song Xiaojun did not say anything more.

She did not know why, but when she looked at this white-clothed youth, there was an extremely peculiar sensation. It was a sensation she had never experienced before, as if she had once met such a person before at someplace. It was hard to say just what it was. When she saw a stranger, she would instinctively keep them at a distance. But when she looked at him, there was an inexplicable closeness…

Why was this white-robed youth special?

She was not sure.

Looking at the little bear in her embrace, she once again thought of the mystery that had plagued her.

Just where had this little toy bear come from. Why was it that she did not have the slightest of memory of it? But in her subconscious, she felt that it was incomparably important, as if it was the second part of her life. Every time she felt agitated, as long as she held this little bear and slept, she would have a sweet dream.

She felt that she had overlooked something.

Or as if she had forgotten something.

But the ancient memories that came from the bloodline in her body told her that she had not lost anything or abandoned anything. She was the King of the Unmoving City of Darkness, a ruler that controlled the darkness of the Past, the Present, and the Future. She awaited the day that the glory of the past would once again be recovered.

She was called Darkness

The ruler of the power of darkness.

Who was Song Xiaojun? …… ……

The morning of the second day.

Huang Zhen really brought Jin Ling'er to White Horse tower.

Bai Yuanxing did not know why his master would recruit an immature and young little fellow as the first person recruited by the White Horse tower. However, he still very passionately received Jin Ling'er. After all, in the days following Ye Qingyu, he had seen too many strange things, and so Bai Yuanxing had already gotten somewhat used to it.

After introducing the rules of the White Horse tower in detail to Jin Ling'er, Bai Yuanxing said with a smile, "Little brother Jin, after coming to the White Horse tower, all the things you say and do must first consider the face of our Marquis. You cannot be as free as you were before. There are three days of holidays in a month, you can return and visit your family. The large majority of the time, you have to stay here and cultivate…"

As he was saying these things, Ye Qingyu came down from upstairs.

"Uncle, I've come." Jin Ling'er came over excitedly.

Ye Qingyu felt black lines on his forehead. "Call me brother, I'm only sixteen." "Okay, Uncle," Jin Ling'er obediently answered.

This little brat.

After a conversation, Huang Zhen expressed her thanks to Ye Qingyu once again. Only then could she rest assured and leave. As one of the most popular herbal masters of Hundred Herb Hall, she needed to quickly return and handle business.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 214:


Chapter 215 - Could it be he was Marquis Ye?

“Yuanxing, you bring Ling'er to the Vanguard to test his martial heart, meridians and talent. Come back and report back to me." For Ye Qingyu to teach this little brat, he first needed to investigate clearly the talent and foundations of Ling'er. There were no testing implements or formations within the White Horse tower, so he needed to borrow the power of the Vanguard.

Ye Qingyu directed.

Right now, Ye Qingyu could already be counted as someone belonging to the Vanguard. Bai Yuanxing had gone many times to the Vanguard, so he was extremely familiar with the people in the Vanguard.

Bai Yuanxing prepared a little, then brought Jin[1] [2] Ling'er out.

After Ye Qingyu had finished the breakfast Mother Wu prepared and finished his cultivation training in the early morning, he changed into a fresh set of clothes. He also departed.

He did not have any particular aim, two hands behind his back, strolling on the streets and merging with the flow of people.

…… ……

Four hours later.

Noon.

[Common Liquor House].

Ye Qingyu, while laughing, pushed open the short door. A hot and bustling atmosphere came surging out.

"You little kid, you dare to come again?" A large man, seeing Ye Qingyu, instantly slapped the table and stood up, shouting, "Brother, come out. This little brat has come again. Yesterday’s matters were far too shameful. How is it that so many people would have fallen to this little kid, today we must not lose… Little kid, let’s compete in drinking alcohol, do you dare?"

Ye Qingyu laughed uproariously. "Come, come, come. Whoever doesn't dare is a grandson."

Everyone chuckled greatly within the [Common Liquor House].

The female proprietor with the figure of a bucket rushed over as she heard the news. When she saw Ye Qingyu, her smile and eyes were so great that they formed narrow cracks.

Very quickly, the loud sounds of drinking games began exploding madly within this little liquor house. With Ye Qingyu at its center, a group of large and burly men surrounded him with red faces, their fists madly moving, spit and saliva flying anywhere. Ye Qingyu did not reject anyone, lifting one of his legs on the table, unrolling his sleeves and sticking out his chest, yelling loudly as he played…

There was clamorous laughter everywhere within the liquor house.

"Hey, have you heard, on the Yong'an Street, there has been someone who died. There were several that were beaten alive by the people of the sects." "I've heard about it already. I heard that the scum of the sects used the excuse to capture demons to obstruct the way of a young lady. They wanted to search her body no matter what, and the mother of this girl wanted to halt them, but both her legs were broken. This was just so tragic; they do this without regard for laws and heavens. The end result was that there were experts of the army who could not bear to watch this and wanted to punish these six scums of the sects. These scum were beaten alive on the streets…"

Within the liquor house, there were people loudly discussing.

Noon was namely the time of lunch. There were more and more people entering into the liquor house, and all sorts of assorted information from various channels passed through the mouths of the customers to this place.

The people who came after, familiarly and easily immersed themselves into such discussion.

"It is not only the Yong'an Street. On the main West Road, there were tens of experts from the sects that were also beaten to death… It was said that it was because tens of these fellows accused the [Zhen Pavilion store] of hiding Demon Race within. They forced entry to search, breaking many things, and furthermore wanted to steal the treasures of that store. The consequence was that there was a bystander nearby that killed them all, punch by punch…" "That ferocious? Why is the city so chaotic these days?" "Do you still not know? Even the patriarch of the Xuan school was killed by someone. It was said that his entire body was sealed in ice, turning into an ice sculpture. Then, under the harsh glare of the sun, his body melted along with the ice, turning into a puddle of water…" "I've heard that, there was someone that began greatly killing in the morning, targeting those fellows of the sects that acted out of line." "You guys still do not know? It's the heroic martial Marquis Ye Qingyu cleaning up the trash…" there was someone who mysteriously said this phrase.

The people by the side instantly became interested.

"Marquis Ye? You mean the Marquis Ye that directly fought against the Zhang San at White Horse tower previously?" "If not him, then who else? Do you guys not even know this? That day in Hundred Herb Hall, Marquis Ye saw the people of the Violet Seven Stars sect making things difficult for the family of a fallen warrior of [Youyan army]. Under his rage, he told them to spread the word to all the sects in Youyan Pass, telling to be a little more honest. If they cause any more trouble, then he would show no mercy. It’s said that all the small and large sects that came to the city have been enraged by his words…"

The previous young man who spoke acted like if he was telling a story. He recounted the matters that had occurred in the Hundred Herb Hall all over again.

In these days, the military citizens of Youyan Pass had experienced the hardship caused by the sects. Hearing the young man saying such words, there was instantly people cheering around him.

The people of the liquor house were slowly attracted by this topic of discussion, everyone conversing. The Ye Qingyu that was competing in drinking alcohol with the burly men was slowly overlooked.

The young man seeing that more and more people surrounded him, became more and more excited.

He drank a cup of tea, then continued on, "Marquis Ye under his rage, spoke his words of warnings to all the large sects. But everyone knows, this crowd of Jianghu people are cucumbers, every one of them needing a slap. Hearing the warning of Marquis Ye, they felt their dignity was challenged, and they had been insulted. There were some people that jumped out, deliberately going against Marquis Ye. This morning, there were some people of the sects that does not fear death that caused chaos intentionally, challenging Marquis Ye's line…" "This bunch of trash that deserves to die!" "These people of the sects really are a laughing stock. Every one of them are known as experts, but they do not fight with the Demon Race. These years, if not for the [Youyan army] defending the borders, it is most likely that more than half the region of the Empire would fall into the hands of the Demon Race. But these fellows still think they are so great, looking down on the warriors and soldiers of the [Youyan army]…" "That's right. In these days, they caused trouble within the Pass, not doing anything right."

The people around them involuntarily began cursing.

There was someone who asked impatiently, "Don't interrupt. Continue to speak, did Marquis Ye act?"

The young man leisurely drank a mouthful of tea, taking a deliberate pause. Only then did he continue. "Of course, he acted. You guys already said previously. Yong'an Street, the main West road, as well as the incident in the [Zhen pavilion]. It was said that it was Marquis Ye who had taken action. Hehe, this Marquis Ye could be counted as ferocious, doing as he says. From this morning onwards, he spared no mercy at all. A punch after another, he killed the people of the sects who caused needless trouble …"

Si!Si![3]

There were cold inhalations of shock all around.

"How do you know it is Marquis Ye who did this?" someone said suspiciously. "Could it not be someone else who had acted?"

The young man looked at this person in disdain. "This matter has already spread out greatly outside. There are many people who personally witnessed Marquis Ye acting. You guys should not be aware that the entire Youyan Pass is boiling right now…"

Everyone was mute and speechless.

Half a moment later, there was someone that asked a question in a low voice, "What do you guys think, just what does Marquis Ye looks like? He really did something that greatly pleases the heart of everyone. Previously, when the military had publicized the actions of Marquis Ye, I did not particularly believe it. But right now, I believe it entirely. I feel that we need more hard men like Marquis Ye in the army of Youyan Pass that will stand and speak out at the crucial time." "Does that even need to be said. For a hero like Marquis Ye, he must be eight feet tall, wearing golden armour, like a bronze giant…" "Nonsense, I've heard that Marquis Ye is still very young." "Even if he was any younger, he must be around thirty-five years old. For his strength to be so great, he needs time to train and cultivate. But for an expert of that realm, he really can be counted as really young.”

The crowd began discussing excitedly.

The other side.

Ye Qingyu once again obtained victory in competing to drink alcohol.

The seven or eight burly men that came from an armed escort company once again fell on the table, completely drunk.

"Just who is this little brat, he can drink so much." "He has a special constitution?" "He really cannot be drunk even after a thousand cups."

The gazes of the people once again returned to this side.

At this moment—

Kadong.

The short door of the liquor house was heavily pushed open.

There were people charging in.

Tens of people, wearing white-coloured morning garments and apparel rushed in. There was someone who held a mourning staff draped in white[1] held at a funeral to show filial piety. The person as the lead had a muscular body and a bristle-like beard. He had a ferocious expression, eyes completely red, like a small giant. He came thudding over, killing intent emanating from him that instantly terrified people around him.

The other tens of people following him, also had vicious and furious expressions, their gazes as if they wanted to eat someone.

When these tens of people entered, the originally bustling atmosphere of the [Common Liquor House] was frozen. There was an icy atmosphere in the air, and the smiles on everyone’s face froze. It was as if there was a cold and chilling blade pressed against their throat.

"Those who are not related, scram outside," the muscular man with a bristly beard ferociously shouted these words.

Everyone looked at each other, not knowing what this fellow meant.

"Who are you?" There was someone who did not accept his command, slapping his table and sneering. "What do you mean?"

Xiu!

A blade shot through the air onto that person's table, constantly quivering.

"The Xuan school is seeking revenge. Those that have nothing to do with this, retreat. When we fight later, swords and spears have no eyes. If we kill anyone by mistake, don't blame us." Behind the burly man, a tall and slim person wearing coarse mourning garments roared in rage.

Xuan school?

The faces of everyone in the liquor house changed.

A person from the sects? "What are you looking at. All scram out. I'll count to three, if you don't scram, I'll slaughter you bunch of trash." Another disciple of the Xuan school unsheathed the blade at his waist, killing intent boiling. He directly kicked a table nearby, sending a customer flying out.

There was instantly the sound of shock and curses in the r[4] oom.

"Marquis Ye, Marquis Ye. Today you must give us your explanation. Why have you killed our master?" The muscular man at the lead looked at the center of the room.

Marquis Ye?

All the screams and curses halted abruptly.

Everyone followed the gazes of the muscular man, seeing a crowd of seven or eight men completely dazed on the floor drunk.

What did he mean?

Marquis Ye was one of the drunk men?

Hey, that's not right. There was someone that was not drunk.

The white-clothed youth with a shocking tolerance for alcohol.

He was sitting at the table with a calm expression, holding his chin as he coldly regarded this crowd of Xuan school people.

Could it be… this white-robed youth…

He was… Ye Qingyu?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 215:


Chapter 216 - Drinking some alcohol and killing some people

Countless gazes gathered on Ye Qingyu's figure.

The female proprietor that had a figure like a bucket exchanged a glance with her worker, completely not daring to believe in their guess.

The entire liquor house was in a state where they could not form a single thought.

This was apart from the mess of drunken men that had caused a complete mess by their vomiting.[1] [2] They were currently sweetly sleeping and snoring.

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth to let out a burp, a hand on the coarse jar of alcohol. "Just who are you people. First report your names, let me see, if I have killed your people. This morning, I've killed far too many, I can't remember… Hm, you're asking for the reason I killed? Normally, there is only one, and that is that they should die." "Ridiculous!" "Impudence!" "You're looking to die!"

The disciples of the Xuan sect, began roaring in rage.

"The person surnamed Ye, if you do not give us a satisfactory answer today, then the entire Xuan sect, even if we all die in battle, we will fight for justice," The man with the needle-like beard shouted in anger and then continued ranting, "I don't care what kind of Marquis you are. A life for a life. Matters in Jianghu are decided by the blade and the sword." "Xuan sect? Your master? Oh, the shameless person that wanted to rob the treasure of the [Zhen pavilion]?" Ye Qingyu lightly tapped on the coarse jar of alcohol, and said while laughing, "I killed him. You want to take revenge for him?" "Nonsense. Our master is someone with status, how could he do that sort of thing. It must be you, you deliberately framed him…" the man with beard angrily contradicted this.

"There are too many people with status. Who says that people with status cannot do bad things? Just what kind of nonsensical logic is this…" Ye Qingyu lifted his hands to break apart their words, his tone becoming firm. "I'm too lazy to tell you much. So I'll give you two choices; one is to scram out of Youyan Pass, and not to cause trouble here anymore[3] . I won't pursue things any further. The other is to continue misinterpreting the truth, making a deer out of a horse. I'll make you and your master reunite if so."

Ye Qingyu began a killing spree this morning. He wanted to use the force of thunder and lightning to suppress the people of the Jianghu.

Youyan Pass could not become chaotic.

This was the most important objective.

When he left in the morning, Ye Qingyu went to find the [Painting Saint], Mr. Liu, at the Pass Lord's residence.

Partly it was to find out some news about the current status of Lu Zhaoge. But he did not manage to obtain anything useful. The other part was to completely scout out the information of the sects that had entered into Youyan Pass. He believed that the military council pavilion would have investigations and information to do with this. For this point, Mr. Liu did not disappoint him. Very quickly, a jade scroll with the details of the large and small sects, the list of experts, as well as other information. It was exceedingly clear and extensive.

The machine of the army was far more powerful in this aspect than the imagination of the people of the sects.

Amidst the chaos, everything was tightly observed.

Within this jade piece, the background information on the Xuan sect was also mentioned.

The sect master, Tian Xuanzi, was an expert at the fifty Spirit springs. He was a false gentleman, and had done a fair number of atrocious deeds. This time, his personality had not changed. Casually finding an excuse, he went to the [Zhen pavilion] to rob them of the treasure of the store. Threatening and forcing them, he also injured two or three of the workers. Ye Qingyu encountered him, and he directly activated the [Limitless Divine Way], his battle power doubling and acted to kill him.

This Xuan sect was originally founded by an expert of the older generation. It could be counted as a famous and righteous sect with decent strength. Although it was not part of the three schools and three sects, it could be counted as somewhat famous. It was a pity that the position of leader of the sect was passed on to the wrong person, and it gradually aided and abetted the wicked.

For this type of sect, it was reasonable for them to want to take advantage of a crisis.

From Ye Qingyu's perspective, to remove the poisonous tumour, it was better off to just destroy such sects.

Therefore, when he had acted, he did not show the slightest hint of mercy.

As for the disciples of the Xuan sect in front of him, Ye Qingyu had prepared to let them go.

But the opposing party would not take his favour.

"Go, let’s fight with this trash… There's no need to concern ourselves over the honour of the Jianghu when fighting with this killing demon. Let's act together and slaughter him up.” A Xuan sect disciple madly rushed up, his long sword waving about, his sword qi like frost. His strength was not weak, around twenty Spirit springs. When he acted, he completely did not care about endangering the lives of the other customers.

The female proprietor with the figure like a bucket sharply screeched, worrying about her furniture, but she did not dare block…

As for the other Xuan sect disciples, they also activated their yuan cultivation, blades and swords unsheathed. Kicking tables and breaking chairs, they advanced from all four sides.

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh.

"This is your own choice."

Before he had finished.

The roar of dragons sounded out.

The twenty Snow Dragons mirage within his body shot out. The pressure of the dragons emanated, while his cold qi was surging. The temperature of the large hall sharply descended, and the ice crystal snow blossom exploded with Ye Qingyu at the center. It was as if there was a snowstorm that had suddenly appeared, rushing towards those Xuan sect disciples. Their eyes could not even be opened, and they were halted in their tracks by the fierce winds, finding it hard to even take a step forward…

Ye Qingyu's figure was as if lightning flashed by his original position. In an instant, he appeared above the head of the needle bearded man, his palm striking out.

"To want to kill me, haha. Your strength is only at the twenty Spirit springs. To ambush and launch a sneak attack on my master, I will avenge him today… The burning heaven fist of the Xuan— kill!" The needle bearded muscle man laughed ferociously with rage and sinisterness. The long blade in his hand shot out. The accumulated force, in an instant, was like an avalanche.

Ye Qingyu's palm slapped on the back of the blade. His figure was like a flying crane, returning to his original seat.

"Hahaha, little thief Ye, come here and do battle again." The bearded man seeing his strike had succeeded, his impulsiveness shot up greatly.

In the instant Ye Qingyu returned to his original seat, the ice crystal storm all around retreated. Like a whale sucking in water, it all flew back, the snow in the air instantly entering into his body. It was as if nothing had occurred whatsoever.

He sat before the table. Lifting the coarse jar of alcohol, he poured himself a bowl of alcohol on the pottery.

"Fight again?" Ye Qingyu lifted the bowl of alcohol, his sword shaped eyebrows lifting up into his hair. With a faint smile, he finished the alcohol in his bowl.

Opposite.

The needle bearded muscle man suddenly let out a gasp of shock, as if he had encountered something incomprehensible[4] .

On the back of his long blade, a frost imprint of a palm could clearly be seen. Ray after ray of cold ice patterns, with this palm print at the center, constantly spreading out throughout all directions. In the blink of an eye, this huge shaped cutting blade was enveloped by ice. Even the hands of the burly man were frozen. By the time he had let out a gasp, this cold ice had already crept up to his shoulder and arms… "What is happening… demonic technique… you…" The muscle man let out a sharp scream as if he had seen a ghost.

At this time, he discovered, without knowing when, the bodies of his brothers had already been covered by a thick layer of snow and ice. Every one of them maintained their stances of charging forward with swords held, as if they had been fossilized. They were frozen where they were, as if every single one of them was a snowman, and they had long lost any signs of life…

The explosive snow storm just now… so it was that terrifying.

A frightening killing technique.

In a moment, it completely enveloped everything.

Why was this??

This Ye Qingyu, was it not said that he was at the twenty Spirit springs level of cultivation?

Was it not that old man Xuanzi was ambushed by him?

But…

He had fallen for it; he should not have believed in those fellows.

He was used by someone like a spear?

Too cruel.

Countless thoughts and desires flashed by the heart of the muscular man in an instant. The next instant, cold qi completely froze his heart, transforming him into an ice sculpture that sealed him where he was. His life was completely gone.

Silence was all around.

Ye Qingyu placed the bowl of alcohol back onto the table. With a flick of his finger, a Snow Dragon mirage roared out. Like lightning, it soared past the ice sculptures of the tens of people in the hall. With a rumble, these ice sculptures were directly shattered into minute smithereens, collapsing to the floor. Very quickly, they began to melt, turning into a faint red water…

Drinking alcohol.

Killing enemies.

When the dragon roared out, there was not even a corpse remaining.

This entire process was like an illusion or shadow. In but two or three breaths’ time, before anyone could react, the tens of experts of the Xuan sect including the forty Spirit spring bearded man, disappeared from the world.

The white-robed figure was graceful like jade.

He killed people as he faintly smiled.

Everyone could not believe what they had just witnessed.

This cold as ice water, fierce and ferocious Marquis Ye, was he really the white-robed youth that had rolled up his sleeves standing on the table along with those rough men from the armed escort company five minutes ago?

The differing images of Ye Qingyu, constantly struck against each other in everyone’s mind.

The female proprietor was completely tongue tied. She felt that the world seemed to be not quite right.

Originally, she had thought this battle was unavoidable. Her little liquor house was most likely going to be collateral damage. As long as some broken furniture remained, this was already going to be a good outcome. Who would have thought that this battle came and left so quickly? These experts of the sects that were like wolves and tigers. They were so strong that they could not be struck back by normal people. But in front of this handsome young man, they were like clay chickens and porcelain dogs; they could not even withstand a strike.

The losses of the liquor house, were only the several tables and chairs broken apart by the kicks.

"If I spread that the Marquis Ye came here to kill, perhaps the business of the liquor house would instantly explode to be ten times greater…"

The female owner began to dream.

Ye Qingyu smiled lightly, knowing that he could no longer continue here. Standing up to clasp his hand, he acted as if nothing had occurred. "Everyone, I had great fun drinking today. The matters just now have disturbed everyone. I will still come here to compete in drinking alcohol later, I hope that everyone will not have any reservations and at that time, there will still be people willing to compete with me… I'll say my partings."

As he finished, he threw the female owner a piece of silver, turning to leave from the [Common Liquor House].

A short while later, there was the large shout of the female owner from behind him, "Marquis Ye, come back here often."

The originally deathly quiet liquor house exploded with noise. Everyone began madly exclaiming and discussing. They would not even imagine in their dreams, the youth that had continuously come to the liquor house these two days, really was the deity-like Ye Qingyu from out of legends. Those who bragged and had drank with Ye Qingyu beforehand, their faces were completely red.

This short period of time was determined to become a legend.

It would become a memory that many people could recount and form a fantastic tale.

Of course, for some other people, this was only the beginning of the story.

And when Ye Qingyu had not left long from the [Common Liquor House], two young men wearing long robes walked out from a tea house opposite. Looking at each other with a smile, there was the satisfaction of a plan working.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 216:


Chapter 217 - It’s time for them to be tidied up

“He really is a brash person. It seems like the worries of Gongzi[1] and the others, really were needless," said the young man with a fan in his hands, with a scholarly long robe who seemed to be around twenty four or five years old. His facial features seemed righteous, but there was a maliciousness concealed between his eyebrows. He looked at Ye Qingyu's retreating figure, exposing a faint smile.

The other young man wore a brocaded robe, with gold fabric tying back his hair, possessing a forehead that was like white jade. Both his hands were behind his back, his fingers long and slender, as if he was a girl. There was powder dusted on his complexion, making his face seemed extremely pale and wan, as if he was a person coming back from the grave.

This person let out a sinister smile. "Your Gongzi, to have come to do great things in Youyan Pass. Only by muddying the waters will there be an[1] opportunity. Originally, there was already someone aiding from behind the scenes within the [Youyan army], but there has not been any places to break through. Haha, this Ye Qingyu really does not understand the importance of the situation. Jumping out so ferociously, he has fallen perfectly into the plans of our gongzi… this can be counted as his misfortune."

The young man holding a fan smiled and nodded to his friend. "The retards of the Xuan sect, to really run to their deaths after a few words of encouragement. These types of trash, them dying in greater numbers will cause our mission to be completed quicker and quicker… The next few days, I'll find more cannon fodder for Ye Qingyu that stupid dog to happily kill. Our aim will have been achieved by then."

The white-faced young man nodded his head in agreement, then grinned in satisfaction. "They are after all military brutes. Their brains are as simple as their muscles. To want to compete in manipulation and strategy with the people of the Jianghu, they are lacking by far. Our gongzi is known as 'Planner without flaws'. To make fools of these fellows, is this not something that is achievable just by a wave of his hands. This Ye Qingyu has been exaggerated as unique in Heaven and Earth, but from the current situation, this is just a great joke."

Both the grins on the two persons face was extremely self-satisfied, their arrogance extremely evident.

It was only that the two did not see, in the teahouse behind them, there was a young girl wearing a golden laced mask behind them. Her cold and indifferent gaze fell on the two. The words just now, fell into her ears without fail. But the two experts of the Jianghu failed to detect her presence at all.

"Sister, these two fellows are mumbling so much. I think they are not good people at all, why don't we just go and kill them?" The ponytailed girl came to her side and said in a light voice, the little intricate dagger in her hand constantly being swung around.

Song Xiaojun turned her head to give the ponytailed Xian'er a glance, but did not say anything; her gaze once again returning to the table. Her expression quickly recovered to her lazy and mindless state.

"Ah, ah, ah… sister you are doing it again." Xian'er sighed in exasperation. "These days why are your thoughts so uncollected, you are disinterested in everything. Why are we still remaining within this city, why don't we return. Those old fellows are always waiting to pluck the thorn at their sides at any moment.“

Song Xiaojun did not say anything in response.

The two of them sat in the tea house, silently sitting without saying anything.

The two young men outside left at some unknown time.

…… ……

Four miles away from the military supply department.

In the rear courtyard of a guest house.

Ten days before, this guest house had been completely booked by a mysterious and wealthy hand.

Apart from the cooks and the female servant, everyone else such as the guests and the owners had left. The mysterious guest had booked ten guesthouses just like this. Therefore, the owner happily and joyfully brought his entire family to live in a rented place faraway from this place.

Twenty Jianghu experts entered into the guesthouse.

The person in the lead was a scholar with a facial complexion like jade. The large majority of the time [2] he was tasting tea under the plum blossom tree. There were four beautiful female servants next to him, dancing and playing the flute or the zither. He had a complete disposition of a wealthy noble son coming here to ravel and play around, a bored and lazy attitude evident in his actions.

But the experts of the Jianghu beside him had extremely fearsome appearances. The large majority of them had a ferocious aura with an odour of blood around their blades. From one glance, one could discern they were killers with blood stained swords.

Noon passed.

The noble gongzi lay under the tree reclining on the chair, contentedly dozing off. The four pretty servants helped him knead and massage his legs and feet. The entire scene was extremely peaceful, unhurried and leisurely.

The sound of footsteps came.

"Gongzi, [Painting Fan] and [Golden Jade], the two of them have returned. They have something to report to Gongzi you," there was someone that carefully notified the young master of their arrival from far away.

The noble young master eye's faintly squinted, waving his hand. "Allow them to enter."

Before long.

The fan wielding young man as well as the person with a white face like jade that had appeared at the [Common Liquor House] respectfully entered. They halted their steps three meters away from the chair, then paid their respects. "Gongzi, we have returned." "How is the situation?"

The voice of this noble young master was dainty, as if it was a stretched out steel wire. There was a strange feeling to it that was very hard to describe.

The young man holding the fan that was known as the [Painting fan] respectfully replied, "Reporting back to Gongzi, everything is as you have calculated. Ye Qingyu really is a person who only knows how to be brash and ferocious. This morning, he really acted to kill sixty or more of the experts of the Jianghu. His methods were extremely vicious… According to your instructions, we have also hiddenly lit a significant number of flames for him. I believe that in the coming days, Ye Qingyu will be overwhelmingly attacked by many Jianghu experts. At that point, perhaps we can implicate more higher ups of the [Youyan army]. The situation will become more and more chaotic." "No matter whether the army wants to protect Ye Qingyu or sacrifice him to quell the rage of the sects, this is a huge strike against the Youyan army. Then our actions will become much more convenient." The person known as the [Golden Jade] lowered his head respectfully and said, "Gongzi has missed nothing in his plans. The manipulative power of the Jianghu is not something the brutes of the army can guess at… Young master, your strategy really is profound."

The lip of the noble young master reclining curled back.

"This is still not enough. The muddier the waters the better, the more chaotic the situation, the better." His hand moved, and a piece of white paper floated before the two people. "Bring some people to take action against the experts of the sects on this list. Especially the little sects known to be righteous sects. I hear that they are preparing to follow Ye Qingyu's rules. Haha, if their disciples were killed by Ye Qingyu, would those stubborn old fellows still act so obediently?" [Painting Fan] received the piece of paper. Looking at the names of the people of several sects as well as some solitary experts, he was faintly shocked.

Young master wanted to take action against some of these people?

Although they were not people of the three sects and three schools, the top six sects, but they were still a significant force… It seems like young master was really going to act without restraint. However, they were not directly confronting with these people. If they took action in secret, the problem was not great.

The [Golden Jade], listening, seemed to have suddenly thought of something. He could not help but open his mouth, "Reporting back to Gongzi, the female disciples of the Immortal Voice Valley have already arrived at Youyan Pass. Haha, these pure virgin and conceited female experts can sell for a high price on the black market. It is unknown just how many people wants to take their virginity, and unknown how many people admire and want to pursue them. If they were sullied, and there are traces of Ye Qingyu left at the scene of the crime, this little Marquis would not be able to talk his way out of this no matter how many mouths he has…"

On the chair.

The eyes of the noble young master opened wide, a flash of bright light flitting past.

[Golden Jade[3] [4] ] was shocked by this.

But there was a faint smile on the face of the noble young master. Nodding his head, he spoke, "Very good, this proposal is very good… that's right, love, just how perfect it is. I hear it can make people do ridiculous actions… go and do it, it is also good if the Immortal Voice Valley is destroyed. Hahaha!"

The two persons hearing this were instantly overjoyed.

To take action against the immortal voice valley was definitely a mission they could benefit from. Thinking of the beauty of the female experts of the Immortal Voice Valley, and that they could play with them as they please… the bones of the two were about to go soft.

A gust of wind blew past.

The plum pink blossoms on the tree of the courtyard fell and scattered on the ground.

The [Painting Fan] instinctively reached out to grabbed at a swathe of plum blossoms. But the moment it entered into his hand, there was a chill in his hands. Then these plum blossoms disappeared without any signs from his palm.

"These are not plum blossoms? They are… snowflakes?"

His heart was faintly shocked.

There were zero clouds in the skies. The season had already passed, why would there still be snow?

At this time, the noble young master lazily reclining on the chair, his complexion abruptly changed. He immediately stood up, swiping his long sleeve through the air. A burst of strong wind surged, blowing away the pink and white flowers out. The originally lazy atmosphere completely disappeared, his entire person becoming sharp. His eyes like blades, he coldly said, "There is an expert… Just what venerable expert has arrived, why have you not notified me in advance so I can properly receive you?"

The hearts of the [Painting Fan] and [Golden Jade] fiercely thumped.

There was an expert that had arrived.

For them not to have sense the slightest trace of his presence.

They could only hear a voice sound out within the courtyard.

"A bunch of flies that plots and schemes, staying here to plan how to act against others. Shameless… Haha, receive my arrival? Are you fit to do so?"

As they followed along to the voice's origin [Painting Fan] and [Golden Jade] had a look, and instantly were indescribably shocked.

They could see someone sitting above the roof of the guesthouse. There was a jar of coarse alcohol in front of him. Properly, he slapped away the mud used to seal the jar, opening the lid and drank a gulp of alcohol. Like an emperor attending the morning court, he looked down from a high position at everyone on the rear courtyard.

Ye Qingyu?

For it to be Ye Qingyu!

Both the [Painting Fan] as well as the [Golden Jade] could not believe in their eyes!

This… how could he be here?

How did he discover this place?

The hearts of the two instantly went icy cold.

"You are… Marquis Ye?" After the noble young master was slightly shocked, a smile appeared on his face. "Marquis Ye's great name is like thunder piercing the ears. I had never imagined I would experience your presence today, the rumours indeed do your justice. I am the [Five Poison Gongzi] of the Five Poisons School, I pay my respects to Marquis Ye. The wind is chilly on the top of the building, how about Marquis Ye comes down and meets with me?" "Is there meaning in saying such fart-like words?" Ye Qingyu said mockingly. "Furthermore, you type of maggots that live in the dark and gloom, just what right do you have to have a meeting with me? I think that the Five Poisons School doesn't want to exist anymore. A dog fart-like third class school, to dare interfere with the great business of the Empire, not knowing your own strength. I really wonder where your pitiful strength comes from? A group of ants really dare to plot and subvert matters of the Empire. It seems the sects of the Empire have really been left with nothing to do for far too long. It's time for them to be tidied up. For such a poisonous weed like you, it should be plucked out as soon as possible!" [1] a son of privilege; an old-fashioned term for the son of a wealthy person, a polite expression when referring to someone's else's son.[5]

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

