Chapter 1021:


Chapter 1036 – Shocking Change


“Humph, you may be sharp-tongued and telling false stories, but do you think I’ll believe you?”

The Four Stars holy girl shouted angrily, with her bloodied face smacking of a demoness.

In truth, a huge shock wave had already been stirred up inside her.

All along, she was adamant that her possession of supreme status was a result of her one-of-a-kind and historically rare constitution which made her irreplaceable in the plans of the entire [Camp]. This was why she had never given a damn about many Heaven’s pridelings, including Jiang Xiaohan. However, if her constitution became no longer unique and indispensable, her status would be affected horribly.

“Hoho, I was just informing you. It’s up to you whether to believe me or not.”

As she spoke understatedly, Jiang Xiaohan was delighting in the flurried state of the woman who had suppressed and insulted her all along. The lightning cone and hammer in her hands showed no mercy, unleashing a blade formed from terrifying green lightning with every knock against each other. All kinds of giant-sized weapons, such as swords, hammers, spears, axes, halberds, shields, and chains were hurled frenziedly toward the Four Stars holy girl, who became exhausted from coping with them and was at a complete disadvantage.

Although the ancient Emperor phantom protecting her from behind had crushed god knows how many green lightning weapons, its figure was gradually fading. On one hand, this was because it had expended too much energy itself, while on the other hand, it was because the Four Stars holy girl was badly injured and weakened and thus did not have the strength to work up the [Four Stars Sword] and utilize the full power of this fake Emperor weapon like she had done earlier.

“Your ambitions are too big, lower domain slave girl. Like a snake trying to swallow an elephant, you’ll only bring disgrace upon yourself and die most miserably.” She unsparingly burned up foundation power to work up the [Four Stars Sword], causing the ancient Emperor phantom to become a little more vivid. However, it was hard for her to keep this up for too long. The destructive power of the arrow which had struck her was simply too terrifying and was still wreaking havoc inside her body.

“Do you really believe that all nobility are born to be?” Jiang Xiaohan laughed playfully. “What difference is there between upper and lower domains in terms of strength and skill? It’s truly a miracle that you’ve managed to live until now with that kind of mindset.”

Brandishing the [Four Stars Sword], the Four Stars holy girl frenziedly worked up its imperial qi.

Although she had entered a state of madness, her eyes were as frosty as age old dark ice, gloomy, and malicious, resembling those of a venomous python while giving off a faint glimmer. “You’re as conceited as a frog in the well… Hoho, even if I’m no longer one-of-a-kind, I still have a super large force that’s the Four Stars Sect backing me up. But what about you? You have nothing and are merely a rootless duckweed. On what basis can you compete with me? Just those junk which have submersed into your body?”

“Idiot.” A scornful look emerged on Jiang Xiaohan’s peerlessly beautiful face. “To think that you still want to talk foundations with me. Hoho, everything we have was bestowed to us by His Highness. Not only do you not submit to him fully, but you’re even thinking about relying on the Four Stars Sect. Are you telling me that the Four Stars Sect dares to go against His Highness?”

The Four Stars holy girl’s state of mind was badly shaken.

She realized that she might have miscalculated something.

Her change in expression was seen by a guffawing Jiang Xiaohan.

Boom boom boom!

The repeated collisions of the lightning cone and hammer created a sea of countless green lightning weapons which inundated the Four Stars holy girl.

Amid the violent booming noises, the ancient Emperor phantom behind the Four Stars holy girl rapidly faded. The latter’s body began to quiver wildly as fine cracks which resembled strands of spider web appeared on her skin and oozed blood. The radiance of the [Four Stars Sword] in her hand also began to grow dim. From the looks of it, she was already at the end of her rope and could endure no longer.

“Seems like you finally understand… A pity it’s too late… Hahahaha, how insignificant is the Four Stars Sect?” Jiang Xiaohan’s originally-beautiful eyes suddenly became sinister and ice cold. “The time has come for you to go on your way… The Four Stars Sect shall be joining you very shortly when it turns to dust!”

As soon as she spoke.

A strange change suddenly befell.

“Audacious!”

A voice which sounded like the angry howl of a deity rang out without warning.

A giant human palm weaved from silver clouds appeared equally without warning

This silver-colored human hand covered an area of tens of thousands of kilometers in circumference, tearing through the pitch black, desolate, and ice cold Void as if tearing paper before it descended. Silver cloud formations circulated on the palm with every formation chain possessing no less power than a fake Emperor weapon, forming a silver mist around the hand. A burst of power like that which hung over a divine mountain grappled toward Jiang Xiaohan, who had originally already taken an absolute advantage.

In front of such a large hand, Jiang Xiaohan was like a pullet facing a giant and did not have the strength to fight back.

The lightning cone and hammer in her hands buzzed and vibrated, signaling danger.

“The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor!”

Jiang Xiaohan shouted harshly.

This was the true power of a Quasi-emperor.

The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor, who was battling against [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] in the Void far, far away, had unexpectedly chosen to act at this time.

In the distance.

Ye Qingyu, who was seizing every second to regain strength, was also stunned.

He immediately became aware of how silly his earlier thoughts were. He had presumed that, by luring the Four Stars holy girl here, he could kill her without getting found out by the Quasi-emperor. The truth, however, was that it was impossible to escape the perception of a Quasi-emperor no matter how far one went. At this time, for instance, the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor decided to take brazen action and kill Jiang Xiaohan as soon as the Four Stars holy girl’s life was in danger.

Everything was within the perception of a Quasi-emperor.

Jiang Xiaohan instantly lost all battle will and wanted to retreat and flee. However, she discovered that there was no way for her to escape.

Invisible power of laws circulated on the Quasi-emperor’s palm and gradually pressed downward to lock her tiny figure in place while energizing the stars in the heavens. Although it remained dozens of kilometers away, Jiang Xiaohan could not even move a finger, let alone escape at this time.

In the contemporary world, anyone below a Quasi-emperor could be considered a cricket or ant

How could such beings possibly escape?

An ecstatic look appeared on the face of the heavily-wounded Four Stars holy girl.

“You’re doomed, bitch.” She laughed maniacally and roared angrily as if to vent.

“Ahhhh...” Seeming insane, Jiang Xiaohan uttered a long and angry cry, albeit she did not look too panic-stricken or fearful. She then began to laugh out loud.

“Hahahahaha… haha!”

It was as if she had accepted her fate and given up the struggle.

Her absolutely beautiful body and peerless looks appeared helpless and miserable against the Quasi-emperor’s giant palm.

A tinge of suspicion flashed across Ye Qingyu's eyes.

Something ain’t right.

Something about Jiang Xiaohan’s expression doesn’t make sense.

But, what exactly is it?

Just as Ye Qingyu was at a loss…

A strange change suddenly occurred.

“No need to get angry, these children are just fighting in jest.”

Another deity-like voice which was filled with supreme dignity resounded in the Void.

Following the emergence of this voice, the lightning cone and hammer spontaneously flew out from Jiang Xiaohan’s hands while bursting forth a mysterious, dazzling green radiance, as if something within had been awakened. The power and momentum of this fake Emperor weapon grew many-fold until it seemed to acquire a spirit and life of its own. As the cone and hammer knocked against each other in the Void, a booming noise was heard and the world shook before a green thunderbolt shot forth.

Boom!

The giant palm was smashed by this beam of green radiance, turning into countless silver pieces of skin and dispersing among the Void.

Jiang Xiaohan had gotten out of her predicament.

The lightning cone and hammer returned to her hands.

Danger had been lifted.

The Four Stars holy girl was dumbfounded.

Ye Qingyu was all the more bewildered.

Is this… yet another Quasi-emperor?

It’s actually yet another Quasi-emperor!

To think that Jiang Xiaohan is also being supported by a Quasi-emperor, this… how is this possible?

A sky high wave arose in Ye Qingyu's and the Four Stars holy girl’s hearts.

This is simply unbelievable.

There were only so many Quasi-emperors in the contemporary age. Earlier on in the Reincarnation Hall, the sudden emergence of the little-known Quasi-emperor Mushan was already a huge enough event to cause a stir in the Vast Thousand Domains. Who would have thought that yet another one would emerge? Although this Quasi-emperor did not make an appearance earlier and instead concealed his tracks while borrowing the power of the lightning cone and hammer to break the attack of the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor, it could be confirmed that he had never appeared in the Vast Thousand Domains.

“Anyone who insults the Four Stars Sect deserves to die.” The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor’s voice arrived from faraway time and space, containing an unmistakable oppressive power.

“These kids were just quarreling and said a few angry words. As a dignified new Quasi-emperor, you should take care of your reputation and not lower yourself to the level of a junior.” The voice of the Quasi-emperor standing behind Jiang Xiaohan sounded once more in an indifferent tone, revealing no fear for the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor.

Two Quasi-emperors stood facing each other.

Although it was just a simple conversation, it embodied a collision of will.

And a confrontation of two kinds of Dao attainments which had reached the martial peak of this world.

“I have to leave this place.”

Ye Qingyu rapidly turned and fled toward the distant Void.

Both Jiang Xiaohan and the Four Stars holy girl were his enemies who wanted to kill him, and so it would be extremely unfavorable to him no matter whether the two sides eventually decided to fight or to make peace. Either of the two Quasi-emperors could kill him without difficulty, while things would be slightly worse if the two sides ended the battle, whereby his death would be inevitable.

This was why he had to leave.

As curious as he was to know exactly where this Quasi-emperor who decided to protect Jiang Xiaohan had come from.

The fortunate thing was that neither the two women nor the Quasi-emperors standing behind them had placed their attention on him.

He rapidly fled tens of millions of kilometers back and arrived in a silent and deserted stretch of the Void.

He saw nobody and no energy movement around.

Jiang Xiaohan, the Four Stars holy girl, the nameless Quasi-emperor, and the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor completely disappeared from sight.

Heaving a sigh of relief, he decided to hide on an enormous meteor and concealed his figure within one of its huge rift valleys. Restraining his aura’s movement completely, he seized every second to regain strength.

The situation was a lot more frightening than he had thought at the beginning.

Could the successive appearance of new Quasi-emperors be a sign that there are yet some more Quasi-emperors hiding in the dark, waiting for their opportunity?

He was uncertain about this.

The more frightening thing was that, if the mysterious Quasi-emperor backing Jiang Xiaohan eventually made peace with the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor, it would be very likely for them to gang up against [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. The situation would make an instantaneous turn for the worse and a huge disaster would arise in front of Ye Qingyu's eyes.

This was certainly not impossible.

After all, the fact that this mysterious Quasi-emperor decided to protect Jiang Xiaohan revealed a high chance that common interests were involved and perhaps even that he was someone from the [Camp], which was probably divided into several factions and branches. In this way, the mysterious Quasi-emperor and the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor could belong to different branches while sharing the same overall interests.

Ye Qingyu was extremely worried.

Time flew by.

He had hidden on this meteor for three days and nights already.

On the fourth day, a bout of violent tremor transpired in this stretch of Void.

Several terrifying energy waves swept through the entire plane.

“Hahaha, Li Xiaofei, your array has been broken, so give it up!”

This laughter resounded through the world like Great Dao sounds.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1022:


Chapter 1037 – A True Emperor Battle


Boom!

The meteor fragmented.

Ye Qingyu zapped out from among the smoke and dust.

“What’s going on? Could it be that His Highness [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] has been defeated?” When he was still self-isolating and recovering, he was suddenly alarmed by that earlier voice. Feeling extremely uneasy, he could not restrain his power, allowing his yuan qi to go ballistic on its own and blow up the meteor.

At this time, his yuan qi doppelganger had finally regained peak state.

Moreover, because of his successive fights against the Four Stars holy girl and the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] Jiang Xiaohan, his gains were tremendous. After all, he had always been the kind of super talent who derived improvement from endless battles. The successive encounters with fake Emperor weapons and the experience of the magnificent scene of a Quasi-emperor battle provided him with near-indescribable martial path gains.

“Let’s go take a look first.”

He flew toward the battlefield of the three Quasi-emperors.

Although it was a very dangerous place where he would perish and his Dao would dissipate as soon as he was affected, he knew very well that going there was a must.

He had to lend [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] a hand.

Otherwise, the situation would become irrevocable.

As the saying went, ‘no egg can remain intact when a nest is overturned’. If [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was to die, Ye Qingyu would be unable to escape the pursuit of the other Quasi-emperors even if he hid in the remotest parts of the world.

Soon, the battlefield could be seen in the horizon.

Terrifying power was circulating frenziedly in an area of several hundred thousand kilometers in circumference, forming visible turbulent flows. Huge star fragments floated in the starry sky above the three Quasi-emperors, whose figures were incredibly massive and resembled ancient fiendgods.

No!

It wasn’t three Quasi-emperors.

Instead, there were four.

A most terrible situation had arisen.

The worst of Ye Qingyu's earliest predictions turned out to be true.

Aside from the three Quasi-emperors seen earlier, another giant figure who was completely wreathed by green lightning had joined the battle and ganged up with Quasi-emperor Mushan and the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor to attack [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. Resembling a macaque, he had a red face, mirror-like eyes, and extremely long fur and horns. His body was as massive as the others’, and every move he made was accompanied by terrifying thunder and lightning. Powerful to an extreme, his body emanated an ancient aura which suggested that he was not from this age.

This should be the mysterious Quasi-emperor protecting Jiang Xiaohan.

Only the introduction of a new Quasi-emperor could have broken the stalemate reached earlier and smashed [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]’s array of stars.

Ye Qingyu began to panic.

The situation was extremely unfavorable and precarious.

He rapidly advanced and rushed toward the battlefield while simultaneously summoning the [Cloud Top Cauldron], which thereby suspended above his head and gave off boundless Dao light to protect him from being struck and killed by the aftereffects of the battle. He felt an immense pressure as he drew near to the battlefield, as if he had fallen into a mire. Given that this was only the periphery of the battlefield, one could certainly imagine what a terrifying scene the center would be.

At the same time, countless thoughts raced through his mind.

I have to help [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

But how can I help?

The battlefield became nearer and nearer.

Visible, terrifying energy ripples pervaded the dark, deserted, and frosty Void.

Subjected to the tremor caused by the Quasi-emperors’ power, the power of laws of this world surged and whistled frenziedly, capable of destroying all beings within this area.

This kind of battle was completely beyond the limits imaginable by a martial artist. It was akin to a contention between deities and demons.

“You should’ve died four thousand years ago, Li Xiaofei. You may have held on until now but your luck has run out. Are you still not going?”

With his entire body shrouded in silver glow, the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor laughed thunderously. Exerting a palm, he caused a sky covering chain of silver formations to circulate. It contained terrifying imperial qi which cracked the world and shattered the Void, and was powerful enough to destroy a domain in a mere instant.

Resembling a divine king, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] uttered a long and loud cry as his black hair fluttered wildly and his face revealed a dignified look. Without replying, he also exerted a palm.

The two palms collided.

Boom!

Dao sounds roared out while the power of laws was smashed.

The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor staggered backward, already in a defeated state.

However, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was not able to give chase. This was because Quasi-emperor Mushan and the macaque-resembling ancient Quasi-emperor simultaneously took action, conjuring boundless purple qi and green lightning to inundate him with. Laughing stentoriously, he exerted a palm which stirred up boundless winds and clouds to negate these elements.

This was a combat method of the highest realms of martial cultivation.

For beings of this level, it was no longer a contest of battle techniques, but about returning to one’s true nature and competing using the purest form of power. For instance, a punch and a kick might look as simple as the fighting of children who had just started learning martial arts, but the power contained within was sufficient to destroy the world.

Ye Qingyu cautiously drew near.

He realized that Xiaofei’s state was definitely not as perfect as it seemed on the surface. The nebulae and stars which coiled up around him were already difficult for him to maintain intact by this time, while it was apparent that his protective array had shattered. He was wounded especially on his back, where a distinct pair of giant palm marks had sunk in. A silver glow circulated within the palm marks as they emanated a mist and incessantly made ear-splitting booming and bursting noises. They were damaging Li Xiaofei’s doppelganger, as evident from the blood-like energy which poured out from their centers…

Rumor had it that the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor had pretended to join Li Xiaofei’s camp while in the Reincarnation Hall but would later surprise attack the latter and leave two palm marks on his back. This was why the latter was badly wounded and had fallen into a disadvantageous position. Otherwise, he certainly could not have been so embarrassed, if his cultivation which had awed the world and had been considered the best since four millennia ago was anything to go by.

It was astonishingly despicable of a Quasi-emperor to perform a surprise attack.

This explained why the Four Stars Sect and the dark [Camp] had to keep the Wei River Mountain Range surrounded in layers and prevented anyone from leaving. They clearly intended to kill all witnesses, for this matter certainly could not be spread to the outside world, which only needed to know that the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor had ultimately prevailed in this battle.

Ye Qingyu quickly discovered that there were not just four Quasi-emperors in this area.

The many figures which he had seen on the Capital Sky Peak now appeared on the fringes of the battlefield.

Among them were the Four Stars holy girl and Jiang Xiaohan, both of whom seemed to have completely forgotten about their past grievances and decided to team up. Their opponents were also a duo, one of whom was the extraordinary, otherworldly [White Jade Capital] successor, who was dressed in a white fairy skirt, while the other was a black-armored burly young man whose entire body was burning with black demon qi. However, it was not the same kind of dark demon qi as that of the Greater One Spiritual Master, but… the demon qi of the Black Demon Abyss instead.

He was the Crown Prince of the Black Demon Abyss.

Having previously heard that the elder brother of the Little Princess of the Black Demon Abyss had come to the Reincarnation Hall, Ye Qingyu figured that this should be him.

The four young Heaven’s pridelings were fighting at close quarters on the fringes of the Quasi-emperors’ battlefield. Although their fight was not as frightening as that of the Quasi-emperors, it was also extremely fierce and dangerous, and every strike was brutal and venomous. They had evidently been at it for some time and had entered a state of fighting-till-death. The powers of the [Four Stars Sword] and the lightning cone and hammer were completely brought into play, suffusing strands and wisps of imperial qi. Meanwhile, the [White Jade Capital] successor was holding a jade piece which was as white as goat fat and was a match for the two fake Emperor weapons, obviously no ordinary item itself. The Black Demon Abyss Crown Prince was instead holding an extremely bizarre bone rod which was black and white in color and was also a fake Emperor weapon.

Who would’ve thought that these four people would actually be fighting at close quarters?

Ye Qingyu felt a mild astonishment in his heart.

Although it was said that the enemy of an enemy is a friend, it was nevertheless surprising that the current situation would be this complicated such that even the Four Stars holy girl and Jiang Xiaohan, each of whom wanted to kill the other not too long ago, would team up to face an enemy at this time. Who knew what would happen next? After all, betrayal was something which had already taken place many times since the descent of the Reincarnation Hall. The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor had betrayed Li Xiaofei, while Jiang Xiaohan had betrayed the Four Stars holy girl...

Ye Qingyu knew that the current situation was hanging by a thread and a single thought could be the difference between life and death. Therefore, he dared not be any careless.

I mustn’t be gullible.

And, helping the [White Jade Capital] successor and the Crown Prince of the Black Demon Race won’t be able to change the situation much.

His figure flashed past the zone in which the four Heaven’s pridelings were fighting and rapidly advanced toward the center of the Quasi-emperor battlefield as planned.

Just then, however, the Four Stars holy girl and Jiang Xiaohan noticed him.

“You actually dare return?” Blocking his path as soon as she could, Jiang Xiaohan said angrily, “You must be tired of living… You… get out of here quick and run as far as you can. Hide and don’t show yourself.” Her tone unexpectedly contained a tinge of concern as if she truly cared about him.

However, the latter had all along seen through her affectation.

This woman is an evil spirit.

Without saying a word, he struck out with the [Blood Drinker Sword] which had appeared in his hand.

Terrifying sword splendor cut through the air.

The Divine Emperor sword will was worked up to the highest degree.

“Hoho, to think that you’re still concerned about your sweetheart at this time, whore. So loving of you… A pity you’re just imagining that he likes you back!” The Four Stars holy girl caught up and ridiculed Jiang Xiaohan. However, she also blocked Ye Qingyu's way, giving off endless amounts of silver glow from the [Four Stars Sword].

For some reason, she had a feeling that something bad would happen and ruin the perfect and close to succeeding plan of the Four Stars Sect if she allowed Ye Qingyu to go over to the battlefield.

Ye Qingyu was involuntarily drawn into the battle zone of the four Heaven’s pridelings.

He was unable to get away for a time.

Boom!

Another series of law shaking Dao sounds was heard, intense like no other.

A new change had arisen on the Quasi-emperor battlefield.

The palm mark wounds on Li Xiaofei’s back were struck by a beam of green lightning and thus spattered flesh and blood. Staggering about in the Void, he spewed a mouthful of blood. Given that the severity of the injury on his back was originally already extremely terrible, the new infliction moreso caused huge chunks of energy to burst out until there was practically a hole through his body.

“Haha, he’s done for… he has been afflicted with my [Thunderbolt Curse Mark], which will kill even a true Emperor without fail!”

Having succeeded with his first attempt, the macaque-resembling ancient Quasi-emperor guffawed.

At the same time, the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor derived punch marks with both hands and rapidly drew near to Li Xiaofei. Without giving the latter a chance to breathe, he struck the latter mercilessly and viciously with both fists, which contained domain destroying power and were wreathed by formation chains and a brilliant splendor.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1023:


Chapter 1038 – The Horror of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]


Similarly, Quasi-emperor Mushan operated an Emperor path eye technique. With purple eye beams circulating in his pupils, he coordinated with the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor’s offensive and mercilessly bombarded [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] doppelganger with destructive purple radiance, intending to incinerate the latter. This was known as the [Mushan Purple] technique.

However, Li Xiaofei remained standing where he was without evading.

His eyes were fixed on the macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor. By observing the green formations circulating in the latter’s eyes, he was able to figure out the latter’s origin.

“I see, you’re a rotten corpse which didn’t stiffen after death and managed to step out from a coffin. Is it your intention to mess up time and space? Fuck off back to where you belong!” Li Xiaofei guffawed.

Resembling a killing god at this moment, his black hair fluttered and his qi activity ran wild. He paid no attention to the purple pupil radiance and allowed it to freely bombard him while also disregarding and enduring the punches from the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor. The strange formations on his doppelganger circulated the power to resist these attacks, ensuring that he did not break into pieces. However, he spewed out large amounts of blood from his mouth, while fragments of his viscera moreso spurted from the palm mark wounds on his back.

However, catching the other three Quasi-emperors by surprise, he unleashed feedback force and zipped his way in front of the macaque-resembling ancient Quasi-emperor. With great laughter pouring out simultaneously, he spewed a mouthful of blood directly at the latter’s face. His matchlessly ferocious vigor, combined with the laughing sound waves which contained immense Emperor power, transfixed the latter for a time.

At this instant, he exerted a punch, rupturing the greater part of the latter’s body at once.

“Ugh...” The latter wailed in anger.

In a mix of shock and anger, he rapidly retreated to distance himself away.

How can Li Xiaofei be so fierce and insane?

He’s still able to unleash such power in spite of the flank attacks of the other two Quasi-emperors. Shouldn’t his doppelganger have shattered under normal circumstances?

Feeling a bout of terror and awe, the macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor continually retreated.

He dared not believe that he himself, who had lived for a long time and experienced countless battles, was currently not only heavily injured but also suppressed in vigor and battle will by a later-generation human.

“Hahahahaha...” Li Xiaofei guffawed, his body dyed red by fresh blood.

Though heavily injured, his vigor was increasing frenziedly.

A heroic atmosphere, hard to describe in words, grew within the Void.

At this instant, this blood-soaked figure was standing tall like never before in an utterly fearless and crazy manner. Lingering around him was an all-destructive ferity which was not derived from martial power or universal laws, but from one breath and a kind of will which alone could repel a million powerful enemies. Unlike the figure which used to quietly sit cross-legged in the Void, he was presently standing tall among the universal sky with unprecedented savagery and imperiousness, as if he ruled the entire universe and his laughter was replete with fearlessness.

His laughter could be heard throughout the world, while his strength could not be matched by any one race!

It seemed as if it was only at this instant that the number one expert of the Vast Thousand Domains four thousand years ago was well and truly back.

This kind of change, vigor, and will completely stunned everyone who was watching this Emperor battle.

For a time, none of the other three Quasi-emperors dared to draw near to him.

“How… is this possible?” Jiang Xiaohan was shocked like never before.

“Is he a deity or a demon?” The Four Stars holy girl, too, revealed a dismal countenance as she gazed at the indomitable giant figure in the distance, afraid to believe all that she had seen.

For some reason, despite him being their greatest enemy whom they hoped would disappear forever, they could not but admit that this lofty blood-soaked figure was the most admirable and exquisite thing they had ever seen in this world. The Four Stars holy girl also could not help inwardly admitting that the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor was significantly inferior by comparison.

If the three Quasi-emperors hadn’t surprise attacked him at the start, wouldn’t they all be defeated and dead by now?

So, is this the might of the most powerful human expert who had been rated as number one under the heavens since four thousand years ago?

To one side, the Black Demon Abyss Crown Prince uttered a long cry and shouted, “Haha, this is the true Li Xiaofei for you. Legend has it that when he awed the world all those years back, he would bleed during every battle, and the more he bled, the more powerful and unstoppable he became… Hahaha, this is simply wonderful. How can the schemes and tricks of evil spirits possibly bury such an eternally brilliant and supreme expert? I worried too much.”

Ye Qingyu shot a glance at him, feeling a slight jolt in his heart.

It appears that this Crown Prince is standing on [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]’s side. Could it be that, just like myself, it was to help Li Xiaofei that he fought against the two women?

The [White Jade Capital] successor also finally revealed a relieved expression at this time.

There’s no doubt that she was also hoping for Li Xiaofei to win.

With his sword will circulating and protecting him, Ye Qingyu looked all around.

A wobbling figure who appeared drunk was slowly walking toward him from a faraway distance. It was the successor of the Sky Meteor Sect.

He left bloodied tracks across the starry sky as he walked, appearing to be significantly injured. However, the giant green wolf which had previously become his enemy was nowhere to be seen. Most likely, he had killed it but had to pay a considerable price himself.

This was a young man with a face of unswerving determination.

No matter which side he stood on or which race he was from, his martial heart was steadfast like no other. Despite having suffered heavy injuries, he risked his own life to come to the fringes of the battlefield and watch the Quasi-emperor battle from afar, hoping to gain some martial enlightenment.

Ye Qingyu also saw that two human figures had arrived at the fringes of the battlefield since some time ago.

One of them was a youth with a haughty and somewhat familiar face. Upon careful thought, Ye Qingyu recalled that he was Lu Wei, the youth who had challenged him in the Wei River Mountain Range several months ago, before the descent of the Reincarnation Hall. Beside Lu Wei was an old man with snow white beard and hair but a ruddy complexion and baby-like smooth skin. He was the very embodiment of the phrase “crane-haired and child-faced”. Moreover, he had an imposing doppelganger and appeared to be of virtuous character. He offered no indication of his strength, such that even Ye Qingyu could not discern how strong he was.

Apart from these two people, there were also several dozen figures, among which were some faces Ye Qingyu had not seen while ascending the Capital Sky Peak.

Are they latecomers?

He was surprised that there were people who were later than him in ascending Capital Sky Peak and arriving in this world of Quasi-emperor Dao battles.

None of these people are weak.

However, they were not the people he was hoping to see.

After observing them for a long while, he felt rather disappointed that he did not see the million-year-old soul and Nan Tieyi among them. The former had claimed that he was going to run for his life, and had probably ran off to some unknown place by now. The latter had mysteriously disappeared and reappeared and had previously behaved rather oddly, causing Ye Qingyu to be somewhat worried about him.

After a momentary quiet, things stirred up once more.

“He can’t keep up much longer!”

“He’d long been exhausted, how can he possibly turn things around?”

The voices of the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor and Quasi-emperor Mushan rang out once more, breaking the strange silence.

Although they had been frightened by Li Xiaofei’s peerless and domineering vigor for some time, they were of Quasi-emperor cultivation after all and possessed thoroughly seasoned and unassailable Dao hearts. As such, they could not possibly be frightened for too long, quickly re-igniting their battle wills and taking action once more.

Countless streaks of terrifying power incessantly fell upon Li Xiaofei.

“All worldly affairs, good and bad, are mine alone to dictate. With one smile, I shall invert the wheel of life!”

Li Xiaofei uttered a long cry.

It moved the heavens and the galaxy, resonating across the stars.

He began to fight back.

Boom boom boom!

Dao sounds boomed out once more.

The Quasi-emperor battle had resumed.

This time, however, it instantly became white hot and many times fiercer than before.

All three Quasi-emperors were injured.

Like the legend had claimed, the more Li Xiaofei bled, the stronger he became.

Although he had endured many heavy blows such that his body was nearly wrecked, his strength never stopped increasing at an insane rate. When he waved a fist, green radiance began to circulate, forcing the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor and Quasi-emperor Mushan to retreat, for they dared not look directly at this radiance. Even so, they began to suffer injuries.

Li Xiaofei guffawed. “I trampled on the mountain gate of the Four Stars Sect four thousand years ago, and today I’m doing so again.”

Emperor roars filled the sky.

His wounded body was nearly invincible and becoming increasingly powerful.

“Ugh...” Quasi-emperor Mushan gave a frightened howl as he retreated, with his arms already battered.

At the same time, the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor also staggered back disbelievingly, spewing blood from his mouth. Having been struck by Li Xiaofei’s fist, cracks appeared on his doppelganger while rays of light nearly tore him apart.

“Kill!” He charged up while still spewing blood.

He no longer had a route of retreat.

His only choice was to fight to the death.

He had thought that everything had been calculated. Having launched a surprise attack at the start and ganged up with two other Quasi-emperors, killing Li Xiaofei was supposed to be a matter of time. Unexpectedly, however, this number one expert of four millenniums ago truly lived up to his name and was now on the verge of crushing them.

I must kill Li Xiaofei.

Otherwise, if he manages to get out of this battle alive, he might truly become Emperor.

“Ugh...” Quasi-emperor Mushan yelled harshly once more, having been kicked on the back of his head by Li Xiaofei. Although his head did not explode from the terrifying power, his facial features were frenziedly oozing blood. In particular, his eyeballs had shot out from their sockets and were presently drifting in the Void like two stars which burned with purple radiance.

He was now somewhat afraid.

How can the difference between us be this big when we’re both Quasi-emperors?

Although staggering, the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor was still trying his hardest.

The horror of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was fully displayed in this bloody battle.

In the distance, the Four Stars holy girl and the [Fatally Beautiful Fairy] had already turned pale-faced. They had vaguely sensed the imminence of defeat, and could only wonder how the situation developed in such a terrifying manner.

“Get up.”

A shout was heard.

Having finally restored his doppelganger, the macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor gave an angry roar and spread his hands. The lightning cone and hammer flew out from the hands of an astonished Jiang Xiaohan, turning into two beams of flowing light which soon fell into his hands. They then swelled along with the wind, becoming many times larger in size. Reddish-brown in color and covered in green patterns, the lightning cone was made from some unknown material and gave off a thick ancient qi. Instead, the lightning hammer was completely silver-colored and had a pure splendor, as if it was made from myriad silver-colored thunderbolts. Both of them contained an immense oppressive force.

After landing in the Quasi-emperor’s hands, this lightning cone and hammer pair became many times scarier than before, as if inner seals were removed and it was thereby revitalized.

Boom!

As cone and hammer collided, a boundless sea of green weapons smashed directly toward Li Xiaofei’s face instantly.

Similarly, the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor gave a loud shout before taking away the [Four Stars Sword] in the Four Stars holy girl’s hand.

As the sword hummed in his hand, it also seemed to become unsealed, suffusing an aura of terrifying power. An incomparably-vivid phantom of an ancient war Emperor soon appeared. It was wearing rattan armor and leather boots, while hanging at its waist was a stone sword. Below its messy hair was a dark and extremely distinct face on which simple yet strange totems were drawn using white paint. The aura emanating from this figure was many, many times more frightening than the Four Stars holy girl’s display of the sword’s secret technique.

Kill!

The Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor shouted as he struck down with both hands clutching the sword.

Behind him, the ancient Emperor also pulled out the stone sword from his waist and struck downward with it.

These two Quasi-emperors were finally putting their Emperor weapons to use.

Boundless laws and power surged wildly, inundating Li Xiaofei instantly.

This was because there was nothing in his hands.

“Though you may be strong, you can’t change the fact that you were born into a small family, that being the Li family of the Ming Domain. Four thousand years ago, you smashed the only licorice gourd while in the Black Demon Abyss. What can you do without a foundation today?” Quasi-emperor Mushan guffawed as he placed his eyeballs back into their sockets before performing a flank attack. With an Emperor weapon in hand, a Quasi-emperor’s strength would skyrocket. And if it was a truly top-class Emperor weapon, a Quasi-emperor would become able to confront a true martial Emperor . This was the frightening aspect of an Emperor weapon.

The situation was turned on its head once more.

Seeing this scene, Ye Qingyu became terribly anxious.

“Senior...” He shouted out loud, “Take this cauldron!”

Completely abandoning his own safety, he operated the technique of one hundred eight ancient characters and worked up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to the limits of his ability before throwing it toward the centermost of the battlefield.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1024:


Chapter 1039, The dust and soil of ten thousand years



The [Cloud Top Cauldron] which was emitting bright yellow mist, like an orange meteor, broke though the Quasi-emperor's Dao sound waves, speeding towards [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

And the moment the cauldron left him, Ye Qingyu felt the terrifying raging force that resembled the tide of destruction. Facing the aftermath of the Quasi-emperor battle, sharp severe pains spread all over his body like blades scraping his flesh, and as if his limbs would split apart the next moment. Ye Qingyu immediately summoned out the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] to his hand, and at the same time, a white stone pill cauldron appeared in his left hand, which, under the injection of yuan qi, was flickering with strange white light waves, counteracting the impact of the aftermath of the Quasi-emperor's battle to a certain extent.

“You... are you crazy?” Jiang Xiaohan exclaimed again upon seeing this scene.

She looked at Ye Qingyu with a bewildered expression.

Ye Qingyu didn't speak.

His eyes were firmly fixed on the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

He was only hoping that it could reach the hands of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

However——

Boom!

“That junior dares to spoil our big plan... die.”

Quasi-emperor Mushan looked back and recognized Ye Qingyu right away. His eyes were flashing killing intent, and he was overflowing with Emperor qi.

A giant finger formed between the violet formation chains, exactly aiming at the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Clang.

There was a strange resonant clang.

The bell sounded as though it was ringing in the hearts of everyone. All experts in the area felt as if an invisible hammer had struck their heart. It was an extremely bizarre feeling.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was seen releasing a layer of pale yellow light markings as it struck the violet finger, like the ripples formed when a stone is thrown into a calm lake. The inscription on the walls of the cauldron flashed, seemingly retaliating. Soon after, the giant violet finger collapsed, but the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was also exhausted, its light markings began to dim, as though it had lost all its power.

It had blocked the finger of a Quasi-emperor?!

All of the experts who had witnessed the scene were greatly surprised.

“Hey? A good chance.”

In the distance, a figure cried out, transforming into a stream of light and sped towards the dimmed [Cloud Top Cauldron].

He was going snatch the cauldron.

Anyone could see that the cauldron was a treasure. Under the attack of a Quasi-emperor, not only was it not destroyed, but it had shattered the finger of a Quasi-emperor. Why not take advantage of this moment when the huge cauldron had suffered a blow and was out of control to take possession of it.

Almost at the same time, there were two or three figures rushing towards the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that had been sent flying.

Everyone wanted to snatch the cauldron.

“You want to die.”

Ye Qingyu was infuriated.

At this time, if [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] were defeated, the Four Stars Sect and that Lord of the dark [Camp] would rule the world, and then all of the people present would have to die. These experts were really shortsighted to not know to unite to reverse the present situation and instead were still fighting each other.

Without killing, the bad people would not be deterred.

Ye Qingyu shook his hand slightly, the white jade stone cauldron floated above his head, emitting white mist that hung down to shroud him. While the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] transformed into a sword net that fully protected him. Then Ye Qingyu's ten fingers were constantly changing and pinched together. It was unknown how many hand seals he had performed, forming an ancient mysterious symbol.

“The sky as the cover, the ground as fire, life as the medium, and the mundane world as the furnace. The refining of three thousand creatures... complete, medicine pour out to the world!”

Ye Qingyu recited an ancient pill mantra in a slow rhythm yet was completed in the blink of an eye.

A red pill medicine appeared on his chest.

It was the fire pill that Ye Qingyu found in the [Tusita Palace] before.

The fire pill, triggered by the ancient mysterious symbol that Ye Qingyu formed with hand seals, flew out right away.

“The [Pill Control] technique!”

The Four Stars holy girl exclaimed upon seeing this scene.

And the [White Jade Capital] successor as well as the Crown Prince of the Black Demon Abyss also had a look of utter shock across their face.

It was the lost [Pill Control] technique!

Ye Qingyu had even mastered such a secret technique.

The [Pill Control] technique belonged to the Dao Pill Emperor of the Three Emperors and Five Sovereigns, and had once deterred an era and crushed thousands of races. The [Pill Control] technique had dominated an era, but later was lost with the disappearance of the Dao Pill Emperor. He did not leave behind any inheritance, and in the end disappeared from the heavens and earth. But compared to the original Dao Pill Emperor, it was like a spark and the scorching sun; the gap was tremendous.

In particular, the [Pill Control] technique had not reappeared for more than tens of thousands of years.

Because this was a top attacking technique that had demanding cultivation requirements. It not only asked the pill cultivator to possess a strong cultivation base, but also to have the cooperation of a divine pill. The ordinary pills only had the effect of saving lives, how could it possess the power to kill? Any one of the two was difficult to achieve, let alone that the [Pill Control] technique required martial arts and the pill to fuse?

Nobody expected this supreme pill technique to reappear on Ye Qingyu.

What kind of secret did the deputy envoy of the Human Race have?

These thoughts flashed through the minds of all experts present.

At the same time, the terrifying power of [Pill Control] technique had already revealed fierce fangs.

The fire pill that launched out initially resembled a little spark in the magnificent cosmic starry sky, but the next moment the little spark, as though it had fallen into a pot of oil, all of a sudden lit up a large area of Void with an explosive boom. An ancient fire dragon of hundreds of kilometers emerged from the sea of fire. With the slam of the dragon tail, the figures that had attempted to snatch the [Cloud Top Cauldron] were directly swatted away like flies.

One of the figures in front was directly crushed by the giant dragon tail, broken into tens of millions of fragments, scattering in the Void. Then, the Ddagon tail that was shrouded in pill flames prevented him from assembling back together, instantly incinerating him.

“Ah...” Another figure screamed out tragically, his body set aflame with pill fire, frantically retreating.

The other figures were similarly engulfed by the flames of the divine dragon, screaming and pulling back rapidly.

The divine flame dragon shuttled back and forth like lightning, its huge body wrapped around the [Cloud Top Cauldron], bringing it over to Ye Qingyu, shrank, and eventually turned into a red divine pill and suspended above Ye Qingyu's head.

Ye Qingyu had once again regained control of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

He did not speak, did not pursue those who tried to snatch the cauldron, but continued to activate all the yuan qi in his body, and with the help of the power of the fire pill, again triggered the [Cloud Top Cauldron] using the one hundred eight ancient characters, even the power of the [Blood Drinker Sword] was utilized. The dull [Cloud Top Cauldron] once again was flashing blinding brilliance, bright yellow mist pouring out. The aura was countless times more powerful than when Ye Qingyu activated it the last time.

He was going to try again.

He must send the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to the hands of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Quasi-emperor Mushan, whose attack had failed, had completely fixed his attention on Ye Qingyu. The junior who was like an ant in his eyes had unexpectedly dared to go against the will of a Quasi-emperor again and again. His tremendous dharma body took another turn, temporarily abandoning the battle against [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] to charge toward Ye Qingyu.

“Die!”

The giant violet foot lifted up, like stepping on an ant, stomp back down at Ye Qingyu.

This time it was not the remarkable ability of a Quasi-emperor, but the dharma body of a Quasi-emperor stomping down. His purple footprint covered a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers that even the power of law simply would not allow any avoidance and resistance, and even a star would be trampled to fine powder. Under the fluctuation of the law, all the experts were like loach in a flood, retreating uncontrollably.

Ye Qingyu only felt as if the weight of the whole world was pressing down on his body.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] in the distance did not come to his rescue right away upon seeing this scene.

“Brother Lu Wei, still not making a move? What are you waiting for?” He dodged the lightning cone and hammer and the attack of the [Four Stars Sword].

Before his voice faded.

“Sigh, tens of thousands of years of dust and soil, the sin and achievements of three thousand worlds... Who saves the world, who is intoxicated by the railing? The aged person who is no longer young enters into the worldly affairs without hiding away his achievements or name,” an old voice sounded.

Then, everyone only felt that an unfathomable, extremely distant and strange power had appeared without warning.

This power was not in the slightest bit weaker than the strength of the four Quasi-emperors, but also contained otherworldly might and pressure.

Then there were two more figures at Ye Qingyu's side.

One of the figures, calm and unruffled, lifted his hand and gathered into a fist to meet the giant violet foot of Quasi-emperor Mushan.

Boom!

The sound of the great Dao resounded.

Quasi-emperor Mushan gasped in pain, his huge body staggered and reeled back, and his face twisted with shock.

“Who are you?” he shouted.

Ye Qingyu was incredibly surprised to see the two figures next to him.

It was the strange crane-haired and young-looking old man, and the stubborn and arrogant youngster Lu Wei.

And the person who made the move was the old man.

To be able to counter the attack of Quasi-emperor Mushan, the old man's strength was indeed frightening and should at least be a Quasi-emperor existence.

It was another Quasi-emperor!

“Help me look after Little Wei.” The old man smiled at Ye Qingyu, before stepping toward the Quasi-emperor battlefield in huge strides.

With every step he made, his figure was doubled in size.

In the blink of an eye, he had already taken ten steps.

The old man's figure was as great as that of a Fiendgod, and not in the slightest bit inferior to the other four Quasi-emperors.

It was indeed another Quasi-emperor.

The eyes of the experts around were wide with shock, mouth gaping open.



Ye Qingyu also rubbed his eyes, bit the tip of his tongue to check that it was not an illusion.

The old man was a Quasi-emperor?

He was already aware that the crane-haired old man was extraordinary before, but did not dare to associate him with being a Quasi-emperor. Ye Qingyu’s heart was suddenly replaced by great joy and excitement to know that not everyone was standing on the side of the chaotic and evil [Camp]. At the critical moment there was still a supreme existence in the Human Race.

This Quasi-emperor was obviously acquainted with [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], and was standing on the side of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Reinforcements were finally here.

Ye Qingyu felt that the weight on his shoulder had lightened, and could finally take a deep breath.

“You were lucky to reach the Dao, promoted to Quasi-emperor, but do not know how to cherish it, and hastily got involved in the calamity, picked up the fruit of karma.” The old man blocked Quasi-emperor Mushan's path, eyes glowed with wisdom and pity.

When the old man spoke, his silver hair was fluttering in the air, like a plant growing wildly. In the desolate and dark starry sky, his hair and beard were twinkling with silvery glow, like leaping silver flames. In the blink of an eye it was unknown how many kilometers it had extended across, seemingly to wrap around the entire Quasi-emperor battlefield.

This was evidently a divine ability——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

