Chapter 185:


Chapter 186 - A phrase, a sword stroke

The people of Jianghu were known to play around, typically completely ignoring the Imperial laws. But when they truly encountered experts of the military that held true power, they would feel uneasy.

When they saw officers from the army such Liu Zongyuan, call the white-robed youth 'Brother Ye', the crowd was greatly shocked. At the same time, they realized that the wealthy white-robed youth was not as simple as they had previously imagined.

"Sorry to have kept my two brothers waiting." Ye Qingyu seemed as if nothing had occurred at all, as calm as clouds in a light breeze. With a slight smile, he stood up, "Let's go."

Liu Zongyuan nodded his head.

His gaze swept across the crowd of Jianghu people. Apart from the black-haired elder of the Crepe Myrtle sect, no one dared to meet the eyes of an expert from the army that was like a sharp cold blade. They all lowered their heads.

The [Flying Divine Monkey] Huang Ran was in an awkward position. Standing there, he could neither push forward nor retreat; he was like a stone sculpture.

And Wei Tianming in a far off table had a completely green face, not daring to say anything.

"Haha, good, let's go. Mad Tiger Wen is waiting anxiously; if we wait any longer, then he'll go crazy again," Liu Zongyuan said with a large grin.

Besides him, there was a little manager wearing golden silk clothing. His manner was extremely respectful towards Liu Zongyuan.

Seeing this scene, the Jianghu crowd became even more anxious in their hearts.

The [Breeze and Drizzle Building] was a particularly special place within Youyan Pass. It was famous outside and was also a significant place within Jianghu. The rules of this building, the people of Jianghu largely understood the rules of this building. People on the fourth floor and under would be received by the servers while those who were received by the little managers wearing golden fabric represented the true experts and powerful nobles.

For the little manager wearing golden fabric to be so respectful to the black armoured military officer, one could determine that his position within the army was absolutely not low.

For such an officer to be courteous towards this white-robed youth and vaguely seemed to respect him… this white-robed youth, just what was his identity?

The crowd could not help but be aghast with shock.

Ye Qingyu and Bai Yuanxing rose, then headed towards the [White Jade Stairs] accompanied by Liu Zongyuan.

When they passed by Huang Ran, Ye Qingyu did not speak, but Liu Zongyuan abruptly stopped.

As this iron blooded military warfare officer looked at the so called [Flying Divine Monkey] the smile on his face retreated. A killing intent was exposed as he spoke, "Huang Ran? Three months ago, you were in the Deer Mountain Range; under the Seven Flying Mist Waterfalls, you ambushed and killed the third generation disciple of the Crepe Myrtle sect, Liu Youtian. You also stole the [Crepe Myrtle Dailuo] cultivation technique manual from him, then shifted the blame to people of the Flying Mist sect. [JR1] Yet today, your relation is so good with the people of Crepe Myrtle sect?"

Before he’d even finished.

Huang Ran was as if struck by lightning; his face turning tragic.

His entire body quivered, screeching: "You… who are you? You are speaking nonsense; you are falsely accusing me…”

On the other side, the people of the Crepe Myrtle sect, including the [Flying Heaven Sword] Wei Tianming, completely changed their facial expressions.

[Shooting Star Sword] Liu Youtian had been killed three months ago. It was an incident that made the entire Crepe Myrtle sect tragic and furious. Afterwards, through their secret investigation, they suspected the perpetrator to be the people of the Flying Mist sect. Crepe Myrtle sect was currently preparing to eradicate Flying Mist sect, to pay blood back with blood. It was just that an elder class expert felt that this matter had some inconsistencies and temporarily halted the operation. Everyone from the Crepe Myrtle sect was furious, because the [Shooting Star Sword] was extremely popular within the third generation disciples of the sect…

Who would have guessed that this military officer would blurt out such a secret?

Seeing Huang Ran's reaction, those that were clever would most likely know that the accusation was true.

The atmosphere immediately became strange in the large hall.

After saying this phrase, Liu Zongyuan did not say anything more. He accompanied Ye Qingyu with a smile and left using the small scale teleportation formation [White Jade Stairs].

Huang Ran was currently loudly explaining something.

One of Liu Zongyuan's trusted expert following behind turned around to look at Huang Ran. With a chilling smile, he said, "You did it, but you don't dare admit it. So many useless words… The person surnamed Huang, I've heard that your thirty-seven moves of the wind and lightning staff is known as invincible for all under twenty Spirit springs."

Huang Ran right now felt hatred and anger. Hearing this, he screamed, "What about it?"

This trusted armoured soldier was only at most twenty or so years of age, with a fair face. He coldly smiled, "Then bring out your wind and lightning staff!”

Huang Ran hesitated.

The trusted soldier gradually took out the long blade at his waist, the cold glimmer of the blade bursting out. Holding the hilt of the blade in one hand, he said, "Bring out your wind and lightning staff."

Huang Ran only just understood the opposing party's intention.

He was instantly enraged.

The previous black armoured officer’s strength was powerful; he perhaps was not his opponent. But for a tiny little soldier to dare unsheathe his blade in front of him, did they really think that the fame of Jianghu was false?

Huang Ran drew his hand across the air, a copper staff appearing in his hands. It was the thickness of a duck's egg, with coiling dragon patterns[2] and was flickering with light. It was evidently a Spirit weapon.

"Why don't you act…” With a staff in his hand, Huang Ran's aura greatly increased and he said these words in a mocking manner.

Today I will let you experience the power of the wind and lightning staff.

Before he could finish his words a cold light, like the light of the galaxy descending to mortal land, had already met him.

Huang Ran lifted his staff to meet his opponent.

Pang!

An explosive clash of metal meeting shook one’s eardrums.

When the standard military issue blade met the staff, the wind and lightning staff was like an anaconda that had been frightened, madly struggling and vibrating in Huang Ran's hands. This huge power caused the skin of Huang Ran's hand to drip fresh blood, as if the bones in his wrist had been broken. His arm immediately could not be lifted anymore…

Heavens, what was this power?

Too terrifying.

The next instant, the standard military blade had already pressed against his throat.

Huang Ran was completely dumbfounded, cold sweat dripping down. His face was deathly pale, like a dog from a mourning family, with a decrepit expression.

The young armoured soldier coldly smiled, "With your standard, you are fit to be known as invincible under the twenty Spirit strings? You are really a frog in the well. If I casually chose any of the soldiers with fifteen Spirit springs and above in the Vanguard, they could completely slaughter you in a second. Like a clown, with your foolish conceit, to dare jump out. To not even know your own death you dare make trouble for Master Ye."

The cultivation of the young soldier was nineteen Spirit springs.

The truth speaks louder than words.

Huang Ran did not even dare say a word, deathly afraid that the blade would draw across and end his life.

As the young soldier finished, his wrist shook.

The standard military blade turned into a flash of lightning, cutting apart Huang Ran’s interdimensional pouch. An assortment of items fell to the ground. Within the items, there was a violet manual, which attracted the most attention… "[Crepe Myrtle Dailuo] cultivation technique?" A Crepe Myrtle disciple screeched, so shocked that he screamed.

The young soldier coldly smiled, sheathing his blade. He did not say anything else, turning and leaving.

He did not need to say anything else.

At this time, everyone in the hall no longer paid any more attention to this young soldier.

In an instant, every Crepe Myrtle disciple's gaze fell on this manual.

"Why is it that the [Crepe Myrtle Dailuo] cultivation technique of senior brother Liu Youtian would be on your body? Huang Ran, give me an explanation…" Wei Tianming could no longer hold back his shout.

Connecting the words that Liu Zongyuan had previously said, the truth was already evident.联

The third generation disciple [Shooting Star Sword] Liu Youtian's death most likely had something to do with the [Flying Divine Monkey] Huang Ran.

Huang Ran had panic on his face; his mouth was stuttering and was not able to say anything. He did not have any of the confidence he felt when he was plotting against Ye Qingyu.

"Huang Ran you bastard. 'One knows the person's face' but one does not know the person’s heart.' To think that you did such a thing." "I peh[3] [1], to think that I called you hero Huang just then, I really was blind." "Everyone, I think that the [Flying Divine Monkey] has already fallen to the evil ways. To ambush the great hero Liu Youtian. Today we must not let him escape alive…”

The men of the Jianghu in this hall changed their stances quicker than flicking through a book. Previously they called him hero Huang, but at this moment, they were all cursing and insulting him.

The [Flying Heaven Sword] Wei Tianming slapped the table and rose. "Huang Ran, to think that I previously thought of you as my brother and treated you sincerely. I introduced so many people of the Jianghu to you and have always protected you. Who would have guessed that you had the face of a human but the heart of a beast? To dare steal the secret manual and kill my senior brother Liu Youtian, this is really unforgivable. Today, I will take revenge for my senior brother Liu Youtian!"

As he said this, his long sword shot out.

Wei Tianming turned into a ray of light, flashing and arriving to kill.

The longsword[4] in his hands became a dragon-like ray, extremely rapid, the surrounding air exploding. Everyone in the hall felt as if the radiance of the sun had shone into their eyes; no one was able to open their eyes, using their hands to cover their faces…[5]

The burning light flashed by and was gone.

When the vision of everyone returned to normal, there was a sword embedded in Huang Ran's chest.

This sword was held in Wei Tianming's hands.

"You… I… you…" Huang Ran had eyes of disbelief as he looked at Wei Tianming. Within his eyes there was a thick hatred and unwillingness to accept this. He struggled to say something but, instantly, Wei Tianming retrieved his sword and added another palm strike to his chest.

Huang Ran spat out fresh blood, his figure meeting the heavens[2].[6]

His eyes were round and open, not dying in peace.

"Brother Liu, I've taken revenge for you!" Wei Tianming let out a long sigh.

The surrounding people all went and comforted Wei Tianming.

The black-haired, middle-aged Shishu in the table far off had a trace of suspicion that flashed across his eyes. It was unknown what he was thinking about…

As for the gorgeous girl Nan Hua, her eyes were always in the direction of the teleportation formation [White Jade Stairs].

Ye Qingyu and the others’ figures had already disappeared within the small scale teleportation formation.

However, Nan Hua did not recover for a long time.

"Who would have thought that the history of that white-robed youth is not little. Most likely he is some young master of some noble family. No wonder he is handsome and elegant, with an exceptional quality. But this is really a pity. If only I knew about this earlier, I already had several opportunities to interact with him; I've let it go in vain…”

Nan Hua could not help but regret this.

But very quickly a self-confident smile once again appeared on her lips.

"Since I'll be in the Pass for a very long time, there's plenty of opportunities for me[7] . For such a hot-blooded youth, he is probably easily handled. I'm not afraid that he won't get hooked. I'll find an opportunity and use some methods; it'll be very easy to [8] [9] [10] figure out his background. Haha, this wealthy white-robed person can be considered a decent backup…"

The girl of the Crepe Myrtle sect thought.

The hall settled down very quickly.

The corpse of Huang Ran had already naturally been taken care of by the restaurant. The laws of the Snow Empire were extremely strict, but it did not restrict people of the Jianghu from taking vengeance on each other. Wei Tianming killing Huang Ran was a matter between the people of the Jianghu; the military would not pursue this further.

The matters of the Jianghu would be left to be solved by the Jianghu.

This was a tradition.

The atmosphere and mood of the Jianghu people on the fourth floor receded a lot.

Everyone from the sects originally was in an energetic mood, feeling that they were invincible. They were immortal characters here to save the mortal world; their self-confidence surging too high. Coming to Youyan Pass, they were in the role of a saviour, but they never would have thought that they would encounter such an incident.

Before they had even entered the battlefield, they were fiercely struck on the head by the white-robed youth and the young armoured soldier.

One phrase, a sword stroke, made them so shocked that they did not even dare to speak any longer…

At this moment, everyone was not as arrogant and conceited as they were before…

Everyone became much more honest.

"Just what is the identity of that white-robed youth?"

This was the question in many people’s hearts.

There were many people quietly discussing this.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 186:


Chapter 187 - Imperial court and the sects

While the Jianghu people were discussing things disappointedly, Wen Wan and Ye Qingyu had already arrived at a quiet booth on the eighth floor.

"Little bastard, your wrist is slightly large these days, wanting to pretend to be self-important? To make the two of us old men wait for such a long time." When Wen Wan saw Ye Qingyu, he could not help but hop up and glare at him.

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly and said, "If I do not remember wrong, the time that we have arranged to meet, should be exactly at noon. Look at the position of that sundial…"

Wen Wan turned his head to look. The direction the shadow was pointing at on the sundial, was still a finger's width till noon.

It was still not noon just yet.

It really wasn't time yet?

Mad Tiger Wen blinked his eyes.

Why did he feel that he had already waited for a long time here?

For it not to have reached the appointed time yet[1] .

He was dumbfounded [2] for a moment, then instantly responded in an unresigned angry tone, "So what? You are of the younger generation, can you not come a little earlier to wait for us. Instead you make the two of us old men wait for you? Just what kind of reasoning is this!"

Fine.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hands in surrender.

Comparing the standards of being unreasonable, he really was not the opponent of Mad Tiger Wen.

"Haha, the time is just right. Everyone quickly sit. Let's first agree, we're not returning without being drunk." Liu Zongyuan laughed boisterously, bringing Ye Qingyu to the main seat of the room.

The four trusted soldiers behind him were also young men not exceeding twenty-five years. They were true elite soldiers that had survived along with him through numerous battles. They had been looked favourably upon by Liu Zongyuan and heavily cultivated. They had great room for development in the future, and at least were soldiers who would become military warfare officers. Within the army, they had some fame.

At this time, the four people and Bai Yuanxing were sitting in the supplementary table outside the room.

The ages of the five people were similar, so their conversation was enjoyable.

At the beginning Bai Yuanxing was somewhat restrained. With his strength, normally he would not have the right to sit together with expert soldiers like these. But behind him, after all, was a little Marquis famed throughout Youyan Pass. Even Liu Zongyuan was respectful towards Ye Qingyu. The four young soldiers would naturally not be disrespectful in the least towards Bai Yuanxing.

The atmosphere gradually became harmonious.

The three people were currently seated at the main table of the room.

"Why did you run to the fourth floor?" Wen Wan laughingly poured wine, completely filling Ye Qingyu’s and Liu Zongyuan's cups.

Ye Qingyu smiled and replied, "I encountered some people of the Jianghu and was curious in my heart. I went to see the graceful bearing of the rumoured good men of Jianghu who goes from high to high."

Wen Wan laughed loudly, "And the result? Are you satisfied with the graceful bearing of the good men of Jianghu?”

Before Ye Qingyu could speak, Liu Zongyuan had already answered for him. Coldly sneering he said, "What good men of Jianghu, they are just a mob. This time the reward of the enlistment of the army is extremely high causing some clowns of Jianghu to see their chance. Adding to this, someone is agitating the waves; there are clowns from thousands of kilometers away rushing to Youyan Pass, wanting to share in the gain. These people came for the riches available,[3] and the people who have arrived at the Pass these days are people with substandard strength. Not knowing how to die, the army has already arrested several who caused trouble in the Pass.”

When he was on the fourth floor, Liu Zongyuan had already long known everything that had occurred there.

But his considerations were the same as Ye Qingyu. He did not want to cause trouble and be placed with the blame of spoiling the cooperation between the sects and the army. Therefore he artfully took care of Huang Ran, at the same time, he dealt a retaliatory blow for Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was a clever person, so he naturally understood the intricacies behind this.

After he heard Liu Zongyuan finish speaking, Ye Qingyu nodded his head while saying, "That's right, although the strength of these men of Jianghu is not bad, they lack discipline, not liking any constraints. There are too many with flighty dispositions, and as for the spirit of brotherhood in Janghu, it seems more like the spirit of bandits. Even if they are released to the battlfield, most likely they would not prove to be of much use.

"The bosses from the military, their brains must have been kicked. To have really released such a foolish summon." No wonder Wen Wan was Mad Tiger Wen, he dared to say anything. Lifting his cup, "I don't care anymore. Come, come, come. Let's first drink a cup then speak."

The three lifted their cups, hitting them together.

As the excellent wine entered into Ye Qingyu's mouth, he felt a warmth in his chest, his entire person feeling utterly comfortable. He could not but sigh in praise, "Good wine.”

Wen Wan chuckled, "The [Breeze brew] and the [Drizzle brew] both used to be tributes to the Emperor. Only the Imperial family could drink it, and although we can now buy it, one earthen jar is worth a thousand golds[4] [5] .”

Ye Qingyu squinted at him from the side, and could not help but suspiciously ask, "Really? It's really rare for Mad Tiger Wen to be so generous."

Wen Wan answered in a strange tone, "What do you mean? I'm not paying for the meal today!" "If it's not you, could it be…” Ye Qingyu was taken aback then looked towards Liu Zongyuan.

Liu Zongyuan instantly said in an upright tone, "There's no need for Marquis Ye to look at me. I am only a tiny little military warfare officer; my wage is pitifully small. My entire month’s salary is not enough to pay for one earthen jar…”

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded, then was instantly amused and outraged by the shamelessness of these two martial officers. "Then today you invited me, is to make me pay? To even have chosen such a pricey place, you had long planned to completely ruin me."

Wen Wan chuckled gleefully, "Since you were bestowed with your title of marquis, you obtained a significant amount of money, why be so stingy?"

Ye Qingyu was utterly speechless.

Originally, Wen Wan was shameless, but at least Liu Zongyuan was somewhat reliable. In the end, those near the cinnabar would turn red; Liu Zongyuan was becoming more and more shameless. He really was too incautious when making friends.

"Returning to the subject, the considerations of the summons of the army must be greater than what we can think of. The writers of the official military documents brains are so devious, even a little bit squeezed out is enough to make someone fall into a scheme." Liu Zongyuan brought the subject back to what they were originally discussing. "To make such a decision, they must have some other plans. Most likely, this time, the opponent that the Empire needs to take care of, is not only the Demon Race but also the sects within the Empire." "Taking action against the sects?" Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Liu Zongyuan nodded his head, saying, "This is only my guess. Think about it. Ever since the Empire was founded, the sects have always been placed outside the law. The laws and rules of the Empire are completely useless against the three schools and the three factions, the six top sects[6] [7] [8] of the Empire. It is prohibited for us to arrest them for crimes. Within the sects, there has never been a lack of top level experts. For the Imperial family of the Empire, this is, in the end, a shade over their hearts. As the saying goes, the matters of Jianghu will be resolved in the Jianghu. It sounds good, and countless Jianghu people feel proud of this statement, but this, for the Empire, is already a significant humiliation. Everywhere under the heaven is the Emperor's soil, and everyone is the subject of the Empire. Just what is the reason for the Emperor not being allowed to interfere in the lives of the subjects within the area he rules?"

Liu Zongyuan spoke a lot in one breath.

Ye Qingyu faintly understood after hearing this.

Wen Wan laughed slightly, "To want to eradicate the sects is not that easy. The great founding Emperor, just how powerful and mighty was he. And even he could only negotiate with the six large sects. The Snow Empire today has wasted far too much energy against the Snow Ground Demon Court, and they are in an even worse position to resist against the top class experts of the sects. This time the enlistment is merely urging the wolves to swallow the tiger, then watch the fires burning across the river. (delay entering the fray until opponents are exhausted fighting against each other) However, what we have summoned this time is a horde of mice. They cannot even be counted as wolves, then how can we sit back and reap the harvest?"

Ye Qingyu looked in surprise at Wen Wan.

This mad tiger seemed like a brute, but he had some inner qualities. To think that he could be so incisive when looking at matters.

Liu Zongyuan nodded his head when he finished hearing his words. "This is hard to say. After all, the Imperial family of the Empire has nominal sovereignty. Even the large sects have to give some face to the Imperial family. Even though it is a rabble that have come to Youyan Pass in these days, but the true geniuses and experts of the sects will slowly arrive. At that time, everything will be made clear." "True experts?" Wen Wan chuckled, "Those old monsters shouldn't appear. If [One blade], [Twin swords], [One whip], [Three Dragon and Three Phoenix], these characters of the true dragon rankings appear, then it will be really lively. At that time Little Ye can meet the inheritors of the six top sects." "Why am I the topic again?" Ye Qingyu glared at Mad Tiger Wen.

The three laughed boisterously, drinking again.

As they had three rounds of drinks, the delicious food and delicacies began to be served.

The cooking arts of the chefs of the [Breeze and Drizzle building] were very famous. It was naturally extremely delicious. Ye Qingyu's appetite could not help but be greatly aroused, beginning to devour ravenously. Since these two martial brutes wanted to take advantage of him, then he should eat more and gain something back first.

As they were eating, a clamour suddenly came from the outside.

Very quickly, the little manager wearing golden silk clothing came in and apologized with a smile, "Three honoured guests, sorry to interrupt you. Recently a strange white little dog and a silver snake that can fly have appeared from who knows where. They often come here to steal food, and are extremely nimble. We've tried to capture them several times without succeeding. This time they have come, and have [9] stolen three jars of [Breeze brew]. The experts of the restaurant have gone out to chase them, so therefore it is a bit noisy. Please don't take offence!"

A white little dog?

A silver snake that can fly?

Ye Qingyu was stunned, then instantly realized something. He said in a natural tone, "These type of little robbers are really hateful. You must capture it and beat them!"

The little manager said many agreements, giving them complimentary wine then retreated.

Wen Wan grinned roguishly, looking at Ye Qingyu. He was about to say something, when he could hear someone let out an exhalation of shock from the four soldiers of the Vanguard outside. Then the four stood up uniformly, armours clanking, evidently performing a military salute…

When they turned their heads to look, a middle-aged man that was evidently short and stout, gradually walked in.

This short and stout middle-aged man seemed to be around thirty years of age. His face was white and clean, face filled with amiableness, a gentle smile filling his face. He seemed like a wealthy man completely at peace with the world, with no hair at all on his face. He wore a black-coloured cotton robe, without any aura or impulsiveness whatsoever. In his right hand, there were two silver-coloured Baiding balls that were swirling…

If one had met such a normal looking chubby person on the streets, most likely you would not even give him a second glance…

But at this moment, Wen Wan jumped up like his bum had been hacked by a blade.

An expression of startlement appeared on the face of the normally stable Liu Zongyuan. He quickly stood up.

Ye Qingyu was also surprised, clasping his hands and paying his greetings. "Commander[10] Liu!"

This normal looking short and stout man had a great background. He was one of the six huge figures of Youyan Pass.

The commander of the Vanguard.

Liu Siufeng!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 187:


Chapter 188 - The suddenly arrived demonic qi

Apart from the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge, there were six huge figures of the Youyan army. They were the commanders of the Vanguard, Rear Camp, Left and Right Camp, the head of the Military Supply Department as well as head of the Military Council. These six commanders of the army were the peak existences of the military.

And among these six great figures, this Liu [1] Siufeng was the most famous.

If you look at his amiable aura and the image of his white chubby appearance, it is really hard to link it together with the legends regarding him. It was said that he had slaughtered millions of demons. Within the Snow Ground Demon Court, the name Liu Siufeng existed side by side with titles such as Death God, Demon King, and Monster[2] . When the Demon Races discussed of him, their faces would pale in fear.

The Vanguard of the four great camps had a fierce way of doing things, with strict discipline. It was said that this was influenced by the way Liu Siufeng personally did things.

Tens of days ago, in the bestowal ceremony, Ye Qingyu saw Liu Siufeng for the first time. He could not help but be taken back. It was very difficult to connect the fair faced chubby man with the fierce commander of the Vanguard.

The two had a short exchange at the bestowal ceremony, so they were not complete strangers.

As they saw Liu Siufeng enter, both Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan quickly rose to give a military salute.

Liu Siufeng amiably nodded his head, telling everyone not to act so restrained. Then he said with a smile, "Today I had a meeting within this restaurant, and coincidentally heard the little Marquis was also here. Therefore I came to have a look…"

Ye Qingyu quickly said he did not dare.

Even though he had become a Marquis, but compared to a huge figure of the Empire like Liu Siufeng, there was still a large difference no matter when comparing status or military contributions.

From all areas of evaluation concerning this commander of the Vanguard, apart from being fierce and vicious in battle, it was basically all positive. In front of this person who had so many achievements for the Empire, Ye Qingyu did not dare to pretend to be self-important at all.

In reality, when he was at White Deer Academy, Ye Qingyu had already read a record concerning the different army leaders of the Empire. In the introduction concerning Liu Siufeng, there was a phrase that Ye Qingyu remembered clearly even until now— "The great [Army of Youyan Pass] safeguards the Northern gates of the Empire. Fifty percent is due to one of the ten great warriors, Lu Zhaoge, and thirty percent is thanks to the contribution of the commander of the Vanguard. The other twenty percent, is thanks to the other people of the Youyan army…

From this, one could see just how important Liu Siufeng was to the [Youyan army] and the borders of the Empire.

As for the lifetime achievements of Liu Siufeng, Ye Qingyu could not help but be impressed.

He had always admired Liu Siufeng like an idol. But seeing him in reality, even though he could not help but have a feeling of his idol being destroyed due to his outer appearance. Still, Ye Qingyu clearly knew, a person should not be judged by their outer appearance. For someone with such an ordinary appearance, to have such a high reputation, he must have his particular qualities.

"On the day of the bestowal ceremony, the process was rushed so we could not talk fully." Liu Siufeng smiled, the silver steel balls in his hands swirling, a strange aura of the sun and moon moving in motion together. "On that day, you once said that you had the intention to serve in the Vanguard. I wonder just what your decision is after several days of consideration?"

His words were straightforward and direct.

There was unexpectedly a slight hint of impatience in his words.

Liu Zongyuan and Wen Wan could not help but sneakily give each other a glance, both able to see the surprise in each other’s eyes.

Commander Liu was a famed person for having high expectations. For the soldiers of the Vanguard, he had extremely strict requirements. There were many noble families of the Empire that wanted to place their family members into the Vanguard, making the ordinary seem special. But they were all decisively rejected. In these years, it normally was people asking him for a favour. He had never invited anyone into the Vanguard of his own initiative.

It was said that the military had greatly advertised Ye Qingyu's actions, and there was a momentum to cultivate him into the hero of the army. But with the personality of Commander Liu, he would not pay attention to this fake fame at all. Those so called geniuses, even if they really had talent, would all be sniffed at by Commander Liu…

And today, he would think so highly of brother Ye?

Ye Qingyu hearing this, quickly said, "Thank you for Commander's heavy favour, I do not deserve your praise. I have already made my decision, I am willing to enter into the Vanguard, to hear the instructions of the Commander.”

Liu Siufeng began laughing uproariously, "Good, this is a wise choice by the Little Marquis. I can finally put this matter to rest…” Saying this, he lightly patted Ye Qingyu's shoulder and continued to speak, "I've commanded soldiers for tens of years, and have seen countless of people. I have seen many of those so called geniuses. But none of them have been able to arouse my love for talent and want to raise him as the next Commander. Little Marquis, you are the first."

As these words were said, apart from feeling greatly surprised, Ye Qingyu rushed to say, "Commander, you have over praised me."

Liu Zongyuan and Wen Wan on the side, however, were not too greatly startled by this.

The personality of Liu Siufeng had always been direct and straightforward. The way he said and did things, he would not go about in a roundabout fashion. There were very little matters he would hide in his heart. Since he had said such words out, then it was real, he would not put on false pretense and give fake praise.

For Commander Liu to have such an evaluation of Ye Qingyu made the two both shocked and overjoyed.

Previously when Ye Qingyu had gravely offended the head of the Supply Department Zhang San, he could be said to have made a great enemy within the army. In the future, he would definitely suffer the vengeance and obstructions of Zhang San. But right now, when Commander Liu spoke such words without any disguise, then this represented that there was a mountain he could rely on that was even higher than Zhang San's. This meant they did not need to worry too much.

As these words were said, and received Ye Qingyu's affirmation, the mood of Liu Siufeng became especially pleased.

He stayed to speak some more, and Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan mustered their courage to give him a toast. He did not reject, drinking it all in one cup, then turned and left for his meeting.

Before he left, he once again reminded Ye Qingyu that very quickly someone would specially hand over the prepared uniform and seal for Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu and the others rose to see him off.

After Liu Siufeng had left, the three returned to their seats, looking at each other, then bursting into laughter.

"This is my first time seeing such an impatient expression appear on the Commander. Haha, I nearly couldn't bear it and almost burst out laughing. His expression, was as if he was a little bit late, brother Ye would have been stolen away by someone else," Liu Zongyuan could not restrain himself from saying such with a smile.

Wen Wan said in an excited tone, "This is great, since Commander Liu has such high expectations for this little bastard, then in the future it will be much easier within the army. From now on as long as I throw the name of this little bastard out, let's see who dares incite me within the Vanguard."

Ye Qingyu was completely speechless.

“That's not right. It's not like you don't understand the Commander's personality. The higher the expectations he has for someone, the stricter his requirements. From my perspective, the reason Commander was so amiable with brother Ye was because he was not yet a person of the Vanguard. When brother Ye wears the battle robes of the Vanguard, the Commander will treat him like he is a normal soldier, or perhaps even stricter." Liu Zongyuan shook his head.

As he finished saying this, he could not help but once again remind Ye Qingyu that he should not be beside himself with joy just because of today's meeting. Within the army, one relied on military contributions. He should not become conceited over someone's favour and break military discipline.

"You really are such a woman." Wen Wan looked in disdain at Liu Zongyuan, and said in a tone of contempt, "what you just said, do you think the little bastard doesn't know? This fellow is extremely devious. You don't need to worry about him. He'll be able to perform even better at the same tasks than us. There's a pole in his heart that can be used to measure everything in the world." "That's right." Liu Zongyuan thought back to the things Ye Qingyu had achieved. He suddenly felt that his worry and reminders were needless. For a monster like Ye Qingyu, using the words ‘accomplishing many when young’ was not even enough to describe him.

Ye Qingyu could not hold back his laughter after seeing the bickering of the two.

LIke a cyclone, they completely devoured all the dishes on the table. There was only wine left.

"The Commander said he came here for a meeting," Wen Wan said in a curious tone. "Why don't you guess, just who has he arranged a meeting with?"

Ye Qingyu was also slightly curious.

Liu Zonguan said, "Within Youyan Pass, there are only six people with the requirements for arranging a meeting with the commander. Of these six, Lord Lu rarely comes out from the Pass Lord's residence. Then there are only five people left. It is somewhat difficult to guess…"

Before he’d even finished.

Boom!

Everywhere, suddenly quaked a little.

The surrounding walls, floor, tables, screens, suddenly had the flicker of light from the activation of the formations. The formation appeared to reinforce it, only then could the building stabilize. A layer of invisible energy protected the restaurant within.

But at the same time, numerous extremely powerful demonic qi surged and broiled, shooting towards the skies.

"There's demonic qi…" "Experts of the Demon Race has appeared?" "A demon horde has gathered?"

Liu Zongyuan and Wen Wan rose at the same time, the expression on their faces greatly changing.

The yuan qi within the two shimmered out. In an instant, they were like a drawn bow, the yuan qi in their bodies activated to the fullest. They prepared to act at any moment.

This was the instinctive reaction of a martial artist.

In Ye Qingyu's body, it was similarly surging with inner yuan, as if it was a raging great river.

The expression on the three faces became incomparably serious.

The four young armoured soldiers also rushed in.

What followed behind them was the White Horse sword slave, Bai Yuanxing, his face filled with shock.

"Within Youyan Pass, why is there such a level of demon qi within? Furthermore, there is not only one, and for it to be so close to the Vanguard… This group of demons, do they not want their lives? To so publicly appear, they are asking for their death." Liu Zongyuan walked rapidly towards the window, looking out.

"In the east, there are three demon qi auras. There are at least three demon warriors! In the West…" After a slightly observation, Wen Wan could discern what was happening. Outside, there were significant numbers of the experts of the Demon Race that had appeared. Demon qi was roiling and shrouding the skies, causing one to suffocate.

There had never been so many experts of the Demon Race that had appeared within Youyan Pass.

This sudden change completely exceeded everyone's imagination.

"Slaughter all the demons. We cannot delay, we must quickly act, otherwise chaos will break out within the Pass." Liu Zongyuan had already prepared to strike.

Wen Wan nodded his head.

Ye Qingyu frowned, a noise of surprise coming out of him, as if he had observed something. "There are also experts of the Demon Race that has appeared within here… En, it's on the fourth floor, its three demon warriors… I'll go take of them."

Saying this, his figure flashed, breaking out through the window.

"Be careful." Liu Zongyuan and Wen Wan followed behind them.

For the experts of the Demon Race to suddenly show their faces, this was something greatly out of the norm. But they could not care about this. They first must kill and capture the experts that had already shown themselves. Otherwise they would bring terrible harm and loss to the citizens of the Pass, and they would also destroy the military buildings within the Pass. If allowed to wreck as they pleased, complete chaos would break out.

At the same time the three reacted, the martial experts of all areas of the great army also struck out.

At this time, demon qi shrouded the skies.

Countless figures were torn apart within the demon qi, turning into blood mist and becoming the food of the Demon Race. Countless buildings collapsed, demon fire raged and burned large areas. Demonic wind blew, bringing with it sand and dust. The citizens of the Human Race tragically cried within, as they, along with their houses, were blown into the skies…

On the fourth floor, there were shocked and alarmed cries.

……

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 188:


Chapter 189 - A dragon amongst men

When a middle-aged man that had always sat quietly, who had never even spoken a single word suddenly took off his clothes and tore apart the human skin on his body, the bustling atmosphere instantly ended as he transformed into a blood red six armed huge bear.

The two people from the sects next to him was instantly dumbfounded.

Before they could have any sort of reaction, their bodies were cut into six parts by the terrifying sharp claws of the blood red bear demon.

Demonic qi that was like a bloody flame, instantly exploded from the body of the six armed bear.

A bloody smell enveloped the entire fourth floor of the [Breeze and Drizzle building].

"Demonic qi… blood flame demon bear!"

There was the exclamation of shock from a young swordsman.

But very quickly, his face of despair transformed into a puddle of blood.

Because the seductive woman he had been happily 'conversing' with, her tongue suddenly transformed into a silver line that pierced through his chest. This was a toxic tongue, and the venom instantly traversed throughout his entire body. It dissolved his blood, bones, and organs, leaving only his human skin behind.

This seductive woman cackled with an enrapturing smile, while her figure started bloating up.

When the skin on her face had completely blown up through expansion, her seductive figure turned into a terrifying white scaled lizard.

It was another demon.

The fourth floor instantly became chaotic.

The people of the sects became disordered and chaotic. Various kinds of weapons were unsheathed. There were distraught and distressed screams and screeches. There were people who activated their yuan qi in the first instant, holding weapons in their hands, guarding against their comrades. They were afraid that the fellows they were laughing and conversing with just now, would also tear apart their human skin and transform into sinister and horrifying demonic beasts.

"Hou…"

The blood flame demon bear struck his own chest, his body constantly enlarging. In the blink of an eye, it was four or five meters tall, like a huge beast. A blood red flame exploded from its massive body, as if it was like fireworks, demonic qi roiling that caused one to suffocate.

There were several men from the sects that were touched by the blood red flame by accident. With a speed indiscernible to the naked eye, they became dehydrated and began to shrivel up. Like a flower that had boiling water poured on it, in the blink of an eye, they turned into several corpses… "Careful, the surrounding blood flame of the blood flame demon bear is toxic. Do not breathe it in…" The [Flying Heaven Sword] Wei Tianming shouted in caution.

"Everyone don't panic. Surround these two beasts, we have so many people here, how could we be afraid of it? Act together and slaughter these two beasts!" another disciple of the Crepe Myrtle Sect also shouted.

At this time, the quality of the disciples of the large sects could be seen.

As for those who came from small sects, they were completely frightened out of their guts. After all, the Crepe Myrtle Sect was a top sect, so the disciples of this sect were the first that reacted.

"HO!"

The blood flame demon bear let out a roar of rage. From his mouth, a pillar of blood flame shot out towards Wei Tianming.

"Flying Heaven One Sword… cut!"

Wei Tianming shouted loudly, the heart sutra of the Crepe Myrtle activating to its extreme. There were twenty-one Crepe Myrtle stars swirling around his body, displaying that his highest level of cultivation was at the twenty one Spirit spring stage. The violet colour on his sword greatly increased its radiance, then the sword struck out.

This Flying Heaven One Sword was his most accomplished battle technique.

He had relied on this move to obtain the title of the [Flying Heaven Sword].

Wei Tianming had intentionally shown his face in front of this people, so he used his ultimate technique at the first instant, wanting to hack this blood flame demon bear apart.

Boom!

The violet sword and the blood red pillar struck together.

The light of the sword was extinguished in an instant like boiling water splashing on snow.

He could not even withstand a strike.

The pupils of Wei Tianming became constricted.

He was about to be swallowed by the blood flame pillar of the demon warrior, a thousand pounds hanging on a single thread, a figure flashed by. It saved Wei Tianming from the fatal strike by a hair's breath.

The person who had acted was namely the black-haired middle-aged Shishu.

Wei Tianming had cold sweat all over his body. This experience of returning from the death god's hand made sweat drip from all over his body.

"Careful, this is a titled demon warrior. One must take care…” the middle-aged Shishu shouted to remind everyone.

A so called titled demon warrior was comparable to an expert at the forty Spirit springs of the Human Race. It was completely not someone, with Wei Tianming's level of cultivation, could resist against. Just now, if it was not for the middle-aged Shishu acting, this [Flying Heaven Sword] Wei Tianming would most likely have already turned into a dehydrated corpse.

When they were speaking.

There were several other nameless people of the Jianghu that were torn apart by the blood flame demon bear. Fresh blood and intestines flowed from their bellies, broken limbs splashed about. There was no one that could withstand a single strike from the demon bear.

"Kekeke…" Within the mouth of the huge snow white lizard, there was the cackle of the seductive girl.

The snow white tongue in its mouth shot out like lightning, like a silver thread that was fast to the extreme. A normal disciple of the sect could not possibly evade, so this silver thread pierced through their bodies. Afterwards, their entire person, flesh, bones and internal organs were instantly dissolved. Pus-like fluid effused out, and what remained was only human skin…

The power of this huge white lizard was not in the least lower than that of the blood flame demon bear.

Only tens of breaths had passed when the two demon monster broke apart their disguise, but over twenty people had perished on the fourth floor. The power of these two demons completely crushed them… "Run…”

There was a person sharply screaming in panic.

These good men of the Jianghu, after a short lived resistance, when the demon warriors displayed their strength, their courage was like thin snow meeting scorching water, turning to steam in an instant.

When the first person sharply[1] screamed for them to run, the originally rabble-like Jianghu people were in an even worse state.

No matter how much the black-haired elder of the Crepe Myrtle shouted, he could not stabilize the defeated situation.

"Kekeke… the flesh of this little girl is not bad. I am currently lacking a human skin…” There was human language coming out of the huge snow white lizard. Its bloody red fierce pupils, looked towards Nan Hua.

The human skin of beautiful people had always been collected by her as a hobby.

Nan Hua's gorgeous face instantly went pale.

She instinctively retreated backwards.

"Careful" The black-haired Shishu seemed to have discerned something. With a shout of alarm, the long sword in his hand struck, cutting in front of the space in front of Nan Hua. With a light sound, he cut apart a silver strand.

This was namely the tongue of the huge white lizard.

Nan Hua was so frightened she kept scrabbling backwards.

If not for the sword of the black-haired Shishu, then most likely now she would have turned into a piece of human skin through the toxin of the tongue.

But—

Xiu!

After a slight vibration, the silver-coloured tongue suddenly softened, entangling with the sword. It pulled fiercely.

"Ah…" The black-haired Shishu screamed, as if he had been struck by thunder. There was fear on his face, and his figure quivered, madly retreating backwards. Throwing away the long sword in his hand, his right hand formed a blade that cut towards his left shoulder. The entire left limb was hacked apart.

Pok!

Fresh blood spurted everywhere.

In an instant, the silver arm that had been hacked apart on the floor, transformed into silver pus.

So his left limb had been pierced by the silver tongue.

Thankfully the cultivation of the middle-aged Shishu was a little stronger, that he could use his yuan qi to seal and prevent the demonic qi poison from spreading. Luckily, in the first instant he had cut apart and sacrificed his left limb. Otherwise, his entire person and bones would have turned into pus, leaving only a piece of skin behind…

Within the fourth floor, the cultivation of this middle-aged Shishu was the highest. He should be higher than the Spirit springs stage, but in an instant he was heavily injured. This made the other people scared out of their wits even more…

The other disciples of the Crepe Myrtle Sect's will to do battle completely broke apart in this instant.

Why did it become like this?

This was completely different from the normal sayings of the sects. Why was the Demon Race so terrifying?

The crowd fled in all directions with sharp screams.

But many people discovered in their despair that after the two servant girls, responsible for the [White Jade Stairs] small formation were killed, the formation had no way to function anymore. And suffering the strike, all sorts of formation of the [Breeze and Drizzle building] had activated automatically, reinforcing the walls and windows with the power of formations. They could not break this apart, so they had no way to escape.

They were trapped like beasts.

No one could flee.

The shadow of death, in an instant, shrouded the malevolent faces of the Jianghu people.

"Kekeke, little girl, no need to be afraid. It doesn't hurt in the slightest. Give me your human skin, hehe, come quickly come…” The huge white lizard laughed delicately, constantly nearing Nan Hua.

"No… no, no… save me…” Nan Hua was completely frightened senseless.

She did her utmost to retreat backwards. Turning her head, she saw Wei Tianming standing by the side. She begged for aid, "Senior brother Tianming, save me…"

Wei Tianming rapidly headed somewhere else to hide, as if he had not heard her plea at all.

Those senior brothers who normally were beside her, who slapped their chests with guarantee that they would eternally protect her with their lives, right now had completely and utterly forgotten the oaths that they swore to pursue for the beauty. They ran faster than dogs…

The middle-aged Shishu's figure quivered then fell…

Nan Hua was enveloped in despair.

"Senior sister Nan Hua, quickly run, let me block…" A skinny appearance blocked in front of her.

Nan Hua was shocked: "Junior brother Li, you…”

The Liu Rui blocking in front of her, was the most stupid disciple with the lowest cultivation within the Crepe Myrtle sect. Normally he was the person that the other disciples mocked and laughed at because he was stupid and cowardly. He did not dare resist with his hands or mouth. Nan Hua normally had little impression of this junior brother with ordinary talent. But she would never have imagined that when lives were on the line, it was this cowardly youth that would block in front of her…

But it proved to be no use whatsoever.

Xiu!

The air was broken apart. A soul ripping silver strand easily pierced through the shoulder of the cowardly youth Li Rui.

The venom activated.

Li Rui felt him losing feeling in his body.

He opened his mouth, using the last of his vision, to look at the girl who for him had always been as proud as a girl on the Ninth Heaven. He wanted to say his last words, but he discovered that no sound could come from his throat any longer…" "Senior sister Nan, you are beautiful. I also like you…"

He could only sigh in his heart.

To die like this, he did not regret.

Because he did the bravest thing in his life opposite his normally cowardly self.

An action that he would never ever feel regret for.

When the silver tongue was taken out of his body, he felt acute pain. The weak youth felt he was about to turn into pus. At this time…

In the spark of a flint, an unexpected change occurred.

A palm, lightly patted on his shoulder.

A seeping cold went into his bones, instantly covering his entire body.

"Retreat to one side and activate your qi to treat your injuries.”

An unfamiliar voice sounded from beside his ear.

The weak youth was dumbfounded, then he discovered in surprise that his body did not dissolve into pus from the poison of the giant lizard. Conversely, a layer of silver frost completely erased the venom within his body in a single moment.

A gentle power pushed him to one side.

At this time, only then could Li Rui see who it was that acted to save him.

It was the wealthy white-robed youth.

It was the wealthy white-robed youth that had previously arrogantly insulted senior brother Wei Tianming as trash on the fourth floor.

At that time, in the hearts of everyone, they thought that he was an idle and useless wealthy youth of some noble family. But right now, with his white robe, there were tens of silver dragons roaring and encircling him. He held an autumn water clear sword that was the width of five fingers in one hand, like an immortal that walked towards the terrifying white lizard.

The white robe flickered with radiance, as if he was a god of war.

For it to be him?

The skinny youth Li Rui was completely dumbfounded.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

