Chapter 1237:


Chapter 1252, Sealed off

The Emperor of the imperial heaven reigns over the heavens, exercises control over the world, and is all invincible.

This was the true meaning of the four words of ‘Great Immortal God Emperor’.

After hearing what Yan Xingtian said, these words and a magnificent spectacle came to everybody's mind. Vaguely, there was the majestic scene of a deity sitting high in the clouds ruling over all living things.

Although many people had, with the most incredible degree of optimism, tried to imagine the height that Ye Qingyu could reach before this, but at this moment everybody was still dumbfounded.

Even Hon Kong and the mysterious thin and tall expert were quietly exchanging glances with each other, eyes twinkling with disbelief, because they understood the meaning of these words more than any others. In the past, there was also someone who had reached this height, and was considered to be the only one since ancient times. There was no one in later generations able to achieve the same thing as him and reach the same height as him, but now, Ye Qingyu had managed to do so.

Under the metal helmet, Lan Tian's eyes began to regain a glimmer of light.

It was indeed astonishing that the little guy who was locked in the Academy's Grievance Hall with him back then had unexpectedly grown to this extent. Does this mean that, as long as he finds him, the problems that had been troubling him all these years can be solved?

He was about to say something when Yan Xingtian's expression abruptly changed, “The haunting ghost is unwilling to leave.”

Before everyone had yet to react, Yan Xingtian urged, “Go, I will bring you all away first, go find the Domain Alliance of the Chaos Domain and ask the present envoy of the Human Race to contact the Great Immortal God Emperor. Only he can reverse the current situation. Otherwise, not only Heaven Wasteland Domain, but the whole world will be drowned in disaster.” Before his voice faded, a sword flashed out from his palm, directly tearing apart the space barrier above the grassland. Then, a gentle force gushed out to engulf Wang Yi, Hon Kong, Qin Lan and all the others.

“Where do you think you're going?”

“Do you know what you're doing?”

“The enemies of the Sky Emperor will be killed without question.”

At the same time, there were several loud and tyrannical voices coming from a distance.

Accompanying the voices were extremely terrifying flashes of Emperor qi, containing incomparably rare power of destruction, and carrying an imposing manner that could destroy the heavens and split apart the earth. The Emperor qi whizzed to where everybody was, evidently to obstruct Yan Xingtian from sending the people away.

Yan Xingtian did not say a word, pulled his sword free of its sheath on his back, and then the sword intent of the demonic blade shot out like a raging wave and swept across the heavens and earth, isolating the several beams of Emperor qi tens of thousands of meters away.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Dao sound reverberated across the heavens and earth.

Before Hon Kong and the others who were swallowed into the cracks of the space had snapped out of the shock, everything in front of them had blurred, and the space cracks were sealed back together again.

The last scene they saw was Yan Xingtian and his sword, like a shark swimming against the current, charging towards the several figures shrouded in Emperor qi that were frantically rushing over to block them.

By the time everybody's five senses had recovered, they came to realize that the surrounding scenery had already changed. They had left the grasslands and came to a fertile land several thousands of kilometers away from the Snow capital.

In the sky, there were battleships of the empire sailing across and which contacted them right away when they discovered them.

After the time to make a cup of tea, Qin Lan, Hon Kong, Lan Tian and others had already boarded the flagship, and was seen by the old Marshal of the empire, Li Guangbi. It turns out that the old Marshal was ordered to go to the grasslands to provide support. This was already the fourth wave of support army, and this time it was under the command of the old Marshal.

Li Guangbi was also relieved.

Among the Deer City, the two most important sets of people were the elite students and teachers of White Deer Academy, which can be said to be the most outstanding group of people in the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland, and the other group was Qin Lan and others, who were Ye Qingyu's relatives. Now that they were all found, Her Majesty can finally relax a little.

However, while Li Guangbi breathed a sigh of relief, old teacher Wang Yi's heart was pounding with worry.

The last scene he saw made him really worried because anyone can tell that the several figures that were rushing over frantically were in no way weaker than the figure on the huge King of Birds. They were all terrifying existences. Would Yan Xingtian be able to withstand and would he be in danger?

Old teacher Wang Yi hated the fact that he was unable to return to the grasslands immediately.

The others could obviously tell what Wang Yi was thinking, but they didn’t know how to comfort him.

Hon Kong came over, clapped his hand on his shoulder, and said, “Old Wang Yi, don't worry, Yan Xingtian's martial arts has already reached a world-shaking level. He won't be in any critical danger. As long as we leave, he won’t have anything to worry about anymore. Given his strength, even if he is no match for the many opponents, he certainly can still escape.”

Wang Yi sighed and nodded, “I hope so.”

Hon Kong turned around and recounted what happened on the grassland to Li Guangbi and then added, “The horde of beasts this time is more terrifying than before. The horde of beasts is being controlled by someone frightening. Adding to this, there is not only one person. The horde of beasts is ferocious and not as chaotic as before. This time they are more like an army, which advanced and retreated in an orderly manner. It has become a huge trouble to the empire, and must not be taken lightly. Yan Xingtian had asked me to tell Her Majesty that she needs to contact Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu as soon as possible. Otherwise, the entire Vast Thousand Domains will be in danger.

Li Guangbi was shocked by the news.

Although all the people in the imperial capital knew that the horde of beasts this time was different from the past, they did not think it was serious to this extent. Upon hearing this, he hurriedly headed to the imperial capital with everyone to report to Her Majesty.

However, the changes of things was far worse than they had expected.

Just when Empress Yu Xiaoxing heard the report, ready to assemble an army, and contact the Domain Alliance, she found that the Domain Gate of Heaven Wasteland Domain, which leads to the outside world, had been completely cut off by a mysterious force field. At the same time the contact with the outside world had been broken. The imperial family had tried various secret techniques and special means to contact the Domain Alliance with no success.

There was a very bad feeling in everybody's heart.

How terrifying was an existence able to block an entire domain?

Combined with what happened on the grasslands before, the higher-ups of the empire all realized that a terrifying upheaval was about to happen.

On the second day when the sun began to rise, there was a message from the outpost army that in an area thousands of kilometers away from the imperial capital were traces of the horde of beasts. At the same time, some small towns in the safety area had suffered an attack from the horde of beasts. The number of casualties was disastrous, and only a few had escaped.

Such news made Lin Zheng, Li Guangbi and the others even more deeply worried.

And when old teacher Wang Yi heard this news he was even more concerned about Yan Xingtian.

By noon on the same day, there was news that the horde of beasts was advancing in the direction of the imperial city, and even the group of demonic beasts on the grassland had been crushed by the great army of the horde of beasts. Where they passed, the ground was scorched and not even a blade of grass survived. It was like a vast dead domain.

“The horde of beasts is advancing so orderly, and had deliberately controlled its speed. It must be manipulated by someone.”

Almost all the higher-ups of the empire who were qualified to learn about the upheaval were aware of this fact.

Under normal circumstances, although the horde of beasts was terrifying, it was only because of their infinite number, madness and fearlessness of death. They possessed no intelligence, nor paid attention to tactics, and had no degree of organisation. If the same number of horde of beasts and the imperial army were to clash, the final victory would certainly belong to the imperial army. However, now that the horde of beasts had gained intelligence and tactics, everything was difficult to say. After all, the combat force of the most inferior wild beast was still stronger than that of the lowest level of soldiers.

The outside and inside of the imperial capital had begun to prepare for war.

The land within thousands of kilometers of Snow capital had already become fertile soil, because in the past few years the Human Race had expelled the wild beasts, and turned this place into a populous and affluent land. But now they had no choice but to organize the evacuation of everyone. In the process, the Heaven Wasteland Empire showed absolute control and efficiency. At sunset of that day, when the great horde of beasts had finally appeared in the soldiers’ sights on the city walls of the imperial capital, all the citizens outside the imperial capital, with the assistance of the army, had already retreated into the imperial city.

The horde of beasts continued to approach the imperial city without stopping, and immediately launched the first round of attacks.

Bugle horns, cries, yelling, cannons, howling...

Everything that can be heard and seen in war appeared around the imperial capital.

Countless colourful protective barriers spread across everywhere, completely enveloping the huge Snow capital. In this moment, the foundation that the Heaven Wasteland Empire had accumulated for decades was all revealed. This was Snow capital and not Deer City, thus the difference in defensive force was naturally poles apart. The horde of beasts was fierce, but for a moment it had no threat to the soldiers on the city walls. In the first four hours of the first wave of fighting broke out, the team of the empire that guarded the city had even organized several tough counter-offensives, attacking directly from the walls, slaughtering millions of beasts on the front line of the horde of beasts army...

Empress Yu Xiaoxing had even personally supervised and directed the battle from the north city gate.

After the great horde of beasts had continuously attacked for six hours, it was around dawn that they abandoned two or three million beast carcasses and retreated like a tide. At the end of the first round of offensive, outside the city walls, the corpses of beasts piled up like hills, blood flowed like rivers, and the pungent smell of blood saturated the air and shot to the sky, dying half the sky blood-red.

The horde of beasts receded, and set up an encampment hundreds of kilometersoutside like an army.

When the sun rose, several figures flashed up from the horde of beasts camp and instantly came to the north gate of the Imperial capital.

“Where is the Empress of the Heaven Wasteland Empire?” One of the figures bellowed, “Come out to answer.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1238:


Chapter 1252, Changes

The speaker, an ox-headed expert with a human body, was more than ten meters tall, covered with green mist all over, and dressed in black-coloured armour, giving off a condescending attitude. The way he called out the Empress was like calling on a servant on the roadside. He did not disguise his disdain in the slightest.

And at his side were three other figures that were similarly strangely shaped and not of the Human Race. The only thing similar was that they were all dressed in black armour, like an iron tower. The yuan qi and aura they exuded were greatly different from each other, but still vast as the sea and gave off an indefensible power.

There were only four figures in total, but the pressure they brought was several times more frightening than the endless tide of beasts before.

On the north city gate, the expression of the Empress, Lin Zheng, Li Guangbi and others grew serious.

Everyone could tell that the strength of these four figures was too strong, and had already reached an unbelievable level. Back then, Ye Qingyu was invincible across the Vast Thousand Domains, but even Ye Qingyu at his peak state did not have this majesty.

“Who are you? Do you know the severity of the sin of driving the horde of beasts to bring utter distress to the people?” operating yuan qi, Lin Zheng’s voice rumbled like a thunderbolt. He was a rare martial arts talent, otherwise he would not have been valued by the War God back then. But it was only because of his involvement in political affairs that he had a lack of time to practice. However, although he did not solely focus on cultivating martial arts like Yan Buhui and Qin Zhishui, his martial arts cultivation base still skyrocketed and his strength also steadily grew. He had now entered the Great Saint realm. When he spoke, his voice could be clearly heard within a range of hundreds of kilometers.

“Haha, how dare an ant talk to me?” The ox-headed expert sneered, “I am a sovereign of the Dark Realm, a Martial Emperor who had dominated an era, and had slaughtered thousands of races. I am just killing some ants and worms, how dare you speak of sin? Die!”

As he was speaking, a palm strike was pressed down from the distant void.

All of a sudden, clouds scudded across the sky, wind rolled up the clouds into a huge ox hoof print, carrying the power of wind, fire, lightning and thunder. The law of the Dao had turned into a fog of chaos and annihilation. In the blink of an eye, the hoof print was already thousands of meters in size, crushing the windblown dust, separating the void, and directly pressed down at the north city gate.

On the north city gate, everybody felt suffocated and couldn't breathe.

Lin Zheng felt a tremendous violent intent pressing down, and an indescribable aura of death enveloped him. Both his body and soul seemed to be unable to bear this terrifying pressure, making him feel an urge to fall to his knees and beg for forgiveness or to die.

Rumble!

The fire and lightning ox hoof print heavily stomped on the protective shield above the city gate, causing the ground to quake and the mountains tremble. Crackling noises like broken glass could be heard as countless layers of shields were destroyed. However, there were still some that survived, although the colour dimmed, in the end they were able to withstand this destructive force.

The city walls shook.

Countless plumes of smoke shot to the sky.

It was grey and gloomy all around.

Yu Xiaoxing, who had been sitting on the imperial throne with a grave expression all this time, stood up slowly.

The experts and esteemed masters of the imperial family immediately crowded around her.

The top experts of the military also protected the empire's important courtiers right away.

“Huh?” The startled voice of the ox-headed expert could be heard in the sky. It was clear that he was surprised by the fact that he failed to destroy the defensive formation of the Snow capital in one move. But he was only surprised for a while, the next moment his second move was already launched without hesitation.

An even more gigantic fire and lightning hoof was crushing down from the layers of clouds in the direction of the Snow capital, which had already lost half of its defense protection. This time the power was greater and the force was even crazier.

The four types of power, wind, thunder, lightning and fire, had evolved into the power of chaos. Vaguely, the roar of the divine wild ox could be heard from the void.

On the city gate tower, some of the less powerful soldiers had already lost consciousness from the impact of the sound waves.

Rumble!

It was like a death knell.

Crackle! Crackle!

The layers of protective formations, like eggshells being struck by a rock, were shattered to pieces.

In the face of such absolute strength, the imperial capital that the Snow Empire had operated for countless years, and the countless formations that Ye Qingyu had strengthened back then, were all destroyed in an instant. Back then, Ye Qingyu was only at the Quasi-emperor realm, and even though he had set up countless formations and ways of escape, in the face of a Martial Emperor expert, it was still not enough. More importantly, the core strong formations he had left behind were in the imperial palace and the Light Palace. Although Yu Xiaoxing and the others held the key and can manipulate many of these formations, but ultimately their strength was not enough to do so, and cannot display the true power of the many formations like Ye Qingyu.

As the giant ox hoof trampled down, everyone on the city walls felt the terror of death.

“Defend!”

Yu Xiaoxing sprang up, the golden imperial armour glowing brightly, her fair jade-like hand flashing with ninety-nine rays of golden light that shot toward the domed roof of the formations, before transforming into ninety-nine gigantic golden people. They were all flashing all over with golden brilliance as they lifted up the huge ox hoof.

These were the Immortal golden battle puppets that the Domain Alliance gave to Ye Qingyu, which he further refined and handed to Yu Xiaoxing before he went to the Dark Realm for it to be used in the critical moment as a last resort.

The ninety-nine golden people were frantically flashing with various light beams of formation chains, withstanding against the pressure of the fire and lightning ox hoof.

Under the wrestling, the power of the golden people was unexpectedly able to lift up the lightning and fire hoof.

Yu Xiaoxing revealed a look of relief.

But just then, a cold roar sounded, “All your tricks have been exhausted, how can such trash block me?” The ox-headed figure suddenly lashed out with a stomp of his giant ox hoof.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

In the midst of the explosion, there were dozens of golden people that exploded to pieces, turning into metal fragments that filled the sky.

“Hurry leave the city gate tower.” Yu Xiaoxing's expression abruptly changed, imperial aura surging from her body and the golden armour began glowing with a strange brilliance. She wanted to forcibly withstand against the death-like ox hoof, which could wipe out all the citizens and soldiers at the city gate if successfully passes through the defense formations.

She attempted to activate the Emperor qi to forcibly take on the power of an Emperor expert.

“Hahaha...” The playful laughter of the ox-headed Emperor expert sounded.

Then, bizarre Emperor qi was being released. All the people at the city gate seemed to have been frozen, unable to budge an inch, while the huge ox hoof paused for a moment, hanging over the city gate like a drawn bow.

Just like the sword of death was hanging over the head of the crowd and would descend at any time to harvest life.

The condescending voice of the other side rang again.

“The lowly indigenous people in a small domain dare to stand up to the power of the heavens, you really have overestimated your capabilities. I will not pursue this matter any further. I came not to destroy the empire, but to capture the offender on the orders of Sky Emperor. Heavenly Empress, if you are willing to surrender and help me hunt down the wanted offender, then I can spare the Snow capital from a massacre. Otherwise, the annihilation of Heaven Wasteland Empire is something that can be done with the flip of my hand.”

The ox-headed Emperor spoke with a cold grin.

The reason he showed his power with such tyrannical means was to break the confidence of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, let them see the reality, and to make them cooperate. After all, the power of intelligent beings was no doubt much stronger than that of the fierce beasts. It would be much easier to use the power of the Heaven Wasteland Empire to find the person they were looking for.

As he was speaking, there was a huge formation projection emerging in the sky.

The appearance of the figure shown was vivid and clear. He had long blue hair, a handsome face and wore a carefree expression. He was a very remarkable-looking young man who people can't help but develop a good opinion upon seeing him.

Many people didn't know who this person was.

But Yu Xiaoxing and some higher-ups instantly had a change of countenance.

Because they knew this man.

How could it be him?

Yu Xiaoxing and the others couldn't understand.

This was too unbelievable. The other side was able to drive the horde of beasts and possessed Martial Emperor qi, but they had gone to so much trouble for the ultimate goal of finding a good-for-nothing student of White Deer Academy? Could there be some sort of secrets on him?

“I am the Empress of Heaven Wasteland, who carry the mandate of heaven, and is responsible to enlighten and civilize the citizens on behalf of the heavens. How would I bow my head to you beasts who have slaughtered millions of people? The emperors of Heaven Wasteland only die in battle and will never surrender.” Yu Xiaoxing almost did not use much time to give an answer. Her tone was firm and determined, without the slightest hesitation. She simply did not allow bargaining or negotiating.

Because she came to know from Hon Kong and the others that the present Ye Qingyu was already the Great Immortal God Emperor, and these people were Ye Qingyu's enemies, who seemed to have come to retaliate after the defeat in the Dark Realm. Since they were her Brother Qingyu's enemies, then she would not bow down even if she was turned to minced flesh.

The ox-headed Emperor expert was infuriated.

“Haha, from your expression you must know where this offender is. By capturing you and search your soul, we can still know his whereabouts.” His expression changed as he came to a decision. To kill Yu Xiaoxing would be as easy as crushing an ant, but by cultivating a new puppet, they could still crush and rule everything of the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

The tremendous hoof was once again crushing down towards the city gate.

This time, there was no hesitation.

Yu Xiaoxing was serious and calm as she attempted to burn her imperial power to withstand the attack.

But at this time, a change suddenly occurred.

“So many years have past, I did not expect to see traces of the betrayers again. Since you dare to leave the Dark Realm and came to Heaven Wasteland Domain, then you are seeking your own death.” A strange voice sounded, which at first sounded incomparably old, like it came from the mouth of an old man, but after a few words, the voice gradually revealed a vigorous heroic spirit. It was sharp and clear like the voice of a young man.

A light beam of Emperor qi gushed up from where Light City was.

A number of fire leaves were fluttering in the sky.

Everything blurred as a tall and burly figure appeared above the north city gate——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1239:


Chapter 1253, Delicious with noodles

The moment this person appeared, everyone on the city gate tower, including Yu Xiaoxing, suddenly felt the pressure on them being eased.

The feeling was as though the sky that would have collapsed and crushed everyone was suddenly held up by a tall man, thereby taking the pressure off everyone.

“Insignificant skill yet dares to act ferocious, destroy!”

The muscles around this figure were bulging like mountains, full of explosive power. With a punch skywards, flame formations intertwining with the fist light, the ox hoof was crushed to fine powder. The four different powers of laws had crumbled, and even a thousands of meters wide hole was blasted in the vault of the sky.

The ox-headed Emperor cried out in surprise, stumbling in midair, before the boot on his left foot ruptured to pieces.

“Who are you?” he roared in rage and shock.

How can there be this level of existence in the imperial capital of the little Heaven Wasteland Domain?

This moment, he sensed a dangerous aura from the other side. Adding to this, from his tone of voice it was clear that he knew of some inside information. He couldn’t help having a bad feeling about this.

“A person here for revenge,” the tall and burly figure answered.

His long hair was dancing wildly, ordinary clothes torn by his bulging muscles, and was exuding a wild imposing manner all over like raging flames. He flashed into the air, punching out once again. The flame formation law transformed into a fire dragon, charging towards the ox-headed Emperor expert with its mouth wide open.

“Arrogant.”

The ox-headed Emperor was enraged by the attitude of the other side.

A great battle broke out.

During the exchange of moves, the Human Race expert, who appeared all of a sudden, erupted out with a tremendous power and launched out nine fire dragons with one fist strike, directly crushing the Emperor qi that protected the ox-headed Emperor expert and swallowed him in.

“Ah... damn it.” The ox-headed Emperor roared, his body expanding, and finally grew to a giant one-legged wild ox of tens of thousands of meters large. His voice resonated across the heavens and earth. This was his Martial Emperor’s original form that had been forced out. “Who are you? This strength, you shouldn’t belong to Heaven Wasteland Domain. Even in the Vast Thousand Domains, there shouldn't be someone like you.”

The strength of the wild ox, whose Martial Emperor's original form had been exposed, rose once again.

He was on the verge of going berserk.

“Someone is strong just because they defeated you? How ignorant and narrow-minded...” The burly man sneered, “You came from the Dark Realm to the Vast Thousand Domains, how much strength do you have left? Do you really think His Majesty God Emperor didn't leave anything behind?”

When this sentence came out not only the wild ox, even the other three Emperors had an abrupt change of expression.

“You... who are you? Could it be a surviving follower of the God Emperor, you... you're still alive?” The wild ox was dumbstruck like he had seen a ghost, finding it hard to believe his own judgment. It can't be, the people back then should have all been killed? How could they be resurrected?

The burly man was incomparably heroic looking, like a war god, as he laughed, “How can you understand His Majesty God Emperor’s means? Is now the era of repayment for the shameless betrayal back then. The God Emperor will return. He will come to take back everything he had lost. While your group of dogs are just dried bones in a burial mound. I will first behead you four evil dogs today, until the time comes then he will be killed too.”

The burly man acted.

He was like the god of fire. He punched out, sending out a fire dragon transformed from the laws of the true fire, while his figure was constantly expanding, turning into a giant of tens of thousands of meters in height. It was his Martial Emperor original form. He was also an Emperor-level expert.

“Kill him!” the wild ox roared.

The three figures beside him also knew that they could no longer spectate the battle.

The appearance of a surviving follower of the Light Divine Emperor was a huge matter. Given the Sky Emperor's attitude towards these remaining followers, they knew that they must completely kill him today. Otherwise, there will be great trouble in the future. Moreover, there was already endless enmity between the four of them and the Light Divine Emperor. Ever since that betrayal, they had also hunted down many surviving followers of the God Emperor. As a result, the hatred between them was no longer resolvable.

“Let's attack together, kill this surviving follower.”

“Kill!”

“I can't imagine having such a harvest today. Behead him and bring his head to His Majesty Sky Emperor for reward.”

The other three Emperors also made a move.

Yu Xiaoxing and the others had already recovered from the surprise.

Lin Zheng and the others were incomparably shocked to identify the wild and bold man, who resembled the ancient fire god, to be one of the Five Great Divine Generals in the Battle of Light City, Divine General Gong, Gao Diping. It was just that Gao Diping's strength was much more terrifying than it was back then, truly like a god. There were raging laws of flames rushing forth with his every movement, and truly exhibited the power of destruction.

How could this be?

The Light Palace. The Light Divine Emperor. The Five Great Divine Generals!

Could it be that the remarkable War God who founded the Snow Empire and created the Light Palace was the Light Divine Emperor? What kind of story was behind this?

Yu Xiaoxing vaguely knew some inside information, but it was not entirely clear.

But even so, a stormy wave was set off in her heart, because she realized that what she knew was probably only the tip of the iceberg. There may be much more to the origin and background of the remarkable War God of the Light Palace than what was recorded. The fact that Gao Diping had been living in seclusion in the fire woods for so many years yet still possessed such powerful strength was enough to illustrate this.

The power that Gao Diping displayed at this moment was enough to destroy the Vast Thousand Domains, yet he had been hiding in Light City. What sort of secret was there behind all this?

Yu Xiaoxing's thoughts soon fell onto Ye Qingyu.

Since Gao Diping possessed such strength, then Wen Wan, who was also classified as one of the Five Great Divine Generals, was he also concealing his strength? These two people had always showed special respect to Ye Qingyu, and this respect was not only the respect that seniors have for juniors, elders to a successor, but more like the relationship between a superior and subordinates. Adding to this, Ye Qingyu has always had an incredible fate with the Light Palace...

Could Brother Qingyu be a descendant of the Light Divine Emperor?

Or...

For some reason, in this moment, Yu Xiaoxing who should have relaxed, was incredibly worried all of a sudden.

While the others, on the other hand, were a lot more relaxed.

No one could have imagined that, at the most critical moment, there was a saviour falling from the sky.

Lin Zheng and Li Guangbi exchanged a glance, noticing the astonishment in each other's eyes. It was clear that the background of the person who created the Light Palace was really too terrifying, far beyond their imagination. It made them realize that Ye Qingyu's life and background was absolutely not that simple. Even... the origin of Heaven Wasteland Domain was not as simple as it seems.

A battle violently broke out in the sky.

The flame giant was unexpectedly able to withstand the siege of four Emperor experts of the Dark Realm.

“Must not drag this out any longer, or the offender will get away. He must be in the city, otherwise the remaining follower of the God Emperor would not have done whatever it takes to stop us.” The wild ox realized that Gao Diping had taken a risk to appear at this time, because the Sky Emperor had killed many surviving followers of the God Emperor these years, which was also the reason why he had gone into hiding and was afraid to show himself. The only reason for this remaining follower to appear now must be to protect others.”

Those worthy of the surviving follower of the God Emperor to risk his life to protect must not be the higher-ups of the Heaven Wasteland Empire or the Empress, it could only be that person.

The wild ox decided not to continue the battle.

As long as the offender was found, His Majesty the Sky Emperor can break out, and all obstructions will be crushed.

“Okay.”

An Emperor of the Dark Realm responded before he turned into a stream of light and dived down the edge of the walls.

It was a giant python with wings on its back, a strange ancient species that had the aura of the legendary dragon. As it swooped down, it was continuously emitting hissing noises that shook the north city gate that had lost its defensive formations to the point that it was almost crumbling.

However, the flame giant was unable to free himself from the battle. He had no intention to block the attack of the python.

The wild ox had a bad feeling when he saw this.

As expected, the next moment, an indescribably terrifying blood-coloured arc was seen flickering above the city gate. In the blink of an eye, the unguarded python had already been split into two, large amounts of Emperor blood splattered across the sky.

“Ahh... damn it! Who dares attack me from behind?” The winged python fumed. His Martial Emperor original form had been severed in half, and although still alive, this was equivalent to destroying half his cultivation base and was harmful to his life yuan. It was a huge wound that he was unable to tolerate.

“A little snake dares to act arrogantly here... Haha, since it is an ancient species it must be delicious. When I catch you I will make a bowl of snake soup to have with noodles, hahahaha.” A figure very familiar to countless higher-ups of the empire slowly emerged from the crowd, holding a bowl of noodles in his hand. At his waist hung a blood-coloured axe, which at the edge, there were drops of blood trickling down. It was identical to the blood of the giant snake sprayed across the sky.

It was evident that it was this blood axe that destroyed the python's Martial Emperor's original form.

It was Wen Wan.

Wen Wan who had disappeared for a long, long period of time.

Wen Wan the noodle maniac.

Wen Wan who was once Ye Qingyu's body refining teacher.

Wen Wan whose name means ‘gentle evening’.

Yu Xiaoxing's pupils suddenly constricted. She realized that her prediction had come true, and that Wen Wan did indeed appear at the critical time, just like he did in the Battle of Light City. His appearance this time was still as shocking as it was the last time, because the terror shown in the axe was in no way inferior to the strength of Gao Diping who had transformed into a flame giant.

As expected, Wen Wan was also a person who had been concealing his strength——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1240:


Chapter 1254, Major victory

“Who are you?” The winged python's Martial Emperor's original form was quickly restored, but his aura had significantly weakened. He stared at Wen Wan with anger and uncertainty.

Wen Wan finished the last mouthful of noodles before he gave a slight smile, “Why are you still asking when you know the answer?” As his voice faded, the pair of chopsticks, like two beams of divine light, shot out in the direction of the vital parts of the winged python.

Hit where it hurts.

Even if it was a rare prehistoric species, its vital parts were the same as other snakes.

The pair of wings behind the winged python vibrated, and then a gush of bright red light burst out, shattering the chopsticks directly.

The next moment, Wen Wan's bowl of noodle soup splashed out like a sea and engulfed the winged python. It was boiling hot, emitting a strange aroma, and was as though trying to wrap the python in it to cook it directly.

“You're going too far.” The winged python, who was continuously attacked by means that was verging on harassment, suddenly roared, spewing out an unending stream of green toxic gas, like a layer of annihilating and chaotic fog, which turned the ocean-like noodle soup into a deathly toxic liquid. The poisonous force was activated, and again pressed down and shrouded the entire north city gate of the imperial capital.

Once the poisonous liquid engulfs the city, everyone on the city wall would most likely die instantaneously.

“Hahaha, what a good bowl of poisonous noodle soup.” Wen Wan burst into laughter. The ordinary-looking noodle bowl in his hands suddenly surged with the law of Emperor qi, and, like a whale drawing in water, instantly the ocean-like toxic liquid was sucked into the bowl, and turned into a bowl of sparkling jade-green noodle soup.

With a flash of light, Wen Wan stored away the noodle bowl.

He took the blood axe with a backhand motion and soared skywards, countless blood-coloured flames bursting forth from his body. Before he reached midair, his body had already grown incomparably large. The surface of his body was glistening with blood light, and his skin was also blood red. This was his Martial Emperor original form. The pair of blood axes also changed and grew accordingly, which looked like blood was flowing in his hands.

“It turns out to be another surviving follower of the Light Divine Emperor, die!” The winged python snorted coldly, before he raged and inhaled the green mist. His huge body twisted and spiraled indefinitely in the void with incredibly speed in an attempt to strangle Wen Wan.

This was the way snakes faught.

Wen Wan laughed, rays of blood light flashing around his body, like an endless sea of blood was bubbling. However, this blood qi did not carry the slightest evil, instead possessed bright and great intention. It did not evade the winged python's attacks, but took it head-on to burn the giant python with the sea of blood.

Because of the success of Wen Wan’s previous attack, the strength of the winged python was greatly reduced, and evidently Wen Wan had the upper hand.

“Another one?” The wild ox cow was even more puzzled when he saw this scene.

How could there be so many surviving followers of the Light Divine Emperor?

Could this be the home of the Light Divine Emperor?

The
Light Divine Emperor
himself is not also hiding here, right?

If that were the case, then it's going to be troublesome.

With this thought, he sent out a secret signal.

However, before he had yet to receive a response, the battlefield had changed again. A stream of black light flashed across, and the dark Wolf Emperor expert who had surrounded Divine General Gong, Gao Diping, with the wild ox was suddenly severed into two from the head.

Emperor's blood splashed across the sky.

“What's going on?” The other two dark Emperors were horrified.

They could only see black flames blazing, the Wolf Emperor howling in pain, and the tremendous Martial Emperor original form lit by the black light, unable to be extinguished. Half of his body was already incinerated. He writhed in agony and almost crushed the sky.

But soon the head of the wolf was also burning.

This scene was too terrifying. Countless people watched the fall of a Martial Emperor.

Before the Wolf Emperor had the chance to sublimate and restore his true Martial Emperor qi, he had already perished in this state, incinerated by the black flame, and left nothing behind.

In the end, the black flame formed a black light sword, and with a flash, re-entered into the void.

“Who attacked from behind?”

In panic, the wild ox dared not to let his guard down, quickly retreated and pulled away from the battlefield.

The Wolf Emperor has had a long life, a profound foundation, and had once dominated an era. Although in order to extend his life he had to reduce his cultivation base, and in order to enter the Vast Thousand Domains he had to seal some of his powers and paid a certain price, but he was still an Emperor expert with terrifying combat experience and instinct. How would he die so bizarrely? He was killed before even displaying his true strength? How strong was the person who attacked him?

He originally thought that he and the others could crush the Vast Thousand Domains, but now it seems that there are hidden dragons concealed in Heaven Wasteland Domain. There were dangers lurking, and the slightest carelessness could lead to their death.

The person who attacked, could it be the Light Divine Emperor who had disappeared for a long period of time?

The wild ox was terror-stricken when this thought surfaced in his mind.

The terror of that person was indescribable with words. The fact that even His Majesty the Sky Emperor was one of his underlings back then was enough to illustrate this.

Thinking of this, the wild ox knew he must retreat.

It was then that the anguished roar of the giant winged python came from below. He then saw that the tens of thousand of meters long snake body that had coiled around Wen Wan to strangle him to death had ruptured into tens of sections, even his wings were directly torn off...

He was defeated.

“Leave.”

The wild ox, facing Gao Diping’s attacks, had no intent to battle any longer and was frantically drawing back.

At this time, there was another flash of a black sword, slicing across the winged python’s Martial Emperor’s original form that was attempting to reassemble together. A blurry figure flashed past, beautiful and graceful, and then without the slightest suspense, the winged python was incinerated into ashes within seconds.

The mysterious black figure flickered like a shadow, a dancing shadow.

The wild ox and the remaining dark Emperor almost lost their soul from fear.

In the face of the threat of death, even the high and mighty Emperor would be afraid, especially since that black flame was too terrifying. Once struck, one would be killed before they had the chance to sublimate.

The longer you live, the more afraid you are of dying.

More importantly, they had paid so much to stay alive.

Thus, the two Emperors quickly retreated from the battlefield, and directly tore apart the void to escape.

But it was then——

A beam of golden light suddenly overflowed from the direction of Light City.

Before anyone could react, they could hear anguished screams from one of the dark Emperors who had already entered the space cracks. On his back was a rapidly vibrating golden arrow, which had almost pierced through his body. A large amount of Emperor blood splattered before he fell from the space cracks...

Vaguely, in the far Light City there was loud cheering from a fatty and a group of soldiers.

And this arrow had completely put an end to this battle.

In the end, the four Martial Emperors from the Dark Realm who came in a very threatening manner were all defeated, and only the Wild Ox Emperor managed to escape.

The other three Emperors of the Dark Realm had all perished.

Everyone at the city gate was staring blankly.

Unsurprisingly, this would become an earthshaking battle recorded in the history of the empire.

In the Vast Thousand Domains, where a Martial Emperor had not been seen for tens of thousands of years, a battle broke out among several Martial Emperors. This, for most people, was like a dream.

It was originally thought to be a disaster, who knew that it was going to be full of twists and turns, and in the end forced out the real hidden card of the Light Palace——Although the identity of Gao Diping and Wen Wan were only known to the upper-ups of the empire, and many ordinary soldiers did not know them, this was already enough. The emergence of Martial Emperors had unsurprisingly set off an unimaginable wave in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Of the four Emperors of the Dark Realm, three were dead and one had escaped. The haze over Snow capital was swept away immediately.

Countless soldiers were cheering at the city gate.

The morale skyrocketed like a surging tide.

It was only Yu Xiaoxing, Lin Zheng and a few higher-ups of the empire, who vaguely understood the truth, and were not so optimistic. They knew very clearly that this victory was just the first battle. The real crisis had not yet dispersed.

Because the strange force field that enveloped the whole imperial capital did not dissipate, the Heaven Wasteland Empire still couldn’t contact the outside world in any way.

Shadows were still hanging over the capital.

But now was not the time to discuss these things.

Because under the Empress’s order, the imperial army had launched a counter-attack, and with the cooperation of Gao Diping and Wen Wan, the imperial elite army that had been restrained for a period of time, like a tiger let out of its cave, charged out and directly submerged the horde of beasts stationed outside the city.

This was the real large-scale war that the imperial army launched against the horde of beasts.

Without the manipulation of the dark Emperors such as the wild ox, the horde of beasts became chaotic and disorderly again, and even appeared to kill each other. Although the battle strength under the rampage was still very terrifying, in the end they were no match for the Human Race army. The battle lasted for about one day and one night, and it was at dawn when the horde of beasts finally collapsed and fled back in droves in the direction of Deer City.

Looking around, the ground was covered with corpses of fierce beasts.

Wang Lijin, along with the soldiers of the Light battalion, as well as Yang Henshui, Li Changkong and others, and with the cooperation of the imperial guards, began to clean the battlefield. Although the fierce beasts were terrifying when alive, after death their bodies were full of treasures. Although their meat cannot be eaten, their bones, tendons, and fur were extremely remarkable materials for alchemy. A variety of weapons and armour can be made from them, which may not be useful for top experts, but as equipment for the general army, can increase the strength of the whole army.

There was a joyful atmosphere in the imperial capital.

There were stories of the battle being retold everywhere.

But inside the imperial city, it was a different story.

The power that Gao Diping and Wen Wan showed was enough for them to obtain absolute transcendental status. After the war, the Empress first went to the Light Palace.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

