Chapter 541:


Chapter 561, The value of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]

The aura that erupted from the Moon Wheel was like a raging wave. Even if separated by the boundary walls of the Storm Platform, the people on the surrounding floating peaks could all feel the terror of the power, which did not belong to Chen Shaohua. Therefore, on each floating peak, this scene stunned everyone.

“This is... the power of the Immortal Step boundary!”

“Among the Moon Wheel, there was unexpectedly a strong aura of an Immortal Step expert... this is not a Moon Wheelthat Chen Shaohua activated.”

“Yes, it's obvious... it is the aura of the peak master of Great Hua Peak! He sealed his strength in the moon's wheel, to fight a junior!”

“The peak master of Great Hua Peakhad entered the Immortal Step for several hundreds of years, possessing unfathomable strength, but as an elder, he unexpectedly used this method to...”

“The high and mighty Greater One Sect used such means to deal with a junior, it is very contemptible!”

After all, not everyone are dogs of Greater One Sect, some of the experts also could not help whispering and criticizing upon seeing the scene.

And immediately someone reminded in a low voice——

“Be quiet, don’t let the people of Greater One Sect hear you.”

“What? Can I not speak the truth, is Greater One Sect going to cover over everything?”

“Don’t be too impulsive.”

On a floating peak, several people quarreled.

At this time, an elder who had been keeping order on this floating peak, gave a slight smile, “Everyone, let’s watch the battle on the Storm Platform. Manage your own mouth. Do not talk, or who knows what kind of disaster will fall on your body... Haha, in this world, there are people dying everyday!”

His tone was heavy with threat.

Those quarrelling people were after all people of little sects. Although they were furious, but they dared not make a sound.

In recent years, Greater One Sect had been too powerful; many experts and sects felt indignant but dared not voice their objections.

And such a scene also occurred on many other of the other floating peaks at the same time.

Countless martial artists were forced to keep their resentment to themselves.

On the Hundred Spirits Sect’s floating peak.

“Greater One Sect used such low tactics! Tian Huang, he--” Hundred Spirits Sect’s eldest senior sister Shen Menghua subconsciously jumped up and blurted out upon seeing the scene on the platform.

In her mind she despised the Greater One Sect. Her beautiful eyes were filled with worries.

“Senior sister...” Liu Ruxin hurriedly motioned her to sit down.

After all, at this moment, there were Greater One Sect elders on this floating peak. They were said to attend to guest’s needs but were in fact monitoring them.

Shen Menghua still wanted to say something.

“Menghua, sit down.”  An elder of the Hundred Spirits Sect interrupted her.

Shen Menghua’s complexion repeatedly changed, and finally let out a low inward sigh, silently shaking her head.

On a small floating peak.

“His mother, this Greater One Sect really is despicable, they unexpectedly used such ruthless tactics. Brother Tian Huang may not be able to withstand this!” Hu Bugui leapt up when he saw the force that broke out from the Moon Wheel.

There was a very obscure movement of yuan qi from his body.

On his side, Liu Shaji, Nan Tieyi and the others were darkened with anger.

What Greater One Sect had done really was too much.

They all had made preparations to rescue him. Once Tian Huang really was... even if they broke the rules of the Storm Platform, they will still help out.

……

On the Storm Platform.

Ye Qingyu was on guard as though he was facing a formidable enemy.

“I can't even move!”

He frowned slightly.

This body of qi of the Moon Wheel was too strong, and adding to this was triggered by the power of the Immortal Step boundary. If he was hit, he would be seriously injured, if not dead!

His mind made a momentary judgment.

Of course, Ye Qingyu was not afraid.

Because he still had a lot of cards that he had not played.

Opposite.

Chen Shaohua had completely abandoned all of his self-esteem, completely fallen from grace.

He gave an evil grin, ugly and hideous, like a demon.

“Do you feel the aura of death? Haha, you see, I said before, you are dead today.” Chen Shaohua smiled grimly.

He imitated the imposing manner of Ye Qingyu when he threw out his fist before, letting the moon slowly close in on Ye Qingyu, letting the power of the Moon Wheel  slowly crush Ye Qingyu in order to let Ye Qingyu feel more torture and fear before he was killed. He also wanted to see on Ye Qingyu’s face, the crazy struggle and madness he displayed when he was almost dying.

But Chen Shaohua was disappointed.

Ye Qingyu only just slightly frowned.

“Do I need to use the flash formation in the bronze book? No, that is one of the cards to rescue Xing'er, If I used it now how do I rescue Xing'er later.”

Ye Qingyu rejected the idea himself.

On the opposite side, the Moon Wheel was already rolling over to him.

Just as Ye Qingyu was deeply constrained, and was ready to use another card, an unexpected change appeared.

Among his dantian was a warm current slowly surfacing, like a burning flame.

He was taken aback for a moment.

The next moment, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that was situated silently in his dantian was suddenly vibrating, automatically operating itself in the absence of Ye Qingyu's activation.

Ye Qingyu vaguely felt that the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was shaking like it wanted to be free from his control, as though it was a living object, releasing an unprecedented aura. The next moment, it indeed turned into a stream of light, escaping from his dantian, buzzing and vibrating. In the beginning it was only a fist-like size, flashing with strange rune markings. The originally dark yellow furnace walls were also releasing a bright golden brilliance, before turning into a large three-legged cauldron that needed five or six people to encircle it fully, automatically suspending above Ye Qingyu's head.

The cauldron hummed like the laws of heaven and earth were circulating.

There was a dark yellow mist spilling out from the [Cloud Top Cauldron], like a braid of weeping willow, but also like a crystal curtain. The mysterious yellow light mist was just enough to envelop Ye Qingyu within.

Such a change had completely baffled Ye Qingyu.

And then——

Boom!

A power that was at the Immortal Step stage activated, the Moon Wheel striking the mysterious dark yellow light mist above.

The mysterious yellow light mist rippled.

As gentle as the spring breeze brushing the pond surface.

But that terrifying Moon Wheel acted like it hit the Demon God’s sky canopy. It uttered a deafening roar as an explosion of power burst out, like the wrath of Heaven. The space on the platform was torn by this explosive force, creating numerous space cracks and a majestic yuan qi power poured out, forming blades of yuan qi that engulfed the whole platform to bury Ye Qingyu.

The whole Storm Platform was quaking violently, as if it would collapse in the next moment.

Below the Storm Platform.

On each of the large floating peaks.

“What is that?”

“What weapon did Tian Huang summon? It seems like a... a cauldron?”

“That cauldron, can block the Moon Wheel?”

The crowds on the floating peaks broke into a clamour.

The experts on the small and large floating peaks were all staring in the direction of the Storm Platform, their expressions were each different to the other. Someone wore a complacent face, some faces were crossed with worries and some were furious.

At this time Old Fish seemed unworried, sitting with one leg over the other and humming a tune.

Hu Bugui, Nan Tieyi and the others possessed profound strength, and originally they were about to rescue Ye Qingyu when they saw the appearance of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] on the Storm Platform, causing them to hesitate for a moment.

On Greater One Sect’s floating peak.

Greater One Spiritual Master kept an indifferent complexion, as if everything happening on the platform had nothing to do with him.

Behind him the peak master of Great Hua Peak knitted his brows in a slight frown, killing intent flitting across his eyes.

The influential figures of the Nangong family, the Sky Demon Palace, and the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect also seriously fixed their eyes on the Storm Platform. The battle on the Storm Platform had ignited their interest.

On the Storm Platform.

The blade of yuan qi gradually dissipated.

The terrifying power was also gradually eliminated.

Smoke dispersed.

Dust settled.

Under the gazes of innumerable eyes, a figure safely landed.

It was Ye Qingyu.

His body was without the slightest scar, his aura was calm and relaxed.

Above his head was a three foot ancient cauldron quietly floating.

The veil-like light curtain hanging down from the cauldron was fluttering along with the gentle breeze, and the thread-like lines on the light curtain were winding like a picture scroll.

Not a single hair was injured.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron]n had completely withstood the power of the Moon Wheel.

Vaguely, the crowds on the floating peaks burst into quiet cheers.

Opposite.

“This... No way....How can it be?”

Chen Shaohua exclaimed, face twisted with disbelief, like he had just seen a ghost.

The strength of the Moon Wheel was so powerful, even Immortal Step experts weremost likely unable to withstand an attack, how could they not be shocked...

This cauldron... is it a divine weapon?

No, no, even a divine weapon needs an Immortal Step expert to activate for it to withstand the fatal blow of the Moon Wheel, but Tian Huang had not reached the Immortal Step boundary, but by relying on this cauldron alone he had successfully blocked the power of the Moon Wheel.

“Is this cauldron, is it a... sacred weapon?”

Chen Shaohua stared dumbfoundedly.

His gaze rested on the ancient cauldron above Ye Qingyu.

This cauldron looked like an ancient and simple cauldron, about one meter high and wide, with a thin layer of gold stained with brilliance. In the sun it looked as though it was made from pure gold, and its whole body depicted various ancient beasts and patterns, vivid and lifelike, as though they were living creatures. The flowing cloud patterns on the ancient cauldron’s three legs were drawing the outline of a previously never-seen-before rune. A mist-like light curtain hung around the cauldron like a veil, exuding a moonlight-like halo that shrouded Ye Qingyu within.

Under the shrouding of the mysterious yellow light of the giant cauldron, Ye Qingyu’s black hair fluttered, his clothes billowed about, looking like a demon god overlooking the mortals.

Chen Shaohua almost lost the ability to think.

……

At this time, Ye Qingyu was pleasantly surprised.

He never thought that the [Cloud Top Cauldron] would have such a change, actively protecting the master.

All along, Ye Qingyu had treated the copper cauldron as an instrument, a tool, and had never had expanded its function in the direction of an attack and defense weapon, and had never thought that it possessed such tremendous power.

A moment of good luck made Ye Qingyu realize that before, he may have underestimated the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

After all, it was a divine item that had occupied a similar area as the ancient bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart] in his dantian. It was most likely that even it’s background would far exceed Ye Qingyu’s imagination.

Back then, when Liu Yuanchang obtained this treasure, he merely treated it as an ordinary pill furnace, and Ye Qingyu had also once stated that it was a waste for the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to fall into the hands of Liu Yuanchang. Who would have thought that once he got the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he also did not notice the preciousness of the copper cauldron and had been neglecting it all along. What's the difference between him and Liu Yuanchang?

Ye Qingyu criticized himself inwardly——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 542:


Chapter 562, Dare not to kill you?

Ye Qingyu realized that he had made the same mistake as Liu Yuanchang, ignoring the real value of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Thinking of how the [Cloud Top Cauldron] so effortlessly withstood the Moon Wheel’s attack, Ye Qingyu looked at Chen Shaohua who was shrouded in the light shield of the Sun Wheel. An idea came to mind.

So then, all the people around the floating peaks saw a scene that made them flabbergasted——

They only saw Ye Qingyu gently raising his hand, reaching out to hold the ancient cauldron above his head, like a big hammer, and lightly weighed it in his hand. It seemed that it was not too heavy. Then he carried this huge [Cloud Top Cauldron] and walked over to where Chen Shaohua was with a smile on his face.

Chen Shaohua panicked for a moment.

But the next moment he soon calmed down, “Tian Huang, you... what do you want to do? I have the Sun Wheel to protect my body, what can you do to me!”

“Oh, the unbreakable Sun Wheel right. Today I will break it in front of you!”

Finished speaking, Ye Qingyu swung up the [Cloud Top Cauldron], fiercely striking Chen Shaohua.

He treated the giant cauldron as a weapon, directly smashing toward Chen Shaohua.

Clang!

A deafening sound rang.

Chen Shaohua could only feel his body shaking all over, a terrifying power penetrating even through the light shield of the Sun Wheel, shaking him to the point that his organs felt as though they were shattering to pieces, before everything darkened in front of him.

Clang clang clang!

Ye Qingyu did not stop, repeatedly pounding the [Cloud Top Cauldron] at him three more times.

With each strike, the Sun Wheel's dazzling golden light dimmed down a bit.

“Pff!”

Chen Shaohua spurted out a jet of blood.

He realized the situation was looking bad, his face grew terrified, and was going to say something, but Ye Qingyu did not allow him the opportunity. He swung the [Cloud Top Cauldron] again.

Clang!

Clang!

Clang!

Another three continuous pounding sounds.

The golden brilliance around the Sun Wheel was so dim that it was almost invisible, and the dragon-shaped formation on the shield was being broken inch by inch.

“No... no... you...” Chen Shaohua, who was already deathly pale, opened his mouth wide to scream.

Before his voice fell.

Snap.

A clear sound came, as though glass were shattered.

And then——

Boom!

In the midst of a muffled sound, there was something exploding.

The light shield around Chen Shaohua finally issued a mournful wail, unable to bear the power, bursting into fragments. Cracks began to spread across the Sun Wheel as it fell before Chen Shaohua.

Ye Qingyu stopped.

He dragged the giant cauldron with one hand and stepped on Chen Shaohua's chest with his foot, “What? Now tell me, can I break your Sun Wheel?”

Chen Shaohua's face was as pale as dying embers.

A feeling of defeat and physical injury made him unable to accept the outcome in the first instance.

Raising his head to look at Tian Huang, Chen Shaohua was very angry and resentful. He almost lost all his reasoning ability. His heart was blazing wildly, he clasped his chest and howled with laughter, “Haha, Tian Huang, so what if you defeated me? Haha, do you dare to kill me? If you kill me, Greater One Sect will not let you live!”

“Is Greater One Sect that powerful?” Ye Qingyu slowly raised the giant cauldron into the air,“I will kill you, no one can protect you.”

Chen Shaohua looked up to the sky as he was trampled by Ye Qingyu, the giant cauldron was swung higher and higher, blocking the sun's rays and leaving him in darkness.

If this cauldron really pounded down, let alone a person, even iron would most likely be smashed into iron paste.

Chen Shaohua gritted his teeth.

He did not believe that Tian Huang would really kill him on such an occasion.

In the distance.

On the Greater One Sect's floating peak.

Great Hua Peak master suddenly rose to his feet.

Several other peak masters also had a change of expression on their faces.

Standing behind the headmasters, the successors also had a fierce look.

Nangong family, Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, the Sky Demon Palace, Heaven Desire Demon Sect, and The Hundred Spirits Sect...

All the forces and sects around the Storm Platform had their eyes fixed on the Storm Platform, focused on the giant cauldron held aloft.

Ye Qingyu singlehandedly held up the giant cauldron, and seemed to want to smash it down.

But he had only swung down halfway, when he seemed to have suddenly thought of something, slowly stopped and placed the giant cauldron to one side.

Everyone’s eyes were fixed upon this scene.

The people of Greater One Sect finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Some people of the other sects shook their heads, some sighed and some nodded.

“Hahaha, I told you that you won't dare to kill me, hahaha, you coward...” Chen Shaohua wildly laughed. “You think you can uphold justice, you think you are a hero, hahaha, so funny, you are just a coward. Didn't you say you’re going to kill me? Haha, are you not going to avenge old man Xie? Hahaha, what now? You're afraid of attacking, poor thing...”

Ye Qingyu lowered his head, looking down at the Great Hua Peak’s successor that was being trampled.

He faintly smiled.

“Don’t dare to kill you? I think you may be mistaken, I won’t use the cauldron to hit you because I do not want your dirty blood to soil my cauldron.” Ye Qingyu said calmly. “Now I will send you to hell to apologize to those who have been slaughtered by you.”

Before his voice died away.

Ye Qingyu suddenly exerted force at his feet.

Chen Shaohua stared at him blankly, then extreme fear flickered in the depths of his eyes, but before waiting for him to respond, the terrifying power directly crushed his body into mud. Not one part of his body was preserved. Purple lightning broke out from Ye Qingyu’s foot, utterly destroying Chen Shaohua’s consciousness.

Everything happened in a flash.

When Ye Qingyu set down the giant cauldron, everyone thought that he held back because he was afraid of killing Chen Shaohua.

So when he attacked for the second time, almost no one could imagine such a scene.

So there was no one that could save Chen Shaohua in time.

Around the Storm Platform.

Above all the floating peaks, there was a deathly silence.

Between heaven and earth, there seemed to be only the wind whistling.

Chen Shaohua ruptured into blood mist and fell from the sky, shaking the nerves of countless experts.

As though he had done something trivial, Ye Qingyu waved his hand and stood to one side, slightly exerting force, to shake away the bloodstain on his foot. He turned his head to look at the giant cauldron, summoning the [Cloud Top Cauldron] back to his dantian. The cauldron continued to quiet down.

On the Storm Platform, Ye Qingyu indifferently stood in his original place.

The oppressive killing intent and yuan qi vanished.

The blood of Chen Shaohua was being imperceptibly absorbed by the Storm Platform.

The area thousands of miles around the Storm Platform suddenly became extremely quiet, as if time and space had frozen.

There was not one person in the audience that was not astonished.

No one expected that this mysterious Tian Huang really dared to kill Great Hua Peak's successor.

In the distance.

On the floating peak of the Nangong family.

A mist of light flickered past the Palace Master’s eyes as he closed the white jade folding fan and whispered to the elders next to him.

“This Tian Huang, he is interesting.....”

“From the news of the last few days, the power of this successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect is very different.”

“Yes, and also no. It's just that cauldron that is a little weird.”

“Well, it is difficult to distinguish the ranking of the cauldron, but an object that can break the Moon Wheel is not an ordinary object.”

On the Sky Demon Palace's floating peak.

The Palace Master had a little ruminative smile, while the Spiritual Master Long Jiao bowed down, reporting something.

“Thunder and Lightning Sect’s successor Tian Huang? This man, investigate him carefully, and that cauldron.”

“Yes.”

On the floating peak of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

The master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was wearing a mask and his expression was concealed.

But in his originally dull and still eyes was a different colour. As he looked to the Storm Platform there was a more elusive meaning.

And behind him, the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, in addition to a trace of appreciation, there was a trace of eagerness and fighting spirit blazing in his eyes.

It was an expression that a martial artist shows when they see a worthy opponent.

On the Heaven Desire Demon Sect’s floating peak.

The several graceful gongzis and the beautiful women had already stood up. No one knew what the man had said to make the charming women blush and cover their mouths chuckling, while casting glances at Ye Qingyu out of the corner of their eyes.

Among them, two stunning women simply stared at Ye Qingyu with an undisguised desire.

On the Hundred Spirits Sect's floating peak.

“Eldest senior sister, he... he won.”

Liu Ruxin was indescribably shocked.

She also could not describe what sort of feeling it was, but it was certainly joy more than worry.

“Yes... unexpectedly... he won” Like talking in her sleep, Shen Menghua repeated the junior sister’s words.

After the initial great shock, she had been staring in the direction of Storm Platform, until she gradually calmed down. In addition to the astonishment of Gongzi Tian Huang’s strength, her forehead was creased with worry.

This Gongzi Tian Huang does not think over what he does.

He had so openly killed Greater One Sect's Great Hua Peak successor, Chen Shaohua, would Greater One Sect really follow the rules of the Storm Platform and not retaliate?

But why was it that, after seeing him kill Chen Shaohua regardless of everything, she admired him even more?

Shen Menghua could not explain her own psychology.

She looked over to the seniors of the Hundred Spirits Sect, who were conversing in secret code, and on everyone's faces was unconcealable shock.

And this time, no one knew who started, but discussion gradually began around the floating peak, louder and louder, until the voices resembled the rumbling of spring thunder, engulfing the Storm Platform and simply could not be suppressed.

“Heavens, he really is dead.”

“Stomped into smithereens... This Tian Huang really is ruthless.”

“How dare he!”

“This enmity will continue, Great Hua Peak's successor is killed, Greater One Sect’s face had been beaten swollen, especially since the Sun and Moon Double Wheel had been summoned and still lost...”

“Oh, I didn’t expect that the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect really would kill Chen Shaohua in Greater One Sect's territory.”

“Guess what kind of reaction will the Greater One Sect have?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 543:


Chapter 563, Step past my body first

“This... the rules of the Storm Platform were set by Greater One Sect themselves, if they really pursue against Tian Huang, then it will be unjustified.”

“This Chen Shaohua is the successor of the Greater One Sect's Great Hua Peak. In the past hundred years he had offended many sects of Clear River Domain, but his backing is too powerful so everybody just swallowed up the insults.”

“Right, today that Tian Huang killed Chen Shaohua, and even though no one said anything there certainly will be many people applauding in their hearts.”

“I think we should wait and see, Greater One Sect had painfully lost an extremely strong successor, they certainly will not let this matter go.

“Right, no matter how powerful Tian Huang and that Thunder and Lightning Sect are, Greater One Sect has a great difference in social standing in comparison, we better wait for Greater One Sect's response.”

The shock that this battle brought about was not the same as that of the previous hundreds of battles because it involved a disciple of the greatest sect of Clear River Domain.

Everyone was very careful in their discussion and yet was as unrestrained as before. At this moment the people that were interacting with each other all could not help but wear vigilant expressions.

Meanwhile.

At this time, the several Patriarchs that were led the Greater One Spiritual Master appeared calm and composed. But their eyes flashed lightning bolts of fury.

The yuan qi above the lotus stand was becoming more and more intense at this time.

Among them was the headmaster of the Great Hua Peak He Ju. At this moment, he was finding difficulty in calming his wrath. He quickly rose to his feet, eyes blazing with killing intent, and balls of golden flames burst forth from his hand, suppressing the yuan qi of rage from spreading around and thereby forming an imposing and threatening cyclone.

Chen Shaohua was He Ju’s closely related successor.

But he was dead?

Not only him, until this very moment, many experts of the Greater One Sect were still finding it hard to believe the scene that they had seen.

In particular, the other seven successors of the other peaks were both shocked and enraged.

As one of the most outstanding and distinguished person of his generation, the difference between the strength of Chen Shaohua and theirs was obvious. Especially in these 10 days in which his yuan qi and consciousness had improved by leaps and bounds. And at the same time he was given the Sun and Moon Double Wheels, now the other successors of the other peaks were no match for him.

However, Chen Shaohua was killed by the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect.

It was like killing a chicken and killing it easily.

This indicated that the future successors of Greater One Sect would be no match for the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect.

This scene before them was like a merciless slap across the face for these pampered and insufferably arrogant successors. They looked at each other in dismay, face ashen, and stood speechless.

On a smaller floating peak and more distant in comparison to the floating peaks that the successors were situated on, Xiao Yunlong and the other disciples were more frightened.

Their eyes were clouded with fear and their faces were grave. The few usually clamorous and arrogant disciples, at this time, although their faces were distorted with rage, they were fearful of Tian Huang’s strength and did not dare say a word.

“Brother Xiao, that brat of the Thunder and Lightning Sect is too wild.”

The junior brother of Xiao Yunlong, who usually acts as accomplice to him, was also indignant, yet he was only brave enough to lower his voice and whisper to Xiao Yunlong.

Xiao Yunlong seemed like he could not hear him.

“Senior brother?”

He saw that Xiao Yunlong did not say a word, and quietly pulled at senior brother Xiao’s sleeve.

But Xiao Yunlong seemed to be deeply immersed in his thoughts, completely ignoring what the younger brother was saying.

At this time Xiao Yunlong’s heart was full of unbearable shock and fear. This feeling of fear spread from the toes to his head, wandering to the ends of his hair. The repressed feeling made even his breathing become extremely difficult, and his four limbs, hundreds of bones and yuan qi power were all imprisoned by his own fear, his fingers uncontrollably quivering.

What kind of devil had he offended, how could he have so easily killed Shishu Chen whose strength was at the level of the peak of Bitter Sea boundary. If it was himself that was in front of him instead, it would have been as simple as pinching an ant to death.

Previously, he had clashed with him several times already, which had fuelled a great deal of rancour between them. Next time, he most likely would not escape death.

No, he must not let him leave Greater One Sect alive today, otherwise he won’t be able to survive.

With this thought, an unprecedented evil and ruthless flame erupted within Xiao Yunlong’s eyes.

……

“Little bastard, I will kill you to avenge Shaohua!”

Great Hua Peak’s He Ju finally could not stand it any longer.

A deep and resounding bell-like roar cut the sky, shaking the mind of everyone to the point that it felt as though they had been struck by a copper cauldron.

This silver-haired old man, who was one of the eight peak headmasters, one of the eight great figures of Greater One Sect, because of the death of his beloved disciple Chen Shaohua, he sank into extreme anger, and he chose to immediately take action.

He Ju's strength was equally as frightening. In a flash he had arrived above the platform.

Like a demon god, Great Hua Peak’s headmaster He Ju’s entire body including his silver hair was surging with wave-like yuan qi. The fierce hatred within his eyes seemed like it would burn the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect in front of him to ashes.

A terrifying pressure, in this moment, was pouring down.

On the Storm Platform, Ye Qingyu had to bear the brunt of the force of this Immortal Step expert.

He Ju was like a Demon God, the power and aura of the Immortal Step boundary was blossoming to the extent that it made everyone around feel suffocated, as though doomsday was coming.

The unquestionable voice of an older generation Immortal Step boundary expert, like the verdict of a Demon God, echoed between heaven and earth.

“You killed my beloved disciple, today you are not going to leave Greater One Sect alive.”

With this remark, an uproar broke out on the floating peaks.

Many people thought that Greater One Sect would not leave the matter at that, but they did not expect He Ju to choose such a direct and rough way of dealing with it.

Someone finally couldn't stand it any longer.

It was Hu Bugui.

This bearded man’s body flashed, instantaneously coming into the void, scowling at He Ju with a cold smile on his face, “I have seen shameless people, but none as shameless as you. Shameless old thing, on the Storm Platform, it is based on skills; life and death are left to the heaven to decide. Your good disciple Chen Shaohua challenged my Brother Tian Huang, and repeatedly made things difficult for my brother, he deserved to die. What, are you going to break the rules of the Storm Platform?”

“Yes, others must not seek revenge for the grudges on the Storm Platform, this is a tradition of thousands of years. You want to destroy Greater One Sect's own set of tradition?” The figure of Nan Tieyi also appeared at the side of Hu Bugui.

The two stood side by side in the void, faintly going against He Ju.

Hu Bugui’s words that were seemingly said in the moment of anger were, in fact, straight to the point and hit the nail on the head. His voice was overbearing and did not contain the slightest of fear.

These words spread to the ears of every person present.

The crowd that originally wanted to fan the flames to create an opportunity for them to act friendly to Greater One Sect also kept silent at this moment and dared not to rashly open their mouths to speak.

Because in this matter, the Greater One Sect was indeed wrong.

The rules of the Storm Platform should not be destroyed in a public place with so many people present, not to mention the fact that Greater One Sect was the proposer of the current Storm Sword Duel gathering.

He Ju was raging inside.

But he kept a trace of rationality.

Sensing the atmosphere around, this Great Hua Peaks headmaster also realized that it was unwise to stir up public resentment.

At such a moment, he must not be too impulsive.

Otherwise it would spoil the plans of his senior brother.

Drawing a deep breath, He Ju then coldly smiled as he loudly said, “You two, don’t try to fan the flames and stir up discord. When did I say I am going to destroy the rules of the Storm Platform. I am not ruining tradition, I am just challenging the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect Tian Huang. The grudges on the Storm Platform, the anger of losing my beloved disciple, can I not settle it on the Storm Platform?”

The older the ginger, the spicier it was.

This headmaster of the Great Hua Peak was in charge of the most important peak of the Lotus Flower eight peaks, and was also an extremely prominent and influential master. He was extremely careful and calculating, and easily dissolved Hu Bugui’s question.

As he finished speaking, He Ju also lowered his head to look down at Ye Qingyu on the platform.

“What, Tian Huang, since you are standing on this Storm Platform, don’t tell me you want to destroy the rules of the Storm Platform, and refuse to accept my challenge?”

He Ju smiled coldly.

Without waiting for Ye Qingyu’s reply, he added with a sinister smile, "If you dare to destroy the rules of the Storm Platform, no matter where you flee to, Greater One Sect will kill you, with no mercy.”

“Pah, old thing, acting shameless the instant you were called out.” Hu Bugui was infuriated. “You're forcing my brother to fight against you? How old are you, so despicable! Do you have any shame?”

He Ju also swept a cold glare at Hu Bugui, then said with a cold smile, “The Leader of the 18 gGeat Thieves of Clear River Domain, you’re not a good person yourself. You have been causing chaos to the domain, you deserve to die. This time because all towering figures and martial artists are invited to the Storm Sword Duel gathering, Greater One Sect cannot do anything to you. You have to correct your own mistake, otherwise on the basis of your years of evil, those robberies, you should have been chopped up a long time ago. If you do not want to die, then get lost.”

“You...” Hu Bugui was about to explode.

At this time, another person spoke.

“Hu Bugui, please step aside, do not disturb the Storm Sword Duel gathering. Otherwise, I as the host of the gathering, must personally kill you.” Another influential figure of Greater One Sect, the headmaster of Lotus Flower Peak, Liu Xuezong also added, slowly coming closer, yuan qi surging violently, and his aura was extremely tyrannical.

Hu Bugui replied irritably, “Good, Greater One Sect really are shameless, come, you want a fight? I, Old Hu have never been afraid. If you want to touch my Brother Tian Huang, then step past my body first.”

When he finished speaking, a strong yuan qi surged from his body, gradually diffusing out.

The atmosphere suddenly became extremely tense.

On the other side, although Nan Tieyi did not say a word, he was high up in the void next to Hu Bugui.

And there was also Liu Shaji.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 544:


Chapter 564, Treat my Thunder and Lightning Sect as nothing

No one had thought that, under the situation that Greater One Sect was clearly going to teach Tian Huang a lesson, there would be someone standing out to support Tian Huang.

And they supported him in such a tyrannical way.

For a moment, countless eyes were focused on Hu Bugui and the other two people.

A fierce battle seemed like it would explode at any moment.

On the big and small floating peaks around the Storm Platform, suddenly everyone had a change of expression.

In the distance.

On the floating peaks of the Nangong family.

“Lord, this Tian Huang really is a talent, if we want to recruit him, then now...” One of the elders whispered to Nangong Jue.

Nangong Jue looked to Ye Qingyu on the stage, a trace of appreciation in his eyes, but immediately this appreciation turned into pity, as he gently shook his head and said, “We won't meddle in this.”

The elder was taken aback for a moment, then understanding dawned on him, and he nodded and stood to one side.

Yes, Tian Huang was a talent of a generation, his aptitude extraordinary, and that he may be well known across Clear River Domain in the future. If it was at other times, Nangong family will find ways to recruit him, but the situation was now different. The Greater One Sect held critical information about the new Heaven Wasteland Domain, and if the Nangong family stood up for Tian Huang at this moment, they may subsequently lose the opportunity to enter the new domain. The loss at that time will be even more serious.

Although Tian Huang was worth investing in, but he cannot be compared with the inexhaustible resources in the newHeaven Wasteland Domain.

Comparing the two, the Nangong family will certainly abandon Tian Huang.

The several other elders of the Nangong family, upon seeing that their Lord had declared his stance, very soon also understood his meaning.

And on the several other big floating peaks, the choice of the Sky Demon Palace and the other super sects was surprisingly consistent with that of the Nangong family.

Weighing the pros and cons, the several major forces eventually chose to remain silent.

Their silence had made some of the other first-tier and second-tier sects even more lose the right to speak.

This was the cruelty of the martial world.

Most of the time, many looked at the benefits, rather than the right or wrong.

For a while, the noise and chatter between the large and small floating peaks around the platform gradually died down.

Gradually, everyone understood something, closed their mouths and kept silent. They instead looked at Tian Huang standing on the Storm Platform with compassion and pity in their eyes.

Although he had only started out, the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect Tian Huang was an absolute talent of a generation. The two battles at the Enlightened Tea Garden and on the Storm Platform were absolutely enough for him to become famous, especially his battle just now against Chen Shaohua, in which he unbelievably broke the Sun and Moon Double Wheels...

Unfortunately, he chose the wrong opponent.

Why did he have to go against the Greater One Sect?

And it was at such an occasion.

Geniuses that cannot grow up are nothing.

It seemed that this amazing genius was doomed to fall today.

The wind rustled the leaves.

The scattered clouds were cold and dismal.

The figures on the Storm Platform seemed to be in confrontation with the whole world, many people's eyes were filled with inexplicable solemn tragicness.

Among the crowd of Greater One Sect disciples, Xiao Yunlong's face revealed a sinister excitement.

“Haha, yes, that's it... Tian Huang, this time, you're dead, you will be dead, hahaha...”

He was almost roaring wildly in his mind.

This was the scene that he looked forward to and hoped for.

He could already see the beautiful scene of Tian Huang’s blood splashing across the platform.

……

Above the Storm Platform.

Great Hua Peaks headmaster He Ju ran his hand along his more-than-half-meter-long silver beard, his eyes falling on Nan Tieyi, and the corners of his mouth curved in a disdainful smile. He looked up to the sky, laughing out loud three times before he said, “Hahaha, I did not expect that Young Emperor would no longer be shrinking back, so bloodthirsty. Haha, the Immortal God Emperor Sect has fallen like a star thousands of years ago. Even if the Immortal God Emperor Court was glorious at the time, it is now just a handful of history books. If you still care about your identity and status, then do not talk. Be careful of standing on the wrong side, which will lead people to break through the secluded sect in the mountainous forest. If so, a major sect will be uprooted and fall from power.”

This speech was full of undisguised disdain and threats.

Opposite.

Nan Tieyi’s face flashed a trace of hesitation, slightly nodding his head, but he finally raised his head up again, saying, “Today I am not the Young Emperor of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, I only represent me.”

“What graceful words, Young Emperor your highness is too naive. You better step aside, to avoid making a mistake.” He Ju coldly laughed.

Nan Tiyi’s expression was incomparable firm; he no longer spoke and stood silently without budging an inch.

It was because Greater One Sect had misgivings about the identity of Nan Tieyi that He Ju would say that much to Nan Tieyi.

After all, the Immortal God Emperor Sect had once rescued the entire domain, and even if they were no longer as glorious as before, they had won the hearts of the people. The Greater One Sect was ambitious and flourishing, and to build the power and influence that the Immortal God Emperor Sect possessed back then, they naturally still had to worry about the hearts of the people.

At this moment, on a distant floating peak, Greater One Spiritual Master suddenly spoke.

“Junior brother Liu, Junior brother Liao, Junior brother Zhang, escort Young Emperor his highness away, in order to avoid Young Emperor from getting injured. Swords have no eyes.” A Greater One Spiritual Master said lightly.

“Yes, Senior brother.”

The three peak headmasters behind bowed and then soared into the air, in the direction of Nan Tieyi.

These three experts were not weaker than He Ju or Liu Xuezong. They were all Immortal Step boundary experts, and like three great mountains they forcibly took Nan Tieyi away.

Greater One Sect used this manner to make clear of their unyielding stance.

Nan Tieyi and the other two also could not shake Greater One Sect's determination.

Some people, at this moment, also understood a lot.

Even Greater One Spiritual Master had indicated his stance. It was evident that the Greater One Sect was determined on killing, this was not just to avenge Chen Shaohua——If it was just for revenge, then even if they missed the chance this time, given Greater One Sect’s strength, it was not a particularly difficult thing to do in the future. The most likely explanation was that Greater One Sect noticed the extraordinary talent of Tian Huang, and wanted to kill him as soon as possible. Another major reason for doing this was that the Greater One Sect was after Tian Huang’s giant cauldron.

In the past countless of years, Greater One Sect had destroyed many sects in order to snatch their rare treasures.

Back then, in order to take possession of the White Lotus Immortal sword manual and the White Lotus Immortal sword, Greater One Sect had wiped out White Lotus Sword Sect. Furthermore, the power displayed by Tian Huang’s cauldron was far stronger than the White Lotus Immortal sword.

If they spared Tian Huang today, then the cauldron could fall into the hands of others in the future.

Most likely, it wasn’t just Greater One Sect, but other super major sects were also eyeing the cauldron.

A tyrannical force momentarily enveloped Nan Tieyi to forcibly take him away.

He Ju laughed heartily, sweeping his eyes around the other floating peaks, and loudly shouted, “Tian Huang is brutal, Greater One Sect will enforce justice on behalf of the heavens. Fellow martial artists, are there any objections?”

Utter silence.

Only on the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect's floating peak was the young successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect about to step forward to say something, but was gently pushed back by his master.

“Master?”

“Watch first, don't worry.”

On the Hundred Spirits Sect's floating peak, Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxen’s eyes were blazing, but when their master and elders looked at them with a stern look, they did not dare to say anything.

Facing the loud roar of He Ju, many people chose silence.

But there were also some sects and experts, who usually clung to Greater One Sect, that immediately understood the meaning of He Ju’s sentence, and hurriedly supported him——

“Headmaster He is right, kill him, Clear River Domain cannot tolerate such a cruel person.”

“Yes, yes I ask the headmaster of Great Hua Peak to clean up the trash in our Clear River Domain.”

“Headmaster of Great Hua Peak please don't let this tyranny have a chance to breathe.”

“I request Greater One Sect to sort out the evil disciples of Clear River Domain.”

The usually righteous and awe-inspiring sects were actually just as bad as each other. At this time they had become despicable people trying to get Greater One Sect’s favour by flattery.

……

On the platform.

Ye Qingyu, looking at He Ju who was overflowing with murderous intent and listening to the stream of endless condemnation from all directions, did not show the slightest fear on his face.

When he was killing Chen Shaohua, he had already predicted that the Greater One Sect would not let him go, so he finally killed Chen Shaohua without mercy and made it a big deal.

“Heh, they really are a shameless sect, they really have no limit to their despicableness... fine, I will simply mess up the situation. Since we started, then we might as well carry it through. Let’s unleash some strength for Greater One Sect to see, and once the Storm Platform and Greater One Peak is in chaos, I will find a chance to save Xing’er... However, I cannot let brother Hu and the other people get involved, I must make them leave first.”

Ye Qingyu planned out his next steps in his mind.

“Brother Hu, Brother Nan, Brother Liu,” Ye Qingyu laughed loudly, looking at the three figures in the sky that chose to go against everyone else because of him, and then said in an appreciative voice, “Please step aside. Today's favour, I will never forget about it, I will definitely repay you in the future, Tian Huang knows what to do, no need to trouble big brothers.”

As he was speaking, his right fist clenched tight, purple bolts of lightning twisting around his fingertips, and was about to launch the method that he had planned earlier.

Hu Bugui loudly scolded, “Little brat, you’re still so stubborn at this time... You have earned your reputation, but now, hurry and leave. We will protect you and bring you away.”

His voice had not yet faded.

But at this time, there was a change that no one expected happening——

“Yo, you really think my Thunder and Lightning Sect is nothing, and you can knead it at will?”

A voice that carried one third of teasing, one third of anger and one third of mockery resounded between heaven and earth.

Everyone was stunned.

At the beginning, the voice was simple and ordinary; the first word sounded as though it came from an average person, there was not the slightest imposing manner.

But then every word that followed was like a mountain peak, oppressing all people to the point of suffocation. Everyone’s faces was crossed with shock and horror as an indescribable force burst forth. Each word was more terrifying than the one before and by the time this sentence was finished, on the fifteenth word, the heaven and earth changed colour. The imposing aura around the Storm Platform was abruptly reversed——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

