Chapter 193:


Chapter 194 - Invincible

“Lu Zhaoge, didn't you want to kill me? I've come, why have you still not come out?"

Yan Buhui words were like he was reuniting with an old friend.

His voice was like a Fiendgod singing, reverberating throughout the air, travelling through the entire Youyan Pass. Countless civilians, at this moment clearly heard the provocation of the great villain of this age towards the [War God of Youyan Pass].

Two rays of light shot out from the collapsed structure of the [Breeze and Drizzle building].

It was the commander of the vanguard, Liu Siufeng.

The other figure was another figure that was similarly smiling, and was taller than Liu Siufeng by a head. His figure was thin, and the wide robe drifted about his body. From far away, he seemed like a bamboo wearing a piece of clothing. The lower part of the robe flapped about as if there was nothing there at all. This man had a horse shaped face with a broad mouth, possessing tangerine orange short hair. His two eyebrows were extremely peculiar, the two eyebrows growing very near the center of his forehead. It was extremely clustered at the end of his two eyebrows, causing them to droop down, like two blades were hanging from his face.

This was the commander of the Right Camp Peng Yizhen.

He was one of the six great figures of Youyan Pass.

He was the person that Liu Siufeng said he had a meeting with.

The two figures soared into the skies, standing above the clouds, facing the Yan Buhui far off.

"The power of that villain has gotten so strong?" There was surprise on Liu Siufeng's face.

When he had betrayed and left the Youyan army, Yan Buhui was only at the forty Spirit springs stage. After leaving for a year, he reached the seventy Spirit springs. In three years, he reached the eighty sixth Spirit spring stage, and in the fourth year he had reached the Bitter Sea stage. In these years, the growth of Yan Buhui's stage was shocking, but it largely still remained within the early stages of the Bitter Sea stage.

Even if just accounting one month ago, in the encirclement and assassination operation, the strength Yan Buhui exhibited was not as strong as it was today. If Yan Buhui really had such strength, then at that time he would not have been so heavily injured. He had nearly perished.

But two months had not yet passed, but Yan Buhui's strength had risen to the middle stages of the Bitter Sea stage. This was completely unprecedented.

Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen were similarly of the Bitter Sea stage in terms of cultivation. But facing Yan Buhui right now, they still felt spells of suffocation. They were able to sense that the aura of the opposing party was as deep and as unfathomable as the ocean, like a divine mountain that they could not climb over, as if the enemy could crush and destroy them at any moment. At this moment, these two top class experts did not dare strike out.

"Could it be that this villain has used some secret technique or weapon?" Peng Yizhen's blade-like eyebrow moved, his expression unprecedentedly serious.

On the ground, Ye Qingyu's gaze left the three great experts.

He constantly searched around on the ground, attempting to find any traces of the little loli Song Xiaojun.

A premonition that was clearer and clearer caused Ye Qingyu to nearly suffocate.

He could nearly be sure that the little loli was definitely hiding at some place.

The power of the Unmoving City of Darkness had absolutely already descended at Youyan Pass.

"Little girl, little girl, if you're really here, you must not come out…"

Ye Qingyu prayed in his heart.

However no matter how much he searched, he could not find any traces of the little loli.

As for the previous young girl wearing a short dress and holding the little dagger, there were also no signs of her.

In the skies.

"Old man Lu, if you still don't appear, are you not afraid I'll kill off all your lackeys?"

Like a Fiendgod standing alone in the skies, Yan Buhui's voice thundered throughout the skies. Not seeing the appearance of Lu Zhaoge for such a long time, he had finally gotten a little irritated. He slowly lifted his hand and gradually began to exhibit his pressure to crush everything in front of him.

Following along with his movement, the surging demonic qi [1] that was like the ocean behind him, also began acting violently.

A gigantic palm made from demonic qi began to be born and shrouded the skies, heading forward to crush all in its path.

Immediately the clouds and wind were moved.

The yuan qi of Heaven and Earth intersected in disorder.

The clouds in the skies were blown everywhere.

An indescribably terrifying force headed crushingly towards Liu Zongyuan and Peng Yizhen. This demonic palm was thousands of meters wide, as if a legendary Fiendgod beast had broken apart space and time and descended. The entire Youyan Mountain Range, began quivering at this moment…

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu found it hard to even breathe.

He felt that at this moment, he was like [2] a toad being pressed beneath a mountain. The houses and structures that still remained intact were also affected. One after another, they fell into pieces. Even if Ye Qingyu utilized his entire strength, his entire person was deeply sunken into the ground, being pressed down by an entire meter…

Was this the power of the Bitter Sea stage?

Ye Qingyu's heart was utterly stunned.

This was not a power a mortal should be able to possess. It was completely like a deity.

Ye Qingyu, when he killed both the blood flame demon bear and the snow white demon lizard, was calm and elegant. But right now, just facing the residual forces of the gigantic demonic palm in the skies, he had already lost all his battle power. He bitterly struggled to resist against this force…

In his body, the twenty Spirit springs began to boil. The [Supreme Ice flame] began flickering more and more rapidly.

The power of his inner yuan that he had bitterly suppressed was about to surge and explode after receiving the stimulus from this external pressure.

"Die…"

Ye Qingyu swore, biting apart his lips, forcefully suppressing his inner yuan.

This was a moment of life and death. Once his inner yuan activated, the Yan Buhui in the sky would definitely notice. This villain was exceedingly sensitive to his own aura. At that time, even if he were to abandon the maps, he still wanted to make him stay behind and kill him. If he were discovered by Yan Buhui right now, he could annihilate him with just a snap of his finger.

Ye Qingyu continued to do his utmost to forcibly suppress the yuan qi in his body. It gradually settled down.

But within the skies, the situation of Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen was not as good as Ye Qingyu’s.

"Ai…" "What type of power is this?"

When the gigantic demonic qi palm had not yet pressed against them, the two great experts had activated their yuan qi to obstruct it. They discovered that this unstoppable force was not something that could be obstructed through the power of man. They felt an acute pain in their chests and their wrists as if it had snapped. They spat out a jet of fresh blood, their bodies flying backwards.

The two top experts were indescribably shocked.

Comparing cultivation and battle power, even if two months ago they could not have defeated Yan Buhui, but any one of them could fight against Yan Buhui for over a thousand moves without being defeated. Right now, even with the strength of the two combined, they were heavily injured with one move…

Just what kind of power was this?

Just solely from the residual waves alone. The gigantic palm had not yet truly descended upon them, but the two were already heavily injured?

Peng Yizhen and Liu Siufeng let out a roar of rage, their yuan qi activated to the extreme. Golden radiance completely covered their bodies, and line after line of golden light exploded from their bodies. It was as if two little golden suns had appeared in the air…

They nearly completely expended their entire strength to stabilize within the air after being sent shuddering backwards hundreds of meters.

The tide of battle was evident.

The two great figures were absolutely not the opponents of Yan Buhui.

"Hahahaha…”

Yan Buhui let out a long laugh to the skies.

Everywhere the gigantic demonic qi palm passed by, the air vibrated, as if it was about to tear apart space itself.

The surrounding formation airships also began to quiver and tremble. Especially the tens of ships at the very front, were like little rafts dragged into a whirlpool in the great ocean. They had no way to be controlled and were dragged along by the terrifying air currents. The air could not help but rotate and the ships inside flickered rapidly with formation arrays that let out a frightful explosion. The formations had no way to withstand the pressure of the gigantic demonic qi palm and exploded.

The airships that had lost the formations to act as their energy source were like kites that had their string cut. They fell from within the air…

Ye Qingyu risked his life to crawl from a pit in the ground, looking up towards the skies. Lying in rubble, he saw everything that had happened in the skies.

Such a scene was too ridiculous and unbelievable. Facing this Yan Buhui who was like a Fiendgod, the countless battleships and experts of [Youyan army] were like a group of ants surrounding a massive dragon.

"The effect of a top class expert, is it really so frightful?"

Ye Qingyu sighed with emotion.

Not long ago, he felt what decided victory and loss in battle was strategy, military power, formations, resources etc. But seeing the Yan Buhui ruling over all, such a preconception was completely broken.

The Youyan Pass that had been carefully cultivated by the Empire, having a reputation of being invulnerable to attack. But it had been invaded sneakily by Yan Buhui. And he had appeared with great fanfare. It seemed that there was no power that could defeat him.

In the skies.

Yan Buhui was like the master who overlooked every little being struggling in the mortal world.

"Hahaha… Lu Zhaoge, if you still don't dare come out to see me, then I'll completely slaughter your fangs and claw. Haha…" Yan Buhui said this and within the air, the gigantic demonic qi palm increased its speed. Like the clouds overtaking the moon, it headed towards the direction of Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen, completely destroying everything in its path.

At this moment, the faces of the two great figures of Youyan Pass completely changed.

Facing such a power, they completely could not block it.

Seeing that the huge palm was already in front of their eyes, both of them wanted to flee. But they were locked down by a terrifying qi, their flesh not able to move in the slightest. They felt an acute pain everywhere around their body, as if they were about to transform into powder…

At this instant, within Youyan Pass, the faces of countless people went pale.

The Liu Zongyuan, Wen Wan, and the military warfare officers hiding far off roared with rage, wanting to rush out and save them…

And it was also at this instant—

Xiu!

A sword light cutting everything from the direction of the Pass Lord’s residence far off appeared.

A golden sword light.

Cutting through everywhere it passed.

The sword light was like lightning, piercing through the gigantic demonic qi palm, like a whale sucking water. It completely dispersed this gigantic demonic palm.

Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen rapidly retreated.

Within the skies, from the ground, from all directions, the entire Youyan Pass exploded with mad screams and cheers.

Every soldier and civilian screamed and shouted with excitement.

Such shouts and cheers were like an avalanche, like a tsunami, like the clap of thunder, like a divine song. There was a divine power that began to emanate from Youyan Pass.

The originally tragic atmosphere was completely swept away.

Because all those who had lived for more than a year at Youyan Pass, at the moment when they saw that sword light, they would abandon all their fears and worries. They would forget all their suffering and danger, because they understood just what that golden sword light represented. Its meaning was— [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge.

A living legend of the empire that belonged to this era.

An invincible human legend.

After remaining silent for approximately fifteen minutes time, the deity of Youyan Pass finally acted.

This was the first time Ye Qingyu had seen Lu Zhaoge act.

This sword light, apart from being piercing to the eyes, one could not sense any other energy or fluctuation. But it was through this that the gigantic demonic qi palm was cut apart. The intricacies and profoundness of the martial way contained within that strike could not be understood at all with Ye Qingyu's current level of cultivation and experience.

Is it suppose to be "demon qi" or "demonic qi"?

I think the rest of the sentence is missing here. Raw check please

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 194:


Chapter 195 - Perhaps it was I who was wrong

But it was such a seemingly normal and ordinary sword light that cut apart the gigantic demonic qi palm of Yan Buhui that completely shook the heavens.

Once this sword light appeared, the eyes of everyone in Youyan Pass immediately became bright and beautiful.

And the formation airships that had been shaken to disorder from the leftover vibrations of the demonic qi palm gradually began to steady their footing. Under the orders of some officers, they rapidly retreated in order…

And those formation airships that had fallen were able to receive assistance from others at the first instant.

Within the air.

Yan Buhui did not strike out towards the weaklings again.

He looked at the far off Pass Lord’s residence, a strange smile appearing on his face. "Haha, Old man Lu, you've finally acted? I thought you were so scared that you had pissed your pants, haha…"

Within his words, there was a heavy mocking and provocative tone.

This was the first time in eleven years, that there was someone who used such a tone to speak to the [War God of Youyan Pass] above the air of Youyan Pass.

At this instant, from top to bottom, it was unknown how many people went to a berserk state at Youyan Pass. They hated how they could not rush over and bite this lunatic who had insulted the deity of Youyan Pass to death, bite by bite, crushing him into smithereens.

At this moment, everyone awaited the arrival of the Deity of Youyan, for him to slaughter this villain.

But only a long sigh sounded between Heaven and Earth.

…… …… "Is this the power of the military of Youyan?"

Approximately five or six thousand meters away from the main battlefield, atop a collapsed rubble of a high building, the Crepe Myrtle sect disciple Wei Tianming had large and wide eyes.

The junior and senior brothers behind him were similarly dumbfounded.

The Shishu Liang Quan who had lost one of his limbs sat on a boulder with a pale yellow face.

He had already bandaged his wounds.

For an expert at the Spirit spring stage, losing an arm was rather serious. Only experts of the Bitter Sea stage could regrow their limbs, while experts at the Spirit spring stage can only at the most reconnect their limbs. But the arm that Liang Quan had cut off himsel had already turned into pus by the venom of the snow white demon lizard. It was impossible to retrieve.

The best result, was to find a formation metal master, and ask him to construct a metallic arm.

But a metallic arm would never be as nimble and as flexible as flesh and blood.

An incomplete body was a very unfortunate issue for martial artists. This represented that it would become extremely difficult for them to take a further step forwards, their martial path would become greatly obstructed. To want to pry into the heavenly way with an incomplete body was far more difficult than with a completely body.

Therefore, at this time, Liang Quan's mood was not that good.

But he was still attracted by the battle in the skies that was like a legendary battle between a God and a Devil.

The Crepe Myrtle sect was the top sect within Snow Empire, and there were many top level experts with the sect. But after reaching such a realm, these experts would focus on cultivating their mental state and would not normally act. Therefore, even as the elder of the outer sect, and being in the Crepe Myrtle sect for over thirty years, Liang Quan had never seen a battle at this level before.

"In these years, it is not for no reason that the sects are suppressed and controlled by the Empire. Not mentioning others, just solely the two commanders of the two great camps, are in reality extremely terrifying existences. Within the Crepe Myrtle sect, perhaps there are only core elders or perhaps several exceptional disciples of the younger generation that would be their opponents. At this time, they are only suppressed utterly by the demonic villain, so they did not demonstrate their strength fully…”

Liang Quan speculated in his heart.

And as for the realm the [War God of Youyan Pass] had demonstrated with that sword strike just now, it was already not something that he could estimate at.

Within the tens of thousands people in the Crepe Myrtle sect, there were barely anyone at all who had reached such a realm.

"The machine of the Empire really is the machine of the Empire. Once it begins to move, it is intricate and terrifying… The foundation of the sects is older than the Empire, but comparing efficiency, organizational power, human and financial resources, there is still too large a gap," Liang Quan pondered. Looking at the dumbfounded disciples far off, he lightly shook his head.

This generation of disciples had been nearly completely spoiled by the sects.

They had never experienced any great suffering. Normally, all they heard were the praises concerning the Crepe Myrtle sect. When they travelled around the Jianghu, as long as they announced the name of the Crepe Myrtle sect, everyone would complement them. They would absolutely not go against these disciples in an obvious fashion. As time passed on, they really began to believe that the Crepe Myrtle sect was invincible. Adding to this, the allowances made by the Empire towards the sects caused the disciples of the sects to really think of themselves as the favoured children of Heaven.

If it were a peaceful era, there was not anything bad with such an attitude.

But Liang Quan could already faintly sense that tempestuous times were about to descend upon them.

With his status and power, he already had such a premonition. As for the high elders and the sect master of the Crepe Myrtle sect, they were known to be able to pry into Heaven's will, surveying the entire world. Naturally, they should have long noticed this, and made their own arrangements.

This time, the sect ordered him to bring these little fellows to answer the summons of the Empire and reinforce Youyan Pass. Perhaps this was one of their strategies.

But…

Liang Quan shook his head.

To rely on these little fellows, these flower buds in the greenhouse, just what use could they be?

Liang Quan's mind flashed back to the meaningful words said by the disciplinary hall elder before leaving the sect. He still could not grasp the meaning behind these words.

As he was about to close his eyes and treat his injuries, he suddenly felt a heat at his chest.

Liang Quan was surprised, flipping his palm over. From his chest, he uncovered a dim red jade annulus.

There were five distinct brilliant patterns on the jade annulus, but a line of clustered characters flashed by and disappeared.

"En? Li Qiushiu is coming to Youyan Pass?"

Seeing the contents, Liang Quan was greatly shocked.

Li Qiushiu was one of the top three young talents of the Crepe Myrtle sect, known as the [Breaking Heaven Sword]. Ten years ago, he had long been recognized as one of peerless geniuses that could take over the position of the leader of the Crepe Myrtle sect. His strength was unfathomable; even in the world of sects within the Empire, he could be ranked in the top ten of prodigies. He had always remained in isolated training, for him to come to Youyan Pass now? "The situation is becoming more and more splendid…"

Liang Quan sighed in his heart.

Looking at the time, there was most likely only another four hours before the young leader of the Crepe Myrtle sect was going to arrive.

…… …… "Ai…”

From the direction of the Pass Lord’s residence, there was a long sigh emitting.

The voice sounded.

The deity of the [Youyan army], Lu Zhaoge, had already arrived before Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen.

No one was able to see clearly just how he had arrived.

It was as if he was there from the start to the beginning.

At this time, there were countless worshipping eyes that turned to look at the deity of the [Youyan army]. It was as if the most religious fanatics were regarding their religious leader. The yuan qi of Heaven and Earth also began swirling and rotating around him.

Lu Zhaoge, a legend.

A legend that had created countless stories and fables.

There were countless versions about Lu Zhaoge's appearance and manner. Some people said he was as muscular and as strong as a Heavenly God, some people said he was as elegant as jade, a dainty scholar. Some people said he had three heads and six arms, with the body of a God. Some even said he was a peerless beautiful woman…

But in truth, he was only a very common and normal old man.

Coarse woven robes, ash grey white hair. He was not tall, his back somewhat bent with a common looking face.

This was Lu Zhaoge.

But it was such a face, that when he stood in front of Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen in the air, he was like a mountain that could never be toppled. He gave off an indescribable sense of safety.

The Yan Buhui who's qi surged throughout the skies, could not help but remain silent the moment he saw Lu Zhaoge.

When the sigh resounded throughout Heaven and Earth, it seemed to have made everyone immerse themselves into sorrow and regret. There was a power that affected everyone’s emotions. It caused this slice of the world to remain silent for a brief moment.

The pupils of Lu Zhaoge were like the deep ocean. It had a power that sucked one's souls in, flickering with an old and wise light.

"Why must you come?" Looking at Yan Buhui, Lu Zhaoge let out another long sigh.

Yan Buhui suddenly fiercely broke out of his daze, his mouth curling into a cold smile. "What do you think? Hahaha, of course I came… to kill you.” "You should not have come," Lu Zhaoge said calmly. "You have only come here to die." "Haha, using such a tone, could I understand it as that you are worried about me?" Yan Buhui began laughing in disdain. "A month ago, the person who had painstakingly planned to kill me was you. And today, the person that tells me I should not have come is you. Old man Lu, after so many years are so passed, you are still so hypocritical. You're so pitifully artificial.”

As these words were said, there were faces of rage on the top level experts of Liu Siufeng, Peng Yizhen and the others.

There had never been anyone who dared to be so disrespectful towards the deity of Youyan Pass.

But Lu Zhaoge's expression did not have any major change. "You should know that the only reason you were able to escape from the assassination last time was because I showed mercy."

Before he had finished.

The expressions of everyone transformed.

What?

Lord Lu… had showed mercy in the last encounter?

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu's heart was surprised at hearing these words.

The painstaking plan that the army had spent countless days planning, expending the efforts of countless people, had been created so that they could kill Yan Buhui in one strike. But for Lu Zhaoge to personally admit that the reason the plan failed last time was not because a problem had occurred within the plan itself. It was only him, the person that was supposed to complete the mission, had showed mercy at the crucial moment…

This was completely somewhat ridiculous.

If this matter was placed on the body of anyone else, there would instantly be an accusation of a traitor of the country placed on them. An accusation that they could never overturn.

But after all, the person who said these words was Lu Zhaoge.

Although the facial expressions of everyone changed, there would absolutely be no one who would say anything.

Since Lu Zhaoge had the confidence to say these words, he utterly was not afraid that someone would utilize this matter to target him.

"Hmph, really? Showed mercy?" Yan Buhui sneered. "The cold-blooded you, weren't you always known for caring about the greater good? Only by killing me, could the greater good benefit. Then why did you show mercy? What, are you feeling guilty?"

Hearing these words, the face of Lu Zhaoge that had remained calm, finally showed a trace of suffering that flashed by.

He had evidently remembered something.

"That's right, it's guilt," Lu Zhaoge nodded his head, honestly admitting. "The matters that happened in the past, perhaps I really was the one who was wrong."

Yan Buhui was somewhat taken aback after hearing these words.

The expression of this villain of the generation seemed to soften somewhat. But immediately, it was replaced by a chilling and sinister colour. He madly chuckled, "Hahaha, really? Perhaps… although, you've added the words 'perhaps', but at least it sounds like something a human would say. But saying these words today, do you not feel like it is too late? When A'Heng had died, what did you say then? What's the use of saying such words now? Even until today, I still remember your cold-blooded face. At that time, I swore, even if I expended my entire life, I would kill you…”

There was a hatred that was buried deeply into his marrows exhibited through these words.

Even though they were very far apart, but Ye Qingyu could sense the rage and despair within Yan Buhui's heart.

Just what had happened in the past?

The story of Yan Buhui seemed to be even more intricate and mysterious than what Mister Liu had described.

Could it be that Lu Zhaoge had wronged Yan Buhui in the past somehow?

Ye Qingyu could sense the incongruencies, but he was still completely clueless.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 195:


Chapter 196 - Have you seen my little bear?

After Yan Buhui had finished saying such words, he did not say anything more.

He originally had a cold stance high up in the air, distantly surveying the entire mortal world. But he could not maintain this posture any longer. This cold posture transformed into an unsuppressed rage, and the ocean-like demonic qi that completely covered the skies behind his back began violently surging. This roar of yuan qi was like a tsunami, emitting a sound of rage.

It seemed Yan Buhui had decided to act.

"My vast will like the ocean, Sky demon judges the world… Lu Zhaoge, prepare to die!"

The skies filled with hatred transformed into a bellow of rage. In but a moment's time, Yan Buhui consecutively struck out six times.

Demon waves surged over the demonic qi ocean that floated above his head. There were six massive palms that coalesced[1] [2] , crushingly rumbling towards Lu Zhaoge.

Between Heaven and Earth, there was instantly a vortex of turbulent airstreams.

The air currents madly rotated within the air, causing a hurricane to form, as if a vicious dragon was slicing apart Heaven and Earth.

Under the pressure of such a terrifying force, it was as if Youyan Pass was about to be crushed apart by this frightening power.

Previously, when Yan Buhui had acted, he had only used one gigantic demonic qi palm. That was already like the apocalypse. Right now, he instantly used six demonic palms all at once. The power of this could not be imagined. Both Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen were overwhelmed with horror; if they faced such power, wouldn’t they instantly be crushed into pieces?

Previously, Yan Buhui did not even exhibit his true strength.

In this instant, within a thousand meters, countless experts were blown backwards by the residual forces of the hurricane in the air. They found it very difficult to open their eyes, struggling to breathe and could not even emit a single sound.

There was only Lu Zhaoge left that still stood silently in the air alone.

There was a hurricane wind around him, but his robe had never been affected by the wind.

"A power that does not belong to you has no way of ever hurting me." The [War God of Youyan Pass] shook. He slowly lifted his left hand, his fingers slightly bending, as if it was the claw of a divine dragon that slowly extended inch by inch.

This movement looked to be extremely simple.

But Lu Zhaoge's palm was like a claw, and the rhythm in which he extended his hand out was particularly special. Every part of his movement was extremely gradual, as if this hand was causing the entire world to rotate.

It was extremely slow, but also extremely fast.

After stretching out an inch, the palm suddenly fiercely swiped through the air.

"[Scatter]!"

Lu Zhaoge lightly spoke a word into the air.

There was not the slightest energy fluctuation.

But at that moment, the six gigantic demonic qi palms that were only ten meters away from Lu Zhaoge and was about to crush him seemed to be seized by some sort of power and crushed apart. Like an invisible divine wind had blown it apart, this apocalyptic demonic palm dispersed like an illusion in the fog, turning into wisps of smoke with a rumble…

The pressure disappeared between Heaven and Earth.

The hurricane dispersed.

And the six demonic Fiendgod palms were as if they were just an illusion that had disappeared.

Everything returned to normal.

Far off.

"The fourth word of the seven true words?"

From far away, there was a hint of surprise on Yan Buhui's face.

But very quickly, he recovered back to normal. He laughed in an arrogant manner. "Fate comes, fate scatters, fate is water… The seven true words of the [Emotionless Heart Sutra]. For you to have cultivated to the fourth word [Scatter]. Haha, old man Lu, if you want to cut off all your emotions, why don't you just die early, what's the point of living? As long as one is alive, can one truly cut apart their seven emotions and six desires?"

Lu Zhaoge sighed again and shook his head. "One cannot." "Hahaha, so even you know it's impossible." Yan Buhui sneered in disdain. "Since even you know it’s impossible, then your [Emotionless Heart Sutra] will never be cultivated to a perfect state. Your martial way will forever have a flaw. Even if your martial power is peerless, in the end you will suffer the heart demon of your [Emotionless Heart Sutra]. You will fall into hell, eternally suffering." "And what about you?" In the eyes of Lu Zhaoge, there was pity and sorrow. He asked a question instead. "Your [Sky Demon Passion Sutra], can it ever be cultivated to a perfect state? Although you have not cut apart all your emotions, but you have been completely enveloped by hatred. In reality, you have even cut apart your emotions even more fully than me. Only hatred remains from your seven emotions and six desires; how can you have a myriad of emotions?"

Yan Buhui laughed loudly upon hearing this. "Who says I only have hate? Old man Lu, a cold-blooded animal like you will never understand just where does hatred originate from. There are no benefits to talking. Die!"

Before he’d finished.

He took a step forward, the demonic qi around his body surging.

The ocean of demon qi floating behind him, once again began violently bubbling.

This time, what appeared was not a palm conjured from demonic qi. But there was a sky demon figure that was thousands of meters tall conjured. First it was the head, then it was the shoulders and arms, then the torso, ankle, and foot… A time and space demon spirit that seemed to have escaped from the desolate era, this unbelievable towering figure appeared between Heaven and Earth.

This space and time demon spirit was behind Yan Buhui.

Both its legs towered in midair, with mist curling around its abdomen. Its head was nearly higher than the Ninth Heaven.

This was a true gigantic [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit].

It caused one to feel fear just from looking at it.

"Hahaha… although it has been said that being passionate will lead to hate. But those who cut off their emotions are even lower than dogs and pigs. Only dead people can be emotionless. Let's decide the victor, and end everything here today." Yan Buhui's figure, amidst his laughter, slowly floated.

In the blink of an eye, he had soared thousands of meters, coming to the head of the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit].

Then his body gradually retreated backwards, opening up both his arms, a bizarre smile on his face. His person seemed to dissolve into the ice and snow, immersing himself into the head of the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit].

"Hou!"

The originally silent [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] suddenly seemed as if it was alive.

The two red vicious light suddenly emitted from its pupils, like bolts of lightning from a thunderstorm. It pierced through layer after layer of air, directly striking to kill towards Lu Zhaoge, bringing with it a hard to describe killing intent. Death and bloodiness, as if these were two blood spirit arrows that had shot out from hell itself.

The killing strike arrived.

Lu Zhaoge lifted his head to look.

In front of the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit], it was as if everything were ants.

But he did not make the slightest movement.

When these two blood red death lights entered ten meters away from his body, it was suddenly blocked by an invisible energy. The red rays of light scattered everywhere, but ultimately were not able to press forward any longer.

"Let me see just how long you can block this for."

The [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] opened its mouth, but it was Yan Buhui's voice that came out.

This gigantic figure descended, punching out. There were sparks caused in the air through the friction, demonic qi and flames intersecting with each other. Half the sky was engulfed in a calamity, and a punch like a mountain burning with a black flame crushed downwards.

Lu Zhaoge still did not move in the least.

Boom!

This flaming demonic fist came to ten meters before the [War God of Youyan Pass] and was once again blocked by the invisible energy.

This [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] was as if it was a shattered boulder. With a bang it cracked into pieces, the fingers, joints and bone scattering everywhere into the sky.

In this instant, it was unknown whether it was just a mistaken sensation, but everyone including Ye Qingyu felt as if this world was acutely shaking. Everything in their vision was quaking, but there was no energy fluctuation whatsoever… "The turtle shell is really hard… let’s see just how long you can withstand?"

Yan Buhui's voice once again sounded from within the mouth of the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit]

The shattered pieces of the fist spread throughout the air transformed into strand after strand of yuan qi, once again reforming. Unexpectedly, it did not seem to weaken in the least. It was as good as new and once again reattached itself on the arm of the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit].

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] once again punched out.

This time, it was no longer a slow punch.

The fist of the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] was like lightning.

The speed of the punches could not be matched with the gigantic figure of the demon spirit. They were like shadows and mirages. The surrounding experts could not see clearly, just how many punches this massive figure threw.

Then the world in everyone eyes, like it was a painting, began quivering violently, as if this painting could be torn apart at any second.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu stood there dumbfounded at the scene in the sky.

He had already understood, that it was not this world that was shaking. It was also not Lu Zhaoge who was shaking— from the beginning, Lu Zhaoge was as stable as a boulder. Not even a strand of hair of his had been shaken…

The reason that the scene in everyone's eyes was shaking, was because their line of sight had been warped by an invisible energy.

This was an energy fluctuation that came when two great top experts exchanged blows.

It already could not be described as simple energy.

The realms of cultivation of these two great experts had already exceeded the limits and imagination a normal expert could touch.

In a moment, it was unknown just how many punches the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] had thrown out.

Gradually, there were some people who could not see from their eyes anymore. Everything in their line of sight became murky, and there was an acute pain from their eyes, as if it had been stabbed with needles. Those with lower strength had tears streaming down and would most likely not recover without tens of days of rest…

Ye Qingyu also began to feel a sharp pain in his eyes.

He could not help but lower his head, avoiding staring directly at the battle.

At this time, between Heaven and Earth, the voice of Lu Zhaoge resounded— "[Scatter]."

A strange fluctuation flashed by.

Then one could see the fist of the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] that was madly swinging, inexplicably disperse like a hurricane blowing apart the mists. Then it was it arms, its shoulders, its neck, then its head…

This [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] that was thousands of meters tall, like a Fiendgod, was like a sand dune blown apart by the wind. Without sound, it scattered, unable to maintain its form any longer. Strand after strand of demonic qi streamed away like sand, transforming into nothing that disappeared from this world! [Scatter]!

It had really scattered.

This mountain range-like, leviathan-like object had really did according to the word of Lu Zhaoge: it had dispersed like mist or smoke.

From the dispersing demonic qi, there was the bellow of rage of Yan Buhui.

But it seemed like he could not prevent his defeat.

A shocking aura that shook the heavens, a demonic qi that shrouded the skies, a demonic spirit that travelled through time and space, the passionate sky demon power… everything seemed not able to face the calm and unhurried [Scatter].

It was as if the word was a law.

There was no other explanation.

In the blink of an eye, everything had scattered.

Yan Buhui's figure gradually emerged from the demon qi cloud that was currently disappearing.

"A power that does not belong to you, does not belong to you in the end. Therefore, you are not my opponent." Lu Zhaoge looked at the figure of Yan Buhui that gradually appeared from the demonic qi mist, and said lightly, "The way that you do things may be mad, but it is rarely impetuous and rash. This time, to come to Youyan Pass of your own initiative to challenge me, apart from borrowing a power that does not belong to you, what other cards have you hidden up your sleeve?"

Yan Buhui remained silent and did not speak.

"The matters of the past, let us conclude it today." Lu Zhaoge deeply breathed in a breath. Even until now, his emotions had only been shaken by a tiny amount. "Today, you cannot escape. Why don't you surrender, I guarantee I will not kill you." "Not kill me?" Yan Buhui laughed in a mocking manner. "Are you going to do what you have done to me before, imprisoning me? Making my life not worth living anymore?" "At least this way, you can save your life," Lu Zhaoge said seriously. "Although you have hatred, but you have walked the wrong path. Last time, I heavily injured you, and thought that you would at least need to recover for three years, and would disappear for a period of time. Who would have thought… This time, I cannot allow you to return and give succor to the enemy anymore." "Really?" Yan Buhui suddenly let out a strange smile.

And at nearly the same moment, an abnormal change occurred.

A melodious but cold voice like ice sounded slightly in the ears of everyone. It seemed to be a young girl that had lost her pet, and was currently anxiously asking— "Have you seen my little bear?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 196:


Chapter 197 - Another person

“Have you seen my little bear?”

In the moment that the voice of this girl sounded, Yan Buhui's mad laughter had risen to an extreme point.

It gave off an extremely conflicting sensation.

In the previous battle, the defensive formations of Youyan Pass, as well as the formation power of the structures in the air had already been activated. The power of the army was soundlessly running in the background. In truth, they had already completely sealed away everything in the surroundings, to prevent Yan Buhui and his demon warriors from escaping. At the same time, they confirmed the aura and identity of everyone in the Demon Race. The qi of all sorts of top level experts had already locked on to all the titled demon warriors…

One could be sure that within the air, apart from the tens of titled demon warriors beside Yan Buhui who were lucky enough to survive, there were no other experts from the Demon Race present.

Just what kind of person was Lu Zhaoge. The moment he appeared, his consciousness had already sensed and scouted his entire environment.

He had not managed to find anything suspicious.

But right now, there was suddenly an icy cold voice of a girl that sounded out in the ears of everyone.

Inexplicable!

What was even more inexplicable was that a bizarre change happened in the air the instant the voice sounded.

Boom!

A hundred-meter-tall scarlet red flame bear, appeared without any signs above the head of Lu Zhaoge.

This huge bear was burning with the black flame of hell all around him, and had a somewhat bloated figure. The moment it appeared, it unleashed a roar of rage, its voice spreading out like a huge cannon throughout the air. A type of darkness, despair, death, and fearful aura began madly spreading.

But what was extremely peculiar was that the appearance of this huge bear was not sinister, but conversely a little bit cute.

All of a sudden, this unforeseen event had exceeded everyone's imagination.

It also exceeded the reaction of everyone.

Including Lu Zhaoge.

Just what kind of strength did this [War God of Youyan Pass] possess. The [Emotionless Heart Sutra] had already been cultivated to the fourth word. Just by opening his mouth, it was enough to destroy the [Space Time Sky Demon Spirit] of Yan Buhui. He was like a heavenly person, but even with his cultivation he could not react at the first moment.

Therefore, this huge swollen flame bear that was bellowing with rage was sitting atop his head right now.

Boom!

A scarlet red flame exploded.

An mysterious invisible energy began surging and throbbing.

The invisible energy that blocked all attacks ten meters away from Lu Zhaoge, finally seemed not able to block the appearance of the huge flame bear.

And what was even more frightening was that after Lu Zhaoge had withstood the first wave of attack of the mysterious explosion of the flaming bear, it was like he had been fossilized. He stood dumbly within the air, not able to perform any effective reaction or counterattack.

And the Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen who were not far from him were also evidently affected by a similar strike. They were also as if they were fossilized.

"Hahahahaha…” Yan Buhui cackled madly, his figure transforming into a ray of light that instantly appeared before Lu Zhaoge.

He had evidently prepared beforehand. A bizarre jade bone dagger floated above his palm like the fang from a wolf. When he activated it, a strange cold glimmer flashed by, its sharp aura even caused this world to shiver.

At the same time.

A dainty tiny figure appeared ten meters before Lu Zhaoge.

It was as if she was a spirit. There was no one who saw just how she had appeared.

A fiery red dress, somewhat large for her, short sleeved, exposing her white mutton fat-like little arms. Her fingers very delicate, extremely elegant. A black flame that was moving like a little spirit was held in her dainty jade-like little hands. Her fiery red battle boots were burning with a flame and she had pretty red hair, the colour of fresh blood, that nearly fell to the bottom of her feet, which moved freely amongst the flames…

It was as if she was a little fairy that had been born from the flame.

She had peerless delicate facial features. And under the dim red shine of the flames, her white and perfect skin had a charm that caused one’s heart to beat quicker. Especially her pair of strange and large eyes, there was the innocence and pureness of the eyes of a fairy in the legends. Her pupils were a peculiar dim red, further adding to her nobleness and mysterious aura.

There was a terrifying black flame burning all around her.

But her expression had a coldness that caused one to shiver in ones bones.

This was an iciness that came from her very bone marrow. Indifferent to everything. She did not fear any gods; she was not afraid of any devils. There was not any trace of any emotions within her. In her calm and cold expression there was a shred of loathing, as if she loathed everything in the entire world. It was as if she only needed one glance, and she could freeze one’s soul.

A powerful and violent power of the flames of darkness enveloped her dainty little body.

This power and aura was even far stronger than the aura Yan Buhui had shown when he had brought out the [Sky Demon sutra: Space Time Sky Demon Spirit].

It was really hard to believe that such an unbelievable power was held within such a dainty body.

She lifted her hand.

In her palm that was as dainty as jade, a dim red flame suddenly transformed into a huge fire dragon that struck out, heading crushingly towards the Lu Zhaoge who was still in a fossilized state.

The other hand faintly moved.

The huge flaming bear in the air, as if it was a puppet being controlled by strings, followed along with her will, attacking and bellowing.

She was the controller of the huge flame bear.

Have you seen my little bear?

Right now, everyone saw her little bear.[1]

Everything happened in a spark of a flint.

This move completely exceeded the limits of reactions of all the top experts.

Apart from the Yan Buhui who had long made his preparations, and this mysterious fire spirit little girl.

They instantly exploded out with the strongest and most terrifying force, in the first instant striking on the body of the god of [Youyan army], Lu Zhaoge…

Fresh blood, jetted out from the body of Lu Zhaoge.

These flames were like maggots wriggling into the bones that headed through the mouth, nose, apertures, the wounds on his body, frantically entering into his body.

Yan Buhui was madly laughing.

The white bone dagger in his hands was completely dyed in fresh blood.

He could be sure that this time he had truly heavily injured Lu Zhaoge.

He was even more sure that the power of darkness that came from the Unmoving City of Darkness would definitely strike a fatal blow to Lu Zhaoge.

Only after approximately one breath later did the Lu Zhaoge, who remained in a fossilized state, react.

The [War God of Youyan Pass] that was as strong as a Heavenly god, let out a bellow of rage. A vast and immense power suddenly exploded from him. Even though all his senses were enveloped by the flames of darkness, but he still made the most accurate counterattack. A palm striking out, it hit squarely against the abdomen of the huge flame bear…

Boom!

This massive flame bear instantly exploded into pieces, fire scattering everywhere in the skies.

This fearful flame bear, exploded directly by this one strike… "The bloodline of darkness? This is the power of the Unmoving City of Darkness…" There was a slight surprise in Lu Zhaoge's words, but he did not seem to be all that panicked or that angry. Burning within the flames of darkness, he asked loudly, "Just what venerable expert of the Unmoving City of Darkness has descended? Why have you interfered in the battle between the Demon Race and the Human Race?"

No one replied.

The little girl that was like a spirit from darkness and flames only frowned a little, beckoning with her hands slightly in the air.

The shattered flames of darkness were like swallows returning to their nest, coming back to her hands. With a bang, and a flicker of the flames, it transformed into a cute little white toy bear. The little girl intimately stroked the little bear, her cheek rubbing against it. In the instant that she hugged the little toy bear, there was a shred of warmth that flashed by in her pure icy eyes that seemed as if it loathed the entire world.

It was as if this little white toy bear was her closest family.

Opposite.

"Fate comes, fate scatters, fate is water… [Scatter]!"

The fourth word of the seven true words of Lu Zhaoge.

It was as if the word was law.

When these words were said, all the flames of darkness on his body entirely disappeared.

His figure could once again be seen.

The coarse robe on his body was somewhat blackened and there was the dense smell of smoke and fire. His hair and beard was somewhat burnt, but from top to bottom, he did not seem to be a person who had been burnt by the true flames of darkness. Even his eyes were exceedingly relaxed. There was a wound on his waist, and there was a red light on his face that constantly flickered that could barely be seen. Tens of breaths later, it slowly disappeared…

Evidently, there was a strange power within his body that he had forcibly suppressed.

It was only until then that the people apart from the three great experts reacted.

Apart from the Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen that gradually recovered from their fossilized state— these two did not even know just what had happened in that single instant.

……

On the ground.

The instant upon hearing that voice, his body began fiercely quivering and shaking.

It was far too familiar.

This voice, had become far more icy and cold. But he could still be sure that it was the voice of the little loli, Song Xiaojun.

But, when the huge flame bear had appeared, when it had sat upon the head of Lu Zhaoge, the excitement from Ye Qingyu's heart was as if it had been doused with a bucket of ice water. It caused his entire body to go icy cold.

The worst possible event had occurred.

Why had the Unmoving City of Darkness joined forces with Yan Buhui?

Ye Qingyu could not think this through no matter what.

But he knew that the problem was great.

With the [War God of Youyan Pass] standing by, no one can escape from Youyan Pass. Even Yan Buhui could not do so. The little loli being in such a situation was no different from going to her death.

In that instant, countless thoughts flickered in Ye Qingyu's consciousness.

He was thinking about what he should do.

But when the figure of the little loli finally and ultimately appeared within the skies, Ye Qingyu's heart suddenly settled down.

He was extremely clear on one matter.

No matter what had happened, he would definitely protect her.

Even if he had to bear the accusations from the entire world and acquire the title of traitor to the Empire, he had to protect her.

Lifting his face towards the skies, staring silently towards the little girl that was enveloped in the powerful and violent flames of darkness, Ye Qingyu could already be sure that Song Xiaojun had already accepted the power of the bloodline of darkness. She had utterly turned into a different person.

She wore a scarlet red dress and battle boots, having a strange costume and appearance. She seemed a little larger than the little loli in the past, becoming more and more beautiful. She seemed extremely like the girl in the past, but also at the same time, she was completely different.

The little loli that was clumsy and loud, right now was as silent and as cold as a blossoming flame on an ice mountain.

"The her right now should have already forgotten all her previous memories. She had forgotten the time spent in White Deer Academy, she had forgotten me…" Ye Qingyu sighed in his heart.

Without knowing why, the moment he saw Song Xiaojun, Ye Qingyu's heart was unprecedentedly calm.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

