Chapter 349:


Chapter 350 - Young Experts

Not one of these people was not a celebrity of the imperial capital, their status and identity were also considerably notable, and of which there were one or two that were ranked on the [Heavenly Officer List]. It was clear that the two elderly men were really doing their best and putting a lot of effort to help Ye Qingyu blend into the environment of the imperial capital.

Ye Qingyu carefully made friends.

He had been very busy these past two days.

Ye Qingyu was deeply stressed out; he was not used to these social events, but he felt ill-mannered if he declined the kind intentions of these two elderly men.

Just that the result was not as good as what the two elderly expected.

Although the two treated Ye Qingyu as an equal and was stunned by Ye Qingyu’s monstrous talent. But their old friends did not know as much as them. After finding out that Ye Qingyu was only a third class military Marquis, and he also came from a common background, they did not have too great an intention to make friends with him. At the most, they gave him some cursory attention thanks to Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping. Even an idiot could see that their hearts were not in it, and there were very few people that truly placed any importance on Ye Qingyu.

After all, these people have gone through too much.

A third grade Marquis, and things such as a military medal, were hardly enough to make them interested.

The only thing that interests them slightly was Ye Qingyu’s strength, but then again, in the Empire’s Snow Capital, there were far too many famous young experts. A 16-year-old Bitter Sea stage expert was indeed amazing, but with no status or background, he would eventually end up as a thug working for some influential elites?

In Snow Capital, unless your martials arts had reached a state where you could ignore everything, the thing that people would be awed at the most was still official power.

“Their mothers, to think these bastards would be so arrogant in front of brother Ye. I’ve really made the wrong friends,” Dugu Quan grumbled.

Ye Qingyu smiled. “Such is human nature, wait till I earn my status and respect, and won’t have to rely on others. Big brothers’ kindness, I really appreciate it. These things will come slowly.”

“Only Little brother Ye is that open-minded.” Ouyang Buping ridiculed Dugu Quan, “That old fellow is too impatient. He has good intentions, but does bad things.”

Dugu Quan snapped, “Old fool what did you say, as if the wooden sticks that you introduced had a really good attitude to Little Brother Ye... Hey, those guys, their noses were so long that it covers the sky. We all breathe the same air, there will definitely be a day when they will regret this.”

The three people burst into loud laughter.

“Your report at the military headquarters tomorrow, I have arranged everything. Baiyi will show you the way. If the two of us go in, it would cause too much disturbance, it’s not that good,” Dugu Quan said.

Ye Qingyu was touched, exclaiming, “Thank you, elder brothers.”

……

The second day.

The wind was mild and the sun was shining brightly.

After having breakfast at the [Medicine Hut], Lin Baiyi showed Ye Qingyu the way to report at the military headquarters.

They were transported by a dragon fish flying carriage pulled by four white horned beasts. The speed was extremely rapid. After fifteen minutes, and passing by three bridges, they quickly neared the area of the military base with no blockages on their route.

“Ye Shishu, we’re here.”

Lin Baiyi got off the ship, saying respectfully.

Ye Qingyu nodded, then looked up.

A huge green-gold building greeted his eyes, 18 warrior statues a hundred meters high were clasping 18 different weapons, like deities guarding and protecting the giant sword-shaped green-gold building. Even a strong man of over two meters in height, standing here, would feel as small as an ant under a giant’s foot.

An invisible golden chill spread across the air.

The soldiers were armed with spiritual spears, with 10 men in one team and they were all at the profound Spirit spring cultivation level. The formation and alignment of troops were orderly and neat. There were hundreds of patrols marching back and forth on the platform steps, and under the sun the tip of their spear was flashing with a heart-palpitating gleam. Even the patrols posses such powerful strength.

Following the green-gold stone steps that were inscribed with strange rune markings, they climbed up a hundred meters and more than one thousand steps before finally arriving at the foot of the military headquarters.

The 18 warrior statues that surrounded the building were all looking down, the expressions realistic and lifelike, ferocious and chilling, and the body was tremendous. In pace with the movements of footsteps, and because the angle of view was different, the statues expressions seemed to be changing, as though they had come to life. A faint-hearted person would be terrified to the point of wetting their pants.

Ye Qingyu vaguely sensed that there was a terrifying wave of energy inside of the deity statues.

“Could it be a legendary war deity puppet?”

Ye Qingyu guessed to himself.

They came to the entrance of the building, where several heavily armoured, high cultivation level guards stood.

After the relevant documents were checked, Lin Baiyi led Ye Qingyu into the building.

A surging energy, like the ocean, was coming from straight ahead.

Throughout the building, there were numerous inscriptions of rune formations, and although hidden with special techniques and were not seen, when one’s cultivation reaches a certain extent, they could clearly be felt.

The lobby on the first floor of the building was so wide that the edges were not seen.

The hundreds of giant silver pillars were smooth and glossy. There were more than 500 female soldiers in tight armour, which were the controllers for the rune formation transportation that transports to different floors of the building. Every one of them had a pleasing form and were of the Spirit spring cultivation level. They had a faint smile on their face while accepting the requests of different people. The people coming in and out of here were mostly soldiers, which could be clearly identified at a glance from their manners.

The formation flickered from time to time, transporting different people to different places.

The floor that Ye Qingyu needed to report to was the 55th floor, which belongs to the reception hall for senior military officers with military achievements. After a simple consultation, he entered a transportation formation. The light flashed, like he was shuttling through time and space. The view in front instantly changed, the first floor lobby turned to the 55th floor of the building.

What caught his eye was the grey brick walls, which, when compared to the magnificent first floor lobby, seemed cold and cheerless.

In the first moments, there was a stern-looking soldier coming over to check the identity of Ye Qingyu and Lin Baiyi, and after learning their purpose for coming here, Ye Qingyu was led down the right corridor by a soldier. Because Lin Baiyi was not a person of the military, he was led to a temporary resting area.

Ye Qingyu was deeply curious, constantly glancing around.

The people that appeared on this floor were basically all armour-clad and weapon-bearing, their combat boots whacking against the floor echoed across the room, as though an army was marching forward. He occasionally met one or two people that were dressed in casual clothing, but within their body was an overbearing yuan qi. Evidently, they were an expert of a high cultivation level.

The hue of the entire floor was monotonous and ice-cold, like a training field.

The soldier that led the way for Ye Qingyu had a grave and stern complexion, and said not a single word.

After a while, a hall came into sight. The soldier made a gesture of invitation and waited until Ye Qingyu walked in before leaving.

Another soldier received Ye Qingyu and asked his reason for reporting here. Only when he knew of the reason did the cold and stern expression on his face ease a little. Next was the process of reporting for duty, which was slightly cumbersome. He had to successively go through several procedures, identity verifications, and there was an up to half an hour of inquiry. Ye Qingyu’s military record had arrived long ago, and after his answers were compared to his record. After the final confirmation, Ye Qingyu received the schedule and a lapis lazuli rune identity nameplate.

“Huh? Stay in the military headquarters building for the next one month?”

When Ye Qingyu saw this arrangement, he was slightly taken aback.

The schedule was very packed, and he was not allowed to go back to prepare. From now on, for one month, he was absolutely not allowed to leave the military building to undergo a number of special training. On one hand, it was to allow the soldiers that come from different armies and regions to adapt to the new rules of the military headquarters, and on the other hand, it was to elevate the strength of everyone and teach them some martial arts secret skills of the military.

“With such an arrangement, it seems I won’t be leaving anytime soon.”

Ye Qingyu had no objection.

With permission, he returned to the temporary resting area, greeted Lin Baiyu, told him to pass some words onto Ximen Yeshui, Mother Wu and others, and then the two people temporarily separated. Lin Baiyi reminded him about some things and turned back.

Ye Qingyu brought the lapis lazuli identity nameplate to the 55th floor military material department, received two sets of armour, selected some weapons, registered, and after seven turns and eight rounds came to his temporary residence for the coming one month.

The residence area was also on the 55th floor.

This was an extremely spacious hall, sufficient to accommodate thousands of people. Inside was a variety of equipment and facilities used for refining and battling. There were all sorts of strange and unusual things, biting-cold and ferocious, and each one was made by a formation smith. Even a top expert of the Spirit spring stage cannot destroy these equipment, weapons and the arena.

On both sides of the hall were two dorm rooms.

In each room were twenty stone beds and some simple necessities, and at the end of the room, there was a narrow road connected to the latrines and other rooms. There was a huge rune formation heated pubic bath with medicinal properties. Although the layout was simple, everything could be found here.

This was where Ye Qingyu was going to live for the next one month.

And before Ye Qingyu, someone else had already arrived.

Bang bang bang!

Someone was using a strange equipment, making a muffled sound, and then the huge instrument was spinning like a fan, rapidly with sounds like a thunderstorm.

It was a young officer.

His age did not exceed 20 years old.

Long blazing red hair, and unusually striking.

In addition, there were more than 10 equally young teenagers, someone was wearing battle armour, someone was wearing a black iron mask, someone was training with the equipments, or doing some of the most peculiar refining action by themselves. There were people in the arena practicing against each other, and with the yuan qi suppressed, they simply fought with their hands…

These youngsters, every one of them was extremely strong, their aura was fierce to the extreme, and although not deliberately emitted, there was still an intense murderous spirit exhibiting from the body of the youngsters.

Every one of them was very strong.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 350:


Chapter 351 - Training Camp

Ye Qingyu understood.

These youngsters should be the young elites and masters selected from the army corps that Dugu Quan mentioned?

The moment Ye Qingyu walked into the hall, he felt a powerful repressive force.

The mysterious formation found all over the metal walls across the hall could greatly compress the yuan qi of a martial artist. Under such an environment, the strength of yuan qi will be compressed to roughly a third of the normal level, and the gravity rune formation above the ground raised the gravity of the hall by about 10 times. If an average person entered here, they would most likely be crushed to death by their own body weight.

In addition to gravity, there were other kinds of strange forces filling the room.

“It seems that the formations densely covering these walls were definitely created by the hands of a real martial arts master, and almost simulate the the force of the Heaven and Earth. To train under such an environment is really too harsh and demanding. It is likely that only the most determined people would be able to barely succeed?”

This was a training camp for high level Spirit spring experts.

Ye Qingyu instantly made such a judgment.

A dozen pair of eyes were instantly cast upon Ye Qingyu as he entered.

Some of the young experts, while training, were studying Ye Qingyu, their gaze cold and picky, like they were choosing goods, and with an undisguised intent to battle him.

“Wow, another one!”

Someone whistled.

The young man with long fiery red hair also stopped what he was doing.

He grasped the weapon that was spinning wildly, and looking at it again not that it was stationary, it was an electric fan-like spiritual weapon formed from ten giant sharp swords. This young man’s way of training was to constantly strike at a formation target through this crazily spinning fan. This required immense strength, eyesight and courage to achieve the unity of the mind and body, because if the punches were slightly slower, his arm would be twisted in the blade fan.

This was a Spirit level blade, if one’s strength was a little lower, their arm would be chopped off on the spot.

“Hey, do you want to come and try it?”

The red-haired young man pointed to Ye Qingyu, between his forehead was full of provocative intent.

Ye Qingyu ignored him.

He slowly adapted to the chaotic state and the environment of the training camp. While constantly glancing around, he came to the hall on the left side of the room, walked in, and saw a few people that were sitting crossed legged on stone beds harmonizing their breathing and fluctuating their qi, next to them were more than 10 empty stone beds.

Ye Qingyu casually chose a stone bed and was about sit down, when suddenly——

Bang!

The wind raged furiously.

On the opposite bed was a teenager sitting cross-legged, clad in a black combat outfit with his hair loose. His eyes suddenly shot open, punching out, directly forming a transparent fist seal in the air. His five fingers were clearly visible, bringing a fierce qi similar to swords and blades, coming straight for the front of Ye Qingyu’s face.

Ye Qingyu swiftly sidestepped to one side, avoiding the fist seal.

The blue fist seal exploded when it slammed into the metal wall behind, making a huge thud.

“That bed is mine. You, roll aside,” the black-robed teenager said coldly.

Ye Qingyu indifferently got up, shrugged his shoulders, and sat on another bed.

He was not afraid of this black-robed teenager, but he just felt that before he has a clear understanding of the situation here, there was no need to get into a fight with people. Moreover the reason Ye Qingyu came here was to enhance his strength, he did not want to attract too much attention.

“Hah, terrified thing.”

A scornful voice came from the doorway.

A youngster more than two meters in height, body hair thick like a bear, his arms folded in front of his chest, was looking at Ye Qingyu and sneering, his copper-like eyes were full of disdain.

“Thought they would fight, who knew a terrified bun came, so boring.” Behind the giant youngster was a lazy-looking handsome teenager with pale yellow hair, yawning, poking his head out to take a look and boredly retreated back inside.

The several young experts that were standing at the door watching the scene also started to disperse.

But the people’s gaze revealed more of a contempt when looking at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu pretended as though he did not see this.

He sat by the bedside, carefully examining the surrounding environment, stretched out his hand and pressed on the metal wall of the bedside, feeling the surging force of formation in the walls, he roughly had an understanding of the level of energy here.

Through this, he counted the numbers carefully.

Including himself, the training camp currently had a total of 18 people. If Dugu Quan is not wrong, then that means there are two people that had not yet come to report to the military. In this group of 20 people, he was considered as already one of the people that reported relatively late.

Coming out into the hall and casually getting familiar with the variety of cultivation equipment, Ye Qingyu quickly discovered that these weapons and equipment were designed and made by some very talented people. To him, these were of no use because since his trip to the [Formation Sovereign] temporary imperial residence and the refining of his body by the thunder and lightning, Ye Qingyu’s level of strength was comparable to many high level Bitter Sea stage experts and was far beyond that of the young experts of the same age or same cultivation level. These equipment were not up to his cultivation needs.

Bored, Ye Qingyu left the training camp, taking a stroll around the 55th floor.

From the outside, it could be imagined how enormous the inside of the military building was, but in the inside, one would still be shocked by its scale. The lapis lazuli paved corridor was like a cobweb, and training camps and a variety of business office areas were everywhere. Ye Qingyu was almost lost inside. He roughly estimated that the entire 55th floor area was over one thousand acres. This was too inexplicable.

His consciousness expanded.

Ye Qingyu instantaneously discovered that there were dozens of overbearing auras present in the building, just like a sky fire pillar in the darkness. There was evident display and fluctuation of their spirits, only to be seen from a Bitter Sea stage expert of profound cultivation.

One of them was on the 55th floor.

Ye Qingyu felt a chill running down his spine.

The military headquarters buildin was indeed a land of hidden dragons and crouching tigers, not to be underestimated.

Fortunately, when he came to report this time, he did not take the troublemaker silly dog Little Nine. Otherwise, with his temper, it was likely that before a few days had past, the whole military building would have been turned upside down. And if the top experts of the military was angered, it may really be quite troublesome.

Thinking of this, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt a tinge of regret that he did not tell Lin Baiyi to closely watch the silly dog and not let this guy run around in the imperial capital.

Wandering around by himself, he was eventually bored.

Returning back to the training camp, Ye Qingyu sat crossed-legged on his bed and began to cultivate using the nameless breathing technique, harmonizing his breathing and transporting qi.

Now, the most important thing was to make use of the time and thoroughly liquefy the yuan qi in his body, to really grasp the power of the Bitter Sea stage.

While operating the nameless breathing technique, Ye Qingyu once again felt the majestic energy of the Bitter Sea stage flowing endlessly toward himself, which was exactly the same as when he was training at the [Medicine Hut] before. He felt as though his entire body was soaked in an ocean of yuan qi.

“It doesn’t seem to be because of the special location of the [Medicine Hut], regardless whether it’s the [Medicine Hut] or the military headquarters building, it is the same...”

Ye Qingyu thought.

What was the reason for the effectiveness of the nameless breathing technique, to increase so many times in the Snow Capital?

He had tried several techniques before to cultivate qi, and the result was that the other methods did not produce such a change, only the nameless breathing technique had such an effect.

He remained puzzled after pondering over this a hundred times.

Ye Qingyu finally gave up thinking about the strange phenomenon.

In any case, the change was beneficial to him.

For the whole night, Ye Qingyu spent his time transporting qi and harmonizing his breathing.

It was the first time Ye Qingyu shared a room with so many people. While training, he could not help being on the alert for the changes in the surrounding environment, and also quietly setup a formation at his bedside.

Most of the young experts were also evidently very uncomfortable with the resting environment.

Outside the training hall, some people had not slept all night to practice. The booming noises never stopped.

The second day, a middle-aged military officer along with twenty soldiers brought them their breakfast -----meat of Spirit beasts that had been prepared with Spirit herbs and Origin crystal liquid wine prepared against a certain percentage. There were also all sorts of food that were rich in yuan qi. The richness of this feast made Ye Qingyu somewhat shocked.

The other young experts that came earlier had become accustomed to the unusual arrangement, and grabbed every item of food and guzzled it down.

The amount of food they were given, even a pig would be able to cultivate yuan qi after one month?

The military headquarters was really generous.

Although Ye Qingyu was shocked, he immediately began eating.

There were some youths that had even begun fighting over the Origin crystal liquid. The officer to the side had evidently seen this far too many times. He brought the soldiers outside the great hall, and looked on interestingly. Evidently he had silently permitted such fights to occur.

From having to fight over food with Little Nine, Ye Qingyu had developed a skill of showing a motionless expression while snatching food. He obviously snatched off a lot of good things, without arousing other people’s attention.

When breakfast was over, it was the time of leisurely training.

The military had not sent over an instructor yet.

Lunch was even more fabulous than breakfast. Apart from all sorts of cultivating resources, they had also distributed a hundred [Mysterious Heaven Pellets] as well as two pounds of Origin crystal. This caused everyone to bitterly fight over this, resulting in an explosive environment. When the chaotic fight reached its end, no one paid any attention just who was the person who had stolen the two pounds of Origin crystal away.

In the evening, there was unexpected news.

The two youngsters that did not come to the military building to report, would never come——On their way to the Imperial Snow Capital, they ran into enemies and were killed.

This news made Ye Qingyu extremely shocked.

He did not expect that such a thing would happen.

These young experts were the genius talents selected from the millions of the empire. Logically speaking, it should be the empire that should be giving them protection, and the average experts of the sect would never risk angering the empire to kill such a candidate.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 351:


Chapter 352 - The Dragon Fist Secret Technique

There were people that dared to attack and kill the young experts selected by the empire, are they trying to throw the empire into disorder?

Ye Qingyu remembered that along his way here, he saw those deserted and chaotic small towns. The empire’s law was being trampled on, poor people’s lives becoming increasingly challenging, the aristocracy expanding, martial artists willingly killing, bandits everywhere, large tracts of abandoned farmland, and people of the sect not respecting the law...

Currently, the Snow Country, on the surface, still looks extremely bright. It seemed as if they were an empire that occupied a dominant position in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, flourishing as before, and attracted the envy of the Demon Race and the other races, but in reality?

Ye Qingyu felt that, after the almost one hundred years of peacefulness since the founding of the empire, many parts of the empire have begun to decay, but many people had not yet realized it.

After announcing the absence of the last two places, the training camp was about to officially begin.

After a boring night, in the early morning of the second day, before breakfast, several important figures of the military have come to the training camp. After the first two days, Ye Qingyu had come to know one or two of them. There were a first grade Marquis, Wang Yu, a first grade military Marquis, Zheng Yunfei, a second grade Marquis, Xia Lei, as well as a hereditary Marquis, Fang Cun.

These were the most illustrious existences of the empire. In addition to being in charge of the military department, they were also responsible for the ordinary affairs of the military, especially the Marquis with a long sword hanging at his waist, Fang Cun. It is said that he was born in an aristocratic family, which is related to the Imperial family. There is royal blood flowing in his body, and he had fought across the empire at a young age, earned many military achievements and was now the head of the military staff department. Although he inherited the noble title and was not earned through military achievements, he still had a very high prestige in the military.

And these three military Marquis evidently was headed by Fang Cun.

The talk from these few big shots was very simple, having the special characteristics and unique style of a military-born commander, concise and sharp. But the content of the lecture was somewhat flat, and only roughly stated that both the military and the royal family were very optimistic about these young experts and in the following one month, the empire will invest a lot of financial and material resources to cultivate them...

As for one month later, what paths the 18 people would take were not mentioned.

Then they were introduced to a few instructors.

The one assuming the responsibility of chief military instructor was obviously Fang Cun, but the other important figures were also incredibly busy, and of course would not really guide them. The real guides to the 18 young people were real military masters picked out from the army. A total of four people, each one of them was a military expert that had already entered the Bitter Sea stage.

After his observation, Ye Qingyu was sure that these four military Marquis were of the first stage of the Bitter Sea stage, roughly the same level as himself, at the creek of the Bitter Sea, but their degree of body refining was also far below him. Everyone had a grave and stern look on their face, like cast iron, serious in speech and manner, and from their face there was not the slightest emotion or colour, like a statue.

Although Ye Qingyu had great respect for the experts of the army, he did not think that these four soldiers were strong enough to teach him.

The only place that this camp was attractive to him was the supply of meals high in yuan qi and Origin crystals every day, and the opportunity to learn about the operation and state of the empire.

Having figured this out, Ye Qingyu did not hold too much expectations for the training sessions.

After the few military figures had left, the training officially began.

The first class was taught by one of the four instructors, a burly, ape-like middle-aged man.

“Your strength and military accomplishment, the military has a record. I also know very clearly, so the following training is a program that twenty-one senior staffs of the military spent one month to develop and drawn up. For this training, the Empire had used a large number of precious cultivation resources, spent countless people’s painstaking efforts, therefore you must succeed without fail. So I hope that you will be able to strictly follow these training programs as a soldier.”

“My name is Bao Shinu, if you have any problem wait until the training is over, and then report to me,” the ape like-aged man shouted angrily.

Training began.

Bao Shinu’s voice fell, when a white brilliance emerged from his hand, and penetrated into the training camp lapis lazuli wall.

The light flashed and the energy surged.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt his body sinking, the strength of his body suddenly increasing, the air instantly become sticky, and the formation around him flickering. The strength of the rune formation was multiplying rapidly, and every young expert felt as though their body was being tied up, their movements becoming difficult.

“The secret technique that I’m about to teach you is known as the empire’s most mysterious skill of refining the body, the [Dragon Fist]. It is extremely effective in refining the body of a Bitter Sea expert. Back then, only a noble that is a second grade Marquis and above, and had achieved notable military merits was allowed to cultivate [Dragon Fist]. This time, the empire allowing you to practice this technique is a gift from the heavens, you must grasp this opportunity.”

Bao Shinu bellowed, his voice like thunder.

As he spoke, he began to show the gesture and motion of the nine-move [Dragon Fist].

The Human Race of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, revered the number nine. The dragon is the symbol of royalty, so [Dragon Fist] had nine moves.

The expressions of the young experts that were originally full of disdain, at this time, also turned serious.

Even Ye Qingyu was looking earnestly at Bao Shinu’s demonstration.

About the prestige of the [Dragon Fist], Ye Qingyu had once read about in the White Deer Academy library. It is said that this secret technique is one of the lost knowledge of the empire’s royal family and was created by the founder of the Snow Empire, the Snow Emperor. It had its amazing moment for a period of time, known as the first secret technique of refining the body for the experts of the Bitter Sea stage of Heaven Wasteland Domain, and had brought about countless valiant military generals. Only noble Marquis that had achieved notable achievements were qualified to cultivate this technique.

Ye Qingyu also extremely looked forward to learning this fist technique.

But because of his low background, it was impossible for him to obtain the profound meaning of refining the body, so he could only think about it.

Unexpectedly today, in this place, he had the opportunity to learn the [Dragon Fist]. This was really an unexpected surprise.

Not only Ye Qingyu, the other 17 young experts were also shocked, greatly surprised.

This group of 18 young experts had two common characteristics——

Firstly, they were all young and famous.

Secondly, they were all of ordinary birth, not descendants of nobles.

Almost everyone relied on their own efforts and talent, progressing steadily. They had fought in many battles to accumulate a little bit of fame and title, and to achieve the status that they had today.

Of the 18 people, the oldest was just 30 years old.

Judging by the phases of age of a strong martial artist, they all belonged to the juvenile stage.

Perhaps in the border army, they had a prominent reputation.

But at the empire capital, Snow Capital, everything will have to begin anew.

The tiny titles of nobility they had, within the great hall of the military headquarters were not even worth mentioning. As for their martial cultivation they were so proud of, they could not even enter into the [Divine Dragon List], nor even the [Hidden Dragon List].

To be able to have the opportunity to practice [Dragon Fist] with their status and position, every young expert was shocked and extremely excited.

Only that every one of them had experienced too much, they were too mature, to exclaim aloud in public or sigh over and over again, like an ordinary person.

Every one of them took control of their own shock and state of mind, concentrating all their attention on instructor Bao Shinu’s demonstration of the nine moves of [Dragon Fist].

Bai Shinu’s demonstration was very quick, staying in the same place his figure was like an illusion, one into two, two into three, three into nine... Finally nine life-like illusionary images emerged, showing the motion and gesture of the nine moves. The scene displayed a rhythmic movement and pace. The nine images then constantly grew dimmer and dimmer, disappearing like bubbles, and finally only the real body remained.

“The first move.”

After Bao Shinu’s demonstration, he did not stop. He continued to demonstrate the second move.

He demonstrated three times in a row, before he stopped.

At this time, the 18 young experts were quietly standing in their original place. Someone’s eyes gleamed with light, some people stood with their eyes closed in thought, some people moved slightly in accordance with the instructions, as if they had already learnt the [Dragon Fist].

Bao Shinu nodded satisfiedly.

These 18 people can be absolutely regarded as the most exceptional non noble-born military experts of the empire. They were the martial geniuses that had been picked with the power of the Empire, and every one of them had monstrous talent. Although they had already seen the complex [Dragon Fist] three times, they had already begun to understand it.

The [Dragon Fist] secret technique must be coordinated with special breathing technique methods in order to achieve the most perfect effect, but solely the motion and gesture of these nine moves were already extremely difficult to understand. These 18 youngsters, every one of them was vastly terrifying.

“It’s a pity, those two youngsters died on the their way here,” Bao Shinu said regretfully.

The fall of such young geniuses was a great loss for the empire.

He was in deep thought, while his gaze wandered around, sweeping past every youngster’s face and finally falling on Ye Qingyu, when he was slightly taken aback, because Bao Shinu noticed that all the other youngster have begun to imitate the nine-move [Dragon Fist], yet Ye Qingyu was still standing quietly, a calm expression on his face, no joy, no sadness, and not the slightest of action.

Bao Shinu recognized Ye Qingyu.

In fact, he knew every single one of the young experts.

And not only recognize, but was very familiar with the level of strength of each individual, their real military strength, the weapons and skills that they were adept in, as well as personality, age, temper and martial arts talent etc. Bao Shinu knew the information about the youngster so well that he could almost recite it backwards.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 352:


353 - Beheading Wind

Therefore, he also understood Ye Qingyu very well.

In truth, from the documents of these eighteen young experts, Ye Qingyu's cultivation was not the highest, nor was he the youngest. His background was also not the poorest nor was his achievements the greatest. But Ye Qingyu's cultivation techniques were definitely the most mysterious, and his battle records were the most inexplicable.

He was also the person that Bao Shinu was most interested in.

Bao Shinu after all had carefully investigated his history in Ye Qingyu's documents. In truth, there were too many mysteries contained within.

What was the most inexplicable was that from all the information and material the military department had gathered, apart from how his parents had obtained that bronze military badge - this was something that Bao Shinu did not have the power to investigate any further, there were no holes in it whatsoever. Ye Qingyu's background did not have any inconsistencies, and his learning process within White Deer Academy was also something that was well-evidenced. The speed at which his strength increased was unbelievable, it was enough to make one's mouth gape open in surprise.

In the martial alliance meeting at Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu had killed the [Tiger Child] of the Dragon Tiger Sect, Zhao Shanhe, and forced Li Qiushui of the Crepe Myrtle Sect to die. This was a battle achievement that was enough to shake the world. But from the details at that time, Ye Qingyu had been forced to the brink by the two martial experts, and he had only abruptly exploded at the most crucial time…

Therefore, it was not possible for Ye Qingyu to have concealed his cultivation.

The only explanation that could explain this was that there was a great treasure hidden on him.

He had activated this treasure at a crucial time, and relied on its explosive power to turn defeat into victory.

After collating all the stories of Ye Qingyu escaping from the hands of the vicious demon Yan Buhui, Bao Shinu could be sure that Ye Qingyu must have relied on some external power.

But even if so, he still had high expectations for Ye Qingyu.

Despite him relying on external power, but there were many times that external power and treasures were also a part of one's martial strength. This represented that he was someone with fortune and luck, this was something he could not deny.

Therefore, after the self-cultivation lesson had begun, Bao Shinu had always paid attention to Ye Qingyu.

But right now...

"Why is there no movement, could it be he has not comprehended the nine moves of the [Dragon Fist] at all or..."

Bao Shinu's heart was somewhat confused.

But he did not directly ask.

Although his identity was an instructor, Bao Shinu could not be sure what kind of duty these 18 young experts would be given after a month of training. Without question, the future of these youths was great. For instructors such as them, right now, leaving a good impression would perhaps be of use when they needed to rely on these youths in the future.

With such an atmosphere, the lesson of the afternoon quickly ended.

In this entire morning, Bao Shinu had taught the [Dragon Fist] manual. Apart from the nine moves, there were also nine parts to the heart sutra. It could be used with each of the nine actions to improve the effect of refining one's body. All the talents of the young experts were exceptional and their strength great. But even they spent a long amount of time, before they began to grasp it.

When it was time for lunch, Ye Qingyu once again acted in the chaos and obtain two pounds of Origin crystal into his hands.

At that time, he had already largely confirmed the level of these young experts.

The large majority of them were around the eighty Spirit springs stage. They were existences that could break past the barrier of the Spirit spring stage into the Bitter Sea stage at any time. They could be known as half a step in the Bitter Sea stage. But these young experts, all had ambition and determination, and wanted to achieve something greater. They were not satisfied with the foundation of eighty Spirit springs to have when they entered into the Bitter Sea stage, they wanted to excavate even more Spirit springs.

Only the bronze-colored young man with fire red hair they saw at the start, the black-robed young man, that huge beast-like young man and a pale yellow long haired person that seemed tired and yawning all the time, they were different. These four people should have already entered into the Bitter Sea stage. Ye Qingyu could not even tell how many Spirit springs they had before they entered into the Bitter Sea stage.

These four young experts had attracted Ye Qingyu's attention.

But it was only his attention.

Ye Qingyu had the confidence that in a direct battle, he could instantly defeat them.

This was a self-confidence that originated from being a martial expert.

The afternoon lesson was training in weapon techniques.

There was another instructor that handed out weapons to every young expert. Every one of them a Spirit class weapon. It's power was strong, and it was said it was a product of the head of the Weapon formation master in the Imperial Group of Masters. One weapon was worth thousands of gold; it was an elite product amongst elite products.

Everyone received a different weapon.

Ye Qingyu obtained a gigantic beheading great sword, called [Beheading Wind].

This was a huge sword that was shaped extremely weirdly. It was two meters long, with the hilt roughly around half a meter. It was suited for two hands to hold, and the width of the blade itself was about half a meter. It was silver-coloured, and it had not been used. On the two sides of the blade were two channels for blood outlets. There weren’t any sharp points on the blade, and it was in a half oval curve shape. The sword blade was asthick as a palm at the central part but at the edges, it was only as thick as a finger.

If one ignored the sword hilt, this gigantic sword looked like the embryo of a sword that had not undergone any smelting or smithing.

"Such a sword is like heavy steel. It is best used to bash people, but someone called it [Beheading Wind]?"

Ye Qingyu held the gigantic sword, swinging it slightly.

The weight was perfect.

There was a strange sensation as it entered into his hand, as if it was born fit for him.

With the state of Ye Qingyu's fleshly body refinement, he did not need to fluctuate his inner yuan. By solely relying on the power of his fleshly body, he could lift hundreds of thousands of pounds. This heavy sword was roughly ten thousand pounds, a normal martial artist would not even be able to lift it up let alone treat it as a weapon. It was even heavier than the Heavy spear that Ye Qingyu chose, the [Inexorable Spear], by tens of times.

"The military department has really invested this time. This is really too generous. They provide divine herbs, divine medicines as well as Origin crystal for our three meals. Even the weapons are Spirit class weapons..." Ye Qingyu breathed in a breath of cold air, "Not to mention other things, just the extent of expenditure of these eighteen people this entire month, is enough to rival the profits from the Dugu Organization for half a year."

This time, the military department as well as the Imperial family had really invested heavily.

Ye Qingyu had pondered over the ancient characters, [Sole Will of the Heaven and Earth Cauldron], so he also had some skill in the smithing of weapons. He could tell with one glance that the material on the surface of the [Beheading Wind] that was like silver or moonlight, was namely the legendary [Divine Moonlight Steel].

This was an exceedingly rare heavy material for Spirit weapons .According to the tales, a piece of [Divine Moonlight Steel] that was a finger's size weighed several hundred pounds. It was ranked number five in the top ten divine materials. Only a similar weight of Origin crystal could be exchanged for a similar weight of [Divine Moonlight Steel].

As for the other materials of the [Beheading Wind], Ye Qingyu could not tell what it was.

But he could be sure, it was definitely made from extremely precious materials.

Ye Qingyu faintly inserted his yuan qi. The surface of the sword that was originally as smooth as water, suddenly had a layer of frost qi fluctuating on it. There were hundreds of small and large formations activating, as it let out a quick, delighted hum that sounded out clearly from within the Heavy sword.

"Good sword!"

Ye Qingyu could not help but sigh in admiration.

The class of this [Beheading Wind], compared to the [Little Shang sword], was much higher.

With his power at the Stream state of the Bitter Sea stage, he could fully activate its true power.

Ye Qingyu looked at the people beside him.

Every young expert had an expression of drunken happiness. They had evidently obtained a weapon they were extremely satisfied with.

This fire red-coloured, long haired young man had obtained a scarlet red two-headed long spear that was like snow. there were formations contained within that could make it retract or extend. It had an unlimited amount of transformations in his hand, and had extraordinary power. As for that two meter tall muscular young man, he had obtained an incomparably large golden purple thunder hammer. The young man with pale yellow hair had obtained two projectiles that were like jade pieces. It was exceedingly fragile and exquisite, that jumped and flitted about agilely throughout his five fingers. The black-robed young man had obtained a black-coloured sword. There was no need to sheath it at his waist. The black-coloured sword lithely wrapped around him, like a special kind of belt...

Hearing the sighs of admiration of the young experts around him, there was a thought that flashed in Ye Qingyu's mind.

"I understand now. These weapons must be made according to the way they fight, the power of their body and the state of their cultivation. That's why it fits them so well. In other words, the orders of the military department that told me to only report to the Snow Capital after three months must be because they needed to spend every second preparing weapons for us, as well as creating the training programme..."

When the machine of the empire began working, the power and efficiency it worked with was really enough to stun.

Twenty people. That was twenty peak class Spirit weapons. To think it could be created in the short period of three months. In the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, apart from the Snow Empire, even the Three Schools and Three Sects or the Demon Race could not perform such a feat? Although two people had died on their way here, but they must have prepared weapons for them also. It was only that it could not be of use.

Understanding this point, apart from being shocked ,Ye Qingyu could not help but also being confused.

This time, the Empire had invested so heavily in them. Just what was their plan for them?

The greater the investment, the greater the wish for a great return.

Just what kind of matter could these eighteen people including himself do, that it would not waste such an investment?

Ye Qingyu began to feel that this matter was not as simple as it seemed in the beginning.

"These Spirit weapons are approved by the Imperial family of the Empire. It was supervised by the current Crown Prince, and he had personally invited the [Divine Worksmith] Luo Feng to smith it after continuous days of work. It has been created by everyone's preferences as well as cultivation techniques. The Crown Prince has ordered, that as long as everyone is able to pass through the examination of the military department after one month, then the Spirit weapons in your hands will always belong to you,” the Instructor shouted loudly.

The faint sounds of cheers rang out.

Since the ancient heroes had loved beauties, but heros loved divine weapons even more.

A good horse fitted a good whip. A weapon that fitted a person would absolutely increase the battle power of a martial expert's strength by a great extent. In a battle between experts, even a small increase of battle power, was decisive.

"Our thanks to his highness, the Crown Prince."

Everyone shouted.

"Thank you Crown Prince."

The young experts all expressed their gratitude loudly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

