Chapter 373:


Chapter 374 - The Two River Gang of the Imperial Capital

Ye Qingyu stood silently basking in the first rays of the morning sun.

Bai Yuanxing slowly stretched his body. His every movement was very simple, but exuded a sense of rhythm, like a beautiful dance. This was the ordinary moves of the [Heavenly Blind Dao]. This cultivation technique used the fists and feet, and paid particular attention to the physical strength of the body. This does not mean relying on brute force to win, nor sheer force to oppress others, but replacing the eyes with fists and feet.

Bai Yuanxing’s current performance evidently showed that he had understood the essence of the cultivation technique.

[Heavenly Blind Dao] places emphasis on the refining of the body, but not only in the cultivation of strength. It also focused on the sensitivity of the body and developing the body’s perception of force. Through the changes in body position, it affects the surrounding flow of air, energy and qi, and then through the changes in flow of air, energy and qi to determine the existence of foreign objects.

According to the introduction of [Heavenly Blind Dao] in the ancient bronze book, this technique was divided into 12 levels.

On successfully passing the first four levels, one's strength is comparable to the peak of the Spirit spring. With that, one could hear the sound of a piece of petal falling to the ground in the midst of rain and wind. With this, one could perceive the surroundings like a normal person, and engage in hand-to-hand combat, without being at a disadvantage.

Once they successfully advanced through the middle four levels, ones combat strength was comparable to those in the realm of Ascending Heaven. They can sense a mayfly beating its wings thousands of miles away, can differentiate colours, temperature, and can perceive the track of a grain of dust rolling across the air under the sunlight.

After successfully reaching the top four levels, standing in the central area, one can see all four directions, roam the world, see all living things clearly, go up to heaven and down to hell. They were capable of seeing what deities could see, and there was nothing one cannot do.

This cultivation method, once it was cultivated to it’s very depths, was indeed unfathomable.

It is also the most suitable cultivation method that Ye Qingyu could find for Bai Yunaxing for now.

On the premise of ineffective treatment of his eyes, only through the cultivation of techniques could he enhance his realm, and when advanced to the stage of the Ascending Heaven, he could change his fate and go against nature to regenerate limbs. Given Bai Yuanxing’s intelligence, it would be impossible for him to progress to this step through other cultivation techniques. [Heavenly Blind Dao] was the only possible cultivation method.

His progress in the future depended on himself.

This day, Bai Yuanxing had completely obtained the mantra and profound meaning of the content of the [Heavenly Blind Dao].

Ye Qingyu also took some time to teach and give advice on Jin Ling’er, Li Ying and Li Qi’s martial arts. Ximen Yeshui, who was free and had nothing to do, would also occasionally guide the children. His martial road was obviously of the ancient martial school, and took the approach of the former sect era, but his every sentence was very insightful.

In the evening, the medicine god and pill god still had not yet returned to the [Medicine Hut].

Early in the morning, Wen Wan went out carrying a bowl, looking busy. No one knew what he was doing. Ever since arriving at the imperial capital, he had became a little weird.

Mother Wu prepared dinner, and after Ye Qingyu and Bai Yuanxing and other people had dinner together, Lin Baiyi escorted them back to the military building.

On the way back, Lin Baiyi revealed that his father—the current head of the Lin clan, wants to meet Ye Qingyu. Ye Qingyu smiled and agreed, but because the military matters had not been sorted out yet, he temporarily could not leave and estimated that it would be after the military have appointed the 18 young experts, when he would be free.

Lin Baiyi happily agreed.

As they were bidding goodbye at the door of the military building, Ye Qingyu told Lin Baiyi that if medicine god and pill god have not returned from the palace tomorrow, then he does not need to come collect him.

Returning back to the 55th floor training camp, the majority of the young experts were still there.

[Flowing Light] told Ye Qingyu news that were not too good——the [Avalanche] who had gone to the camp of the Thunder Deity within Snow Capital with Qiu Fenghan had not returned yet.

Ye Qingyu nodded, noting it down.

At this time, the two instructors were not in the building and there was no way they could investigate the matter.

On the same night, Ye Qingyu basically swapped pointers with the young experts to pass time.

The next morning, Lin Baiyi did not come to collect Ye Qingyu.

This meant that the medicine god and pill god had not returned from the palace.

Ever since coming to the imperial capital, Ye Qingyu’s mind had always been loaded with one matter. And that was to find ways to enter the Imperial Offering Temple, to find the secret of his father’s last words. But this matter was very important, and Ye Qingyu obviously could not directly ask the medicine god and pill god. After he inquired about it, he realized that with his current position and status, it was basically impossible for him to get into the Imperial Offering Temple.

The Imperial Offering Temple, also known as the Imperial Ancestral Hall, was the ancestral land of the current Snow Country imperial household, the Yu clan’s ancestral land. The place was heavily guarded, and it was said that only the members of the imperial family and relatives by blood were allowed to enter. Even relatives of the emperor cannot get close to the ancestral hall and must stay thousands of meters away. If there were places in the Snow Capital that were absolutely prohibited, then the Imperial Ancestral Hall must be one of them, and would be ranked in the top three.

Given Ye Qingyu’s current status and identity, it was absolutely impossible for him to enter the Ancestral Hall.

And with his present strength, it was almost impossible to infiltrate the Ancestral Hall.

But Ye Qingyu would not give up.

After the trip to Deer City, Ye Qingyu was more curious about the identity of his parents. He already had speculations in his own heart, and he increasingly wanted to prove that his speculation was right. No matter what, he must give it a try.

Early in the morning after registration, Ye Qingyu left the military building.

This time, he did not head for the [Medicine Hut].

But he left alone on a formation airship, changing several routes, before eventually getting off at a station of the City’s North district South Temple Street, and entered into the busy crowd.

The whole morning ended in a seemingly pointless stroll.

At noon, he casually walked into a small restaurant to eat something, and then continued strolling.

Until coming into a quiet alley without anyone, and almost reaching the end of the alley, Ye Qingyu suddenly sped up, shot out like a lightning, and instantly disappeared from his original place.

The next moment, two blurred shadows appeared in the air, like ghosts, flashing, and then rapidly chasing after in the direction that Ye Qingyu disappeared.

A moment later.

A faint white mist gleamed in the alley, turning into Ye Qingyu’s figure.

“You followed so closely, but I still don’t know which sect you people are from.” Ye Qingyu shook his head.

From the moment he left the military building today, he knew that he was being followed. He spent the morning trying to gather some clues, but he did not expect the people that were tailing him to be so strong and are tracking masters. Ye Qingyu carefully dealt with the people for a half-day, but failed to observe anything and finally had to use the [Flowing Light] technique to lose them.

“It seems that after a battle with [Purple Eye], I have aroused some people’s attention.”

Ye Qingyu had already realized this long ago, so he was not too surprised.

Having managed to shake off the pursuers, Ye Qingyu concealed his aura, left the alley, went to a tea house, and sat there for half an hour. Until he determined that there was no one following him, he got up and entered the teahouse's backyard.

The backyard was also a teahouse.

A beautiful tea-girl who looked only 17 or 18 years old came over to greet Ye Qingyu and led him into the first tearoom. The green bamboo teahouse looked like it was naturally formed, very aesthetically pleasing, if one looked at it from the street outside, it would be difficult to think that the winding path leads to a secluded quiet place, and that there would be such an elegant place.

“Sir, please go ahead.” The beautiful girl’s gesture was elegant and her smile was gentle.

Her skin was fair like milk, and her facial appearance was very delicate, as though painted. If not seen with his own eyes, it was hard to believe that Lang Zhong had such a attractive sister who was like a painted picture.

This beautiful, fair young girl is the younger sister of the head of the Two River Gang Lang Zhong, who was now solely responsible for all kinds of matters of the Imperial capital’s division of the Two River Gang. According to Lang Zhong, his younger sister had a brilliant tactical mind and was a person difficult to deal with.

Ye Qingyu received the news two days ago, but today he was finally able to spare time to see Lang Yong.

Lang Yong was the name of this beautiful maiden.

A very masculine name.

And her name together with her brother’s name was Zhongyong[1].

[1]meaning loyal and brave

It is said that this is not a beautiful name, but a name she gave herself.

Lang Zhong’s name was given by Mother Ye back then. When Lang Yong was still young she only had a nickname, and later Mother and Father Ye were killed and could not give this little girl a name. In order to cherish the memory of Father and Mother Ye, and remember the blood feud, the little girl gave herself the name Lang Yong, meaning to be brave, to investigate the cause of Father and Mother Ye’s death, even in the face of any difficulties, and would never retreat.

When Ye Qingyu heard about this, he was also very moved.

Today was Ye Qingyu’s first time meeting Lang Yong.

Perhaps because of their relationship with his parents Lang Zhong and Lang Yong were also regarded as adoptive children of his parents, when Ye Qingyu saw Lang Yong, it was like seeing his own little sister. There was an extremely close feeling.

The door of the teahouse slammed shut.

Lang Yong knelt down and greeted him. “Young master.”

Ye Qingyu waved dismissively and immediately supported the young girl up. “Don’t be so polite, call me Xiaoyu. Sister Lang is older than me by one year, I should be the one greeting older sister.”

The maiden still very stubbornly knelt down. “The difference in status must not be forgotten, now that Lang Yong is working for young master, I must strictly adhere to the rules. Otherwise the Two River Gang would not follow the rules in the future.”

On the painting-like face, there was a seriousness that was not commensurate with her age.

Then she respectfully began presenting jade scrolls of document, which were organized by category, and consisted of information on the major factions of the imperial capital that Lang Yong personally selected herself. In her view, this information would be very useful for Ye Qingyu in the imperial capital.

Ye Qingyu expressed his thanks and then began examining them carefully.

Lang Yong was standing at the side brewing tea for him, her movements were very skilful, but as before, her manner was still very serious. Ye Qingyu could not help but think of the little boy servant of the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing, Xing’er, who was also an expert in tea making. When he was brewing tea, his movements were very natural, and graceful and elegant like a woman. Compared to the seriousness of Lang Yong, a real woman, there was a clear-cut difference.

On the jade scrolls, there was a lot of information.

It was clear that in these days the Two River Gang had done a lot in the imperial capital.

There was some information in the scrolls that Ye Qingyu had never read before in the information that Ouyang Buping and Dugu Quan provided, and the majority of the information were more or less related to Ye Qingyu and were gathered and listed in Ye Qingyu’s point of view. In a way, this information indeed has important significance to Ye Qingyu.

In the last document scroll, Ye Qingyu could see the response of the great forces of the imperial capital after his battle with [Purple Eye] Du Heng.

This sensational effect seemed more frantic than what Ye Qingyu had anticipated in the beginning.

The most straightforward reason was because of that strand of silver hair known as [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair].

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 374:


Chapter 375 - Secret Arts of Violet Haze

[Three Thousand Feet of White Hair] was a secret treasure of the imperial household?

After reading the scroll that Lang Yong handed to him, Ye Qingyu fell into deep thought.

That strand of mysterious silver hair was one of the cards that [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing let Xing’er give to him in Youyan Pass, for him to deal with Li Qiushui, Zhan Shanhe and other people of the Three Sects and Three Schools, and in order to cope with the martial arts meetings. But at that time Ye Qingyu had a sudden martial arts breakthrough and had no use for it. Xing’er also never asked for it back, so it had been with Ye Qingyu all this time.

In his battle with [Purple Eye] Du Heng, in order to withstand Du Heng’s purple light, Ye Qingyu had to use this piece of precious treasure.

Moreover, Xing’er had once said that this piece of precious treasure can only be used once and would be exhausted after. This was indeed true. Having withstood against the purple brilliance and defeated [Purple Eye] Du Heng, the strands of silver hair had disappeared.

Ye Qingyu originally thought that the white hair belonged to [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing.

But in the intelligence provided by Lang Yong, the item [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair] was one of the four secret treasures of the current imperial household of the Snow Empire. It was said that it was a Dao level weapon, the most precious treasure of the empire. It was also said that the Snow Emperor and His Highness Crown Prince are the only ones that are qualify to use this great treasure of the empire.

This news made Ye Qingyu extremely shocked.

If this was true, then why would such an important weapon be in Liu Yuqing’s hands?

And he dared to give such an important object for him to use?

What was even more unbelievable was that, if [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair] was the most precious treasure of the empire, then it should not be exhausted after one use. An important treasure like that was completely used up in the battle between him and Du Heng; is that not a major loss to the entire Snow Empire?

Thinking over and over again, Ye Qingyu still felt that the matters do not match up.

He set down the files and looked to Lang Yong.

“Does young master think there is something wrong with the information?” Lang Yong was very intelligent, and from the changes in Ye Qingyu’s expression, she was able to capture the change in Ye Qingyu’s psychological activity.

Ye Qingyu nodded. “About the information on [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair]... Because the way I obtained it is a little special, I don’t really know much about it...The information stated here is a

Lang Yong did not immediately answer and instead very carefully thought about it, before she replied assuringly, “Because this matter is closely linked to young master, I personally investigated it myself. I am completely certain that, [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair] is undoubtedly one of the four greatest treasures of the Imperial household of the empire. Also this matter is not extremely confidential, the investigation was very easy.”

Listening to Lang Yong, Ye Qingyu knew that the information should not be wrong.

But it was too strange.

No wonder that from the other information on these files, the major forces of the imperial capital were shocked. This was especially so for many families that were closely related to the Imperial household. Ever since the battle, they had begun to investigate about him, and when he left the military building today, he was immediately being followed...

The fact that he possessed one of the greatest trerasures of the empire, [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair], even Ye Qingyu himself was extremely shocked, let alone the other major forces of the imperial capital? The impact and significance of this matter had far exceeded the various consequences brought about by him defeating Du Heng. Especially in the current tangled and complicated situation of the imperial capital, most likely, wouldn’t even the Du Household weigh up the gains and losses of this?

He reckoned that right now, the major forces of the imperial capital would firmly believe that he was someone belonging to the imperial household.

This misunderstanding was really...

Ye Qingyu knew this was equivalent to yellow mud being smeared on his crotch. No matter whether it was shit or not, he would not be able to explain this.

But why would Liu Yuqing possess one of the greatest treasures of the empire, [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair]?

Ye Qingyu was now unclear about the identity of Liu Yuqing.

Moreover, that little book servant Xing’er was also secretive and mysterious.

Ye Qingyu gently shook his head, removing all these distracting thoughts, and began to think about how to cope with the next situation——It was obvious, because of the [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair], the situation of the imperial capital was much more intense than what he had initially imagined, and he would undoubtedly become the center of the vortex.

And to a great extent, this matter would most likely influence His Majesty Crown Prince’s arrangements for the 18 young experts——Before this incident, if His Majesty Crown Prince wanted to put all these people in some relatively important positions there would not be too much of a hindrance, but after this incident the resistance that the Crown Prince would suffer could be a lot more serious.

They would be able to find out everything the day after tomorrow.

Ye Qingyu finished reading the files in front, remained silent for a moment, and asked, “In the capital, how many people do we have now?”

“Including myself, we have 113 people.” Lang Yong continued pouring tea for Ye Qingyu, and said confidently without the need to think. “For the real core personnel, there is a total of 23 people, the people that know about young master is me alone.”

This was the greatest degree of protection for Ye Qingyu.

In the future, even when the Two River Gang was being watched, they would never dig up Ye Qingyu——unless Lang Yong was caught. But with Lang Yong’s willpower and loyalty, even facing death she would not do anything that was adverse to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was of course aware of Lang Yong’s intention.

But to let such a young girl handle matters, struggle in the light and fight in the dark, and try to cheat or outwit other people, especially in the Imperial capital, such a dangerous place where one careless move could get you killed, was absolutely not what Ye Qingyu wished.

Not to mention that gangs and factions were not protected by the laws of the imperial capital. Gangs and factions, no matter big and small, were considered as a part of Jianghu, and Jianghu matters should be settled in Jianghu. This was a rule that was applied in the imperial capital. So the death of some of the people of Jianghu, the imperial capital authorities will not look too much into. Even if hundreds of people of a gang was destroyed overnight, the officials would also not investigate.

The lives of the people of Jianghu, in some cases, are less valuable than the ordinary civilians.

And for an existence like the division of the Two River Gang, although it was a nobody in the imperial capital, it was still absolutely considered as people of Jianghu. Therefore it could be said that Lang Yong’s situation was also very dangerous, and perhaps one day would suddenly disappear from this world and others would not know where her corpse and bones went...

Ye Qingyu was thinking that, to let his 100 people——especially Lang Yong to risk their life to develop the division of the Two Rivers Gang, was he being a bit too selfish? All along, he was used to fighting unaccompanied, and had never really wanted others to serve him.

But Ye Qingyu also knew that if he told Lang Yong to disband the division and leave the imperial capital, then this for her might be a damage more painful than death.

His gaze fell upon the beautiful painting-like maiden.

18 years old, with her cultivation level at the ten Spirit springs. But her cultivation was not considered stable, and she should have received assistance through some special channels, such as medicines and pills to increase her cultivation level, in order to come to the imperial capital. Long Zhong had allocated a lot of resources of the Two Rivers Gang for Lang Yong to enhance her strength.

“You have undergone a martial arts test before, right?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“Superior-grade power of understanding, first-class martial arts talent, second grade bones, earth body attributes.” Lang Yong knew what Ye Qingyu wanted to ask her and immediately answered in the first moments.

“Oh, what weapons do you excel with?”

“Dagger.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He casually grabbed a jade piece. With a will of his consciousness, he erased all the information contained within. Then using the power of his spirit and yuan qi, a cultivation technique that originated from the [Fiendgod Tilted Chart], was inserted into the jade piece.

“There is a part of a cultivation technique inside called… let’s call it Secret Arts of Violet Haze for now. It’s a secret cultivation method that I accidentally obtained from a friend, useful in concealing one’s appearance and to chase down someone. It should be suitable for you so you should practice it. If there are suitable candidates you can also pass it on.”

Ye Qingyu handed over the jade scroll to Lang Yong.

Lang Yong was evidently a little surprised. There was a flickering hint of hesitation across the beautiful and serious painting-like face, but soon she obediently received it, and did not check the information in the jade scroll in front of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu also did not say anything, got up and left the teahouse.

Given Lang Yong’s superior power of comprehension, he believed that she would understand the profound meaning of the Secrets Arts of Violet Haze without him explaining. The formidable power after comprehending this secret technique was no less than that of the [Heavenly Blind Dao] that Bai Yuanxing received.

If, in the future, these two people could really cultivate to the peak of these secret cultivation techniques, that is equal to Ye Qingyu cultivating two top level assassins. He believed that within Heaven Wasteland Domain, no one could escape from the assassination of this man and woman.

Lang Yong accompanied Ye Qingyu to the back courtyard door and turned away. She really did seem like an ordinary tea girl, without even saying too many words.

They have established a way of contact, and if something else comes up, it would be easy to contact each other.

Ye Qingyu came out of the teahouse, let out a brief sigh, and strolled along the South Temple Street for an hour. He arrived at the rune airship station, when he vaguely sensed a familiar aura from behind; it was the two people that he had gotten rid of before.

Not only them, Ye Qingyu could also sense that, in addition to these two familiar trackers, there were several other very vague auras that had been following him from a little distance away, appearing and disappearing, maintaining a very subtle distance, and clearly also held the same purpose.

Ye Qingyu pretended like he did not know and planned to counter the challenge with a calm attitude.

But just before he came to the hill station, ready to ride an airship, suddenly a mysterious yellow luxury ship whizzed over, abruptly stopping in front of Ye Qingyu.

The design of the mysterious ship was simple and unadorned, but unforgettable. The sleek lines, although simple, were beautiful. The most profound often took the simplest form. There was a very rare mithril plating over the entire body of the ship, giving a low-profile yet noble air, like a giant beast. Although there was not any flickering light of formation inscription, the faint heart-palpitating aura flowing around the ship made even Ye Qingyu feel his heart racing the moment his gaze fell upon the mysterious airship.

In the imperial capital, mysterious yellow is a colour solely used by the imperial household.

Ye Qingyu slightly leaned to one side, avoiding the mysterious ship.

But on the ship came a familiar voice——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 375:


Chapter 376 -

“Hey, why are you staring blankly, hurry up.”

A familiar voice came from the mysterious yellow airship.

Startled, Ye Qingyu looked up to see a sweet smile and a flower-like face of a beautiful maiden wearing a luxurious and beautiful palace long dress, like a fairy floating in the sunlight. She was standing on the deck of the mysterious ship grinning and looking at him, her sleeves rolled up as she greeted someone below.

This… Are you greeting me?

I don’t think I know her.

Ye Qingyu looked all around, and found that there were no other people, which means this beautiful maiden of the imperial household was apparently greeting him, but... While Ye Qingyu stared in confusion, he suddenly felt that this extremely beautiful girl vaguely seemed a little familiar.

Is it... Xing’er?

How could her brown eyes look so similar to the little boy servant Xing’er that followed [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing around in Youyan Pass?

“Haha, the famous Leaf of Youyan Pass, why is your eyesight so bad? I just changed clothes and you don’t recognize me?” The beautiful noble girl said mockingly and furtively winked at him behind the guards. She was exactly like Xing’er back then.

It... it really was Xing’er?

Ye Qingyu really was taken aback.

He he he he he... was female?

“Hurry come up, we’ll talk in a different place.” Her face taking on a mischievous look as she repeatedly waved.

Ye Qingyu no longer hesitated. With a flash, he got onto the mysterious ship.

A flash of light.

The mysterious airship shot into the sky, and the next moment it had disappeared from the station. Its speed was extremely fast, as though a beam of flowing light, and no ordinary formation airships could compare to it.

……

Blue sky.

White clouds.

This was Ye Qingyu’s first time overlooking the imperial capital Snow Capital from such a high altitude.

Only the imperial airships were allowed to, at this height, cruise in the sky above the Snow Capital and appreciate the beauty of this giant city of the Human Race.

Beneath were rows of magnificent buildings, seemingly endless, stretching to the horizon. The different shapes of towering buildings were like statues of deities standing in this piece of land that was once covered by the glacier. Also the silver main road and viaduct looked like a dragon lying dormant on the ground, accompanying the devil. The view from above was an ultimate visual shock.

The high martial era and the development of the formation technique had brought manpower to its peak.

“Say, how did you get here? And how did you turn into a woman?” Ye Qingyu was holding onto the railing of the ship, the breeze ruffling his black hair. Looking at Xing’er, his mind had calmed down.

“Hey, Little Leaf, can you speak more politely, I am now appearing before you as the imperial princess, you are my courtier okay? Would a courtier speak to their master with this tone?”

As before, Xing’er spoke in a playful manner, and there was a mischievous glint in her eyes.

The imperial guards were dozens of meters away from her, and on this deck there were only Ye Qingyu and her.

When the guards were not around, it was the time she could completely relax and need not adhere to the several etiquette and rules. This was like her time at Youyan Pass, where she was free and leisurely like the wind.

“You are tactfully telling me now that your real identity is the Imperial Princess?” Ye Qingyu smiled. “No wonder you have the [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair], I could not understand before, but now I understand everything.”

“At that time I took out the [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair] for you to use at the martial arts meeting, who would have guessed that you have not used it, but chose to use it now and also in the imperial capital. This move is good, now all the people of the imperial capital know. Haha, now everyone is busy guessing what exactly your real identity is? Some people say that you are a prince that the imperial household had been secretly cultivating...” Xing’er was overjoyed talking about this matter, without [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing around her, her talent for mischief was freely displayed.

Ye Qingyu shook his head without saying a word.

Xing’er’s eyes were flickering with another mischievous glint.

She lifted the hem of a dress up a little and slowly walked over like a young adult, lightly patted the shoulder of Ye Qingyu, and laughed, “Well, well, in fact, it is not a big deal. You know, this time you were lucky. If not because of the [Three Thousand Feet of White Hair], the Du household would have been searching for you to kill you. Du Heng has a vicious and ruthless mind. I remembered that when I was a child, I accidentally saw Liang household’s old Liang’s most loved little grandson accidentally touching the sweat in Du Heng’s hands and did not apologize. The next day, the body of little Liang appeared on the riverbank of the Twilight Snow River. Everybody thought that Little Liang accidentally fell into the Twilight Snow River, but only I saw the ruthless human-eating expression within Du Heng’s eyes. I am sure that he was the person behind this...

“There’s such a thing?” Ye Qingyu pretended to be surprised.

Xing’er was exceptionally smart. With one glance at Ye Qingyu she could tell that he was deliberately ridiculing her. She angrily glared at Ye Qingyu, fist raised. “Come on, can’t you tell what temper that Du Heng guy has? I’ll tell you. Rumour has it that his eyes are purple because his mind is too vicious. At first they were blood-red, then it grew more and more red, more and more vicious, and finally to red-purple...”

Ye Qingyu laughed. “Do you think I will believe you? It’s obvious that he practiced a kind of evil cultivation technique so his eyes changed...”

Xing’er burst into a mischievous laugh.

“When did you come back from Youyan Pass?” Ye Qingyu turned around to ask. “Did Master Liu come back with you?”

Xing’er swept her hand through her wind-ruffled fine black hair, laughing, “The moment you left was the moment I went back to Snow Capital... Hey, hey, what’s that look in your eyes, I’m not following you here, my aunt forced me to come back... Master Liu is the brain of the Youyan army, now the Youyan army offensive against the demon clan is in full swing, how could he come to Snow Capital. Not to mention that Master Liu once swore that he would never return to Snow Capital.”

“Huh?” Ye Qingyu captured the abstrusity of these sentences, and asked in an astounded tone, “Master Liu vowed not to return to Snow Capital? What’s going on?”

“It is said that he experienced a sad past event in the Snow Capital.” Xing’er shook her head. “I don’t know the details, however, Master Liu is one of the four saints of Heaven Wasteland Domain, and among the snowscape he is certainly regarded as a prodigy, a complete sensation. He is a famous gifted scholar. Many rich aristocratic young ladies want to marry him. It is said that there were princesses of the imperial household that admired him. Some princes and nobles, in order to get one of his paintings, were willing to give Origin crystals as presents. The name [Painting Saint] is known across the capital, even father had once summoned him… Hee hee, you wouldn’t want to hear it. Ah, the great waves that Master Liu once caused in the imperial capital are more than your current fame and power. You only caused a little movement, and can only be considered as a minor magician in the presence of a great one.”

Ye Qingyu cast a glare at her. “Why are you talking about me?”

Xing’er said firmly, “Are you not the kind of person that loves the limelight?”

Ye Qingyu fixed his gaze on Xing’er’s face, carefully studying it for a while, when Xing’er giggled and pulled a face, “Why are you looking at me with those eyes, do you think I’m very beautiful? Tell the truth, the moment you saw me, did your heart beat faster?”

“Haha...” Ye Qingyu mercilessly replied, “Of course not, you’re too young. Maybe when you mature a bit more in a few years later... I’ll also tell the truth, which you won’t like to hear, if you were not the princess of the Empire, I would have already ripped off your mouth.”

“Hey,” Xing’er said, rubbing her cheeks and squeezing her eyes. “But I am a princess, so you better not...” And then continued in an arrogant, childish and coy tone of voice, “And you even want to tear off my mouth, you're a bad person. I deliberately came to find you today for something.”

Her coy tone of voice was sending shivers down Ye Qingyu’s spine, like the sound of a cat scratching a bronze mirror. He hurriedly retreated back a few steps, crying, “Stop, speak properly... Why did you come find me?”

“Of course I came to find you…” Before Xing’er could finish her words, as though she suddenly noticed something, she looked up towards the upper right.

Together with Ye Qingyu.

A huge shadow appeared, projecting down from the top right direction, and blocking the sunlight shining onto the mysterious airship. A grand battleship that was like a divine dragon had silently and stealthily appeared above everyone’s head, like a devil whale that was hunting in the dark sea, obstructing the sun and slowly coming to a stop.

This airship was really big.

Also its movements were like that of a ghost, there was not the slightest sound and fluctuation in yuan power. Even with Ye Qingyu’s strength, he only noticed its arrival when it was already close to him.

When he lifted his head and looked upward, his heart was shaken again.

Xing’er was the princess of the empire, and the mysterious airship that she rides on was already incredibly luxurious and exhibited a noble air and undoubtedly displayed the imposing manner of the imperial household. It could be called the finest work of formation flying airships of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain, but compared with the giant battleship above, it was like a little shrimp wandering under a giant devil shark. Whether it was the build or the imposing manner, there was nothing comparable at all.

“The Prince’s ship? What’s he doing here?”

Xing’er’s expression suddenly grew serious.

There was suddenly a solemn and formal look on the usually laughing and joking beautiful face, as though she had turned from a careless silly girl into the high and mighty Imperial Princess. A noble air was suddenly diffusing out from her youthful body.

Meanwhile.

A mellow male voice that sounded gentle and familiar with a hint of teasingness sounded from the battleship above.

“Our little princess is in the mood to come out to play today. I heard that you have already ran off from 21 instructors that teach you the royal palace etiquette, and threatened that who forces you to study the palace etiquette again you would kill yourself, ha ha ha… The reason you came out today, is it to see your little boyfriend in private?”

When Ye Qingyu heard this sentence, his heart jumped.

Another royal figure had appeared.

“Third Huangshu, as an elder, are you not ashamed of saying something like that?” Xing’er answered calmly.

Huangshu

There was a multitude of information flickering in Ye Qingyu’s head. He finally knew, just who the Third Huangshu in Xing’er’s words referred to.

Yu Feiyan.

Ranked second in the [Heavenly Officer List], a terrifying person second only to the Right Minister Lin Zheng, the only golden Crowned Prince of the empire.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 376:


What was happening today, that all the great figures of the Imperial family would appear all at once?

Xing'er coming here to find himself was within reason, but to think someone like Yu Feiyan who was ranked number two on the [Heavenly Officer List] would also appear -----Ye Qingyu would not imagine that the Apex Prince Yu Feiyan had only passed by here coincidentally in such a location.

"Haha, what do you mean. Do you want your uncle to treat you like an outsider? When you were little, you peed on me when you were riding on my shoulders. You still haven't paid me a visit after going away for such a long period of time…”

In that thick and deep male voice, there was a hint of amusement that appeared.

"Uncle you are a busy person. You have to take care of major matters concerning the Empire, how could I dare disturb you," Xing'er said calmly.

Ye Qingyu faintly felt that Xing'er was not too close to her own uncle. There was a hint of wanting to distance herself away from him hidden in her words.

"You little girl. You seemed to have heard some rumours, and have some prejudice towards me. Since we've met coincidentally and we haven't seen each other for such a long time, then bring your little boyfriend and let uncle have a look at him, wahaha..."

As he said these words, on the vast battleship high above, there was a yellow light projection that shone down.

The faint formation light flickered, shining onto the deck of the little flying ship. It projected a three meter wide circle, flickering with light. It was a transferral formation.

Xing'er hesitated for a brief moment, then regained her calm and collected herself. She turned to give a glance to Ye Qingyu, smiling at him, "How about it?Let's go, Mr. [War God]. Do you want This Princess to bring you to see the world?"

Ye Qingyu laughed. "The Prince told you to bring your little boyfriend. Does that mean you admit this relationship?"

There was a delicately pretty expression that appeared on Xing'er's beautiful and intricate face. One hand holding onto Ye Qingyu's arm, she shook him a little with a laugh. "That's right, that's right, I was waiting for your word. Does that mean you recognize my position?"

Ye Qingyu quickly released himself from Xing'er's arms.

"I can't stand it... you've only just changed into a different outfit, but it seems like you've changed into a entirely different person." Ye Qingyu had a fearful expression, distancing himself away. Then he said seriously, "But I must warn you to not have any thoughts. In my heart, you are forever a man."

Hearing this, Xing'er had a face of rage. She humphed and clenched her little tender fists.

As they spoke, the two had already entered into the transferral formation light projection.

Light flickered.

Their vision became blurry.

When everything became clear again, the two appeared on the vast dock of the huge battleship.

Ye Qingyu could instantly sense, that there was a powerful aura appearing from all sides. Evidently, on this battleship, there was a significant number of martial experts guarding it. There were several of them that had an aura and power like a dragon soaring in the skies, it was in the direction in front of them.

Ye Qingyu observed all around.

The position of the two was namely at the center of the dock of the battleship.

The area of the dock was around several hundred meters. There were weapons racks all around, with all sorts of weapons. It seemed like a martial demonstration field that was large enough to fit thousands of people. Under the banner, there were martial soldiers wearing heavy armour and holding a dragon spear in their hands. Every one of them was strong. In other armies, they would definitely be officer class soldiers. But on this huge ship, they were only normal guards that guarded the ship.

About four hundred meters in front of them, there was a six-meter-tall building.

If not for the fact that they were on a flying battleship, Ye Qingyu would really have the impression they had been sent to a camp of some sort of army. In other words, this huge battleship was more than enough by far to become a mobile flying military camp within the skies.

Below the building, there was an imperial canopy that was opened.

There were roughly thirty or forty people that stood at attention. There was significant power and energy emitting from everyone. They were evidently powerful martial experts.

And at the most central position, the person at the head under the imperial canopy was a heroic and muscular middle-aged man. Like a resting tiger or an alert hawk, he sat on the yellow dragon throne. His aura was extremely powerful, but this aura was not solely the yuan qi fluctuation that originated from a martial expert. This was a natural born aura, a spiritual force that he possessed.

From the crowd, Ye Qingyu's gaze unconsciously focused on this person.

He wore a jade belt with dragon pearls, and had an imperial robe around him.

There was a purple gold crown on his head, extremely noble.

He was the only Apex Prince of the Empire.

A terrifying person that was only second to the Right Minister on the [Heavenly Officer List].

Just from his personal aura, Ye Qingyu could be sure that it exceeded any of the important characters Ye Qingyu had ever seen before. Even if it was the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge would slightly pale in comparison in front of this Apex Prince. Of course, this may be that the status and ambitions of the two were different.

Apart from his aura, from his appearance, Yu Feiyan could definitely be classified as a rare handsome man.

A muscular body, strong powerful eyebrows and eyes. He had a black beard, with a face like a jade crown. His body was perfectly proportioned, his physique extremely well-shaped. Wearing an armour of purple gold, this complemented the authority of this Apex Prince to the extreme. It was as if all the good items in the world was gathered on his body. This was a character that shined by himself. No matter what the environment, he would become the center of the situation.

Ye Qingyu had seen many handsome people, like Li Qiushui, like Yan Buhui...

But perhaps these people were too young, or their aura was inferior. compared to Ye Feiyan, they were all not enough.

The Apex Prince in front of him was evidently at the peak of his appearance and masculinity. He was like a manufactured person. Everywhere he stood, he would be able to block out the existence of all other people, showing off his presence alone.

"I pay my respects to uncle."

Xing'er bowed, her attitude somewhat casual.

Ye Qingyu also gave a military salute. "I pay my respects to the Apex Prince."

"Hahaha..." A clear and deep voice resounded. The Yu Feiyan that was sat on the golden dragon throne rose, his fire red dragon patterned cloak swirling like the flame. He took large strides over, then lightly rapped Xing'er's head. "Little girl, we haven't seen each other in several years, why have you gotten so unfamiliar with me? No matter what happens outside, when have I ever mistreated you?"

There was a trace of guilt that appeared slightly on Xing'er's face.

Without waiting for her reply, Yu Feiyan turned around, his gaze landing on Ye Qingyu. His expression became much more strict, as he carefully evaluated him. It was only then did his expression relaxed. "You are [The Leaf of Youyan], Ye Qingyu? The [War God] that was able to defeat Du Heng?"

Evidently this Apex Prince of the Empire had power like the mountain, and many channels of information that was even above Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping. Therefore, he must be extremely clear on Ye Qingyu’s background and history, and had already done a deep investigation. That was why he was able to know him so well.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "I am he."

There was a smile on Yu Feiyan's face.

His interest towards Ye Qingyu, because of some reason, was even earlier than other people. Therefore he comprehended him more than others.

But no matter how one obtained information from documents, seeing the person in question was more comprehensive and gave a fuller picture. On some perspective Yu Feiyan would choose to believe in his initial instinct and judgement.

And right now, the instinctive judgement he had towards Ye Qingyu was different from the judgment he made when reading all sorts of information from the documents.

He was about to speak, when there was a low and gentle voice that suddenly sounded out---

"[War God]? Haha, he really is impudent... Prince, why don't you let me have a spar with this so called [War God]?"

The air suddenly chilled.

……

……

Above the clouds, there was a fierce wind that blew.

There were layers upon layers of clouds that undulated, like it was unending towering mountains floating in the skies. Under the illumination of the sun, it emitted a golden, glistening splendour.

Amongst the clouds, there was a massive flying flagship that was hundreds of meters long and tens of meters wide that flew. It was like a terrifying ancient beast that guarded an ancient mountain that lay there, silently floating, not moving in the slightest.

There was a purple gold radiance that shined throughout this flagship. The firewood outer shell of this ship had life-like three-clawed dragon on the outside. The head of the dragon was like it was swallowing the skies, as if it would even swallow the very heavens!

All sorts of lights and radiance flickered past the body of the three-clawed dragon, emitting a radiance and demonstrating it's incomparable aura.

At this time, on the dock of the battleship.

"Spar?" Ye Qingyu frowned.

Who was that person, that so casually uttered such words in such a situation?

Furthermore, from the person's tone, it seemed they did not hold any sort of fear towards Yu Feiyan.

Ye Qingyu calmly briefed in, his gaze scanning the crowd far off. The power of these people were extreme, and should be guests under Yu Feiyan. It was rumoured that the Apex Prince, Yu Feiyan had three thousand guest masters under his residence, and every one of them was a significant person in the Jianghu, and had great background and divine abilities.

In these years, when Yu Feiyan had combated against the Right Minister, these guest masters were one of his most important aids.

Under Ye Qingyu's gaze, from the crowd of guests, there was a young man who carried a blade that walked out.

This person wore earthen green clothing. His black hair that was like a waterfall dangling on his shoulders that constantly fluttered under the fierce wind. There was a cold expression on his face, and both his hands were behind his back, calmly staring out. There was not the slightest of emotions in his eyes, a cold haughtiness written on his face.

After experiencing near death in these years and having walked the boundary of life and death for so long, Ye Qingyu's sensitive sense could detect a concealed danger from this person.

There was a charming expression on Yu Feiyan's face. Looking at Xing'er, then at Ye Qingyu, he seemed to have thought of something. He brought his two hands out from his luxurious sable gown, and clapped it. Laughing loudly, "Little girl, it seems that someone is not satisfied with your friend. Why don't I Iet little Ye cross hands with my guest who doesn't seem to listen to instructions? This will also allow your uncle I, to see if your carefully chosen little boyfriend will meet the requirements?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

