Chapter 1033:


Chapter 1048, The [Cloud Top Cauldron] returns



The experts that remained, for some reason, felt their heart leaping to their throat.

It was at that moment that many of the foreign race experts suddenly realized that they seemed to have made a huge mistake.

However, there was no time to correct it.

“Three!”

Ye Qingyu’s cold voice, like a declaration of death, spoke out the final number.

Then, there was a blaze of cold light.

He took action.

It sounded as if a silver bottle had burst, splashing water everywhere, and armoured riders were clanking their swords and spears in a battle.

The cold light filled the area within a radius of tens of thousands of meters. It was as though winter had arrived all of a sudden. The sudden cold made all powerful experts including Great Saint experts shudder with cold!

As a result the flowers of death had bloomed.

The several hundreds of experts before the sword mark had been turned into icy snowflakes.

It was as if their body was originally created from snowflakes, and at this time was finally dispersing with the wind.

This was a magnificent and beautiful spectacle in the world.

It was also a nightmare that made the many experts who stayed behind scared out of their wits.

It should be said that the one hundred experts at the front was the strongest of the batch. They had once rushed to the front of the mountain road, also had the courage to approach that sword mark, and brave enough to stand in front to face Ye Qingyu, but the courage was evidently not enough. In this world one must ultimately rely on strength, and the strength of the more than one hundred experts was obviously not enough.

Very inadequate.

A moment of death; a moment of turning to snowflakes.

How beautiful and sparkling were these fluttering snowflakes, were how much fear and despair the remaining hundreds of experts felt.

At this moment, they finally understood why the other experts who were on Capital Sky Peak with them would, at the sight of Ye Qingyu, choose to turn away. No matter how great the greed was burning in the hearts of those experts, there was a portion that chose to run away after the warning, hearts filled with regret...

The reason was simple.

Ye Qingyu was too strong.

That accomplishment of slaughtering tens of thousands alone was not a lie, not an exaggeration, but the most real fact.

The strength of Ye Qingyu was no longer the strength in the ordinary sense.

His strength was close to the Dao.

As the blaze of sword light erupted, followed by an icy chill, there was not the slightest movement and cultivation technique, only the result and death.

This no longer seemed to be martial arts technique, but a kind of the Dao.

The Dao that was close to the demonic method.

No one could see exactly how Ye Qingyu brought out his sword, then the next moment the hundreds of experts were dead.

And died so beautifully.

Ah... snowflakes dancing in the wind. A snowflake landed on the face of a Great Saint expert of the Black Heart clan, and then he seemed to have recovered from his surprise. The coldness of the snowflake melting was more terrifying than anything in the world, like a pig being slaughtered, he made a desperate howl as he frantically turned to flee.

This sound and this movement were like the signs of collapse.

In a split second, the other remaining experts were all scared out of their wits, turning around to flee.

All the foreign race experts could no longer summon up the slightest courage to fight. They felt that the most powerful and invincible person that they had ever met before was none other than the young man in white, and the scariest and most frightening thing that they had ever encountered was nothing more than the glittering snowflakes that were fluttering before them.

The chaos was like an avalanche.

But Ye Qingyu would not let them go again.

He had given them an opportunity, which they didn’t cherish. It was too late now.

He swung out his sword.

The light of a sword freezes nineteen states.

Pure silver sword light like the snow was fluttering and whirling about, like the starlight had fallen onto the secular world, but also resembled the brightest and most pure tide. It mercilessly washed away all the darkness and demons and swept away all evil.

A number of running figures were turned into snowflakes, scattering in the Void.

There were no blood flowers, only snowflakes... and death.

After the Quasi-emperor battle, Ye Qingyu's vision and experience had been increased several times, and under the enlightenment, his martial arts had ascended frantically. The observation of this battle was much better than the results of training for hundreds of years, especially in the last moment of life and death between the Four Stars Sect Quasi-emperor, the ancient macaque-resembling, lightning-wielding Quasi-emperor and [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], which had caused a fundamental change in Ye Qingyu's martial arts once again. At this moment, Ye Qingyu’s Divine Emperor sword intent had already reached its peak state, and could even be said to have vaguely peeped through the doorway of the Life Sword sword intent.

Ye Qingyu, under this state, was absolutely invincible.

This invincibility could ignore any disadvantage in numbers.

More accurately, Ye Qingyu’s martial arts cultivation base and combat power were already incredibly close to the half-step Quasi-emperor realm. Once his inner yuan cultivation base catches up with the combat power, he would become a real half-step Quasi-emperor.

These foreign race experts had a heart of greed, and even if they were all killed, Ye Qingyu also would not feel the slightest guilt.

The battle began quickly, and it ended even more quickly.

The sword light was retracted.

Ye Qingyu returned to the position where he had previously stood.

Snow fluttering above the mountain path, the scenery sad and beautiful, and he turned and walked along to the top of the mountain, without turning his head back once.

Because all the greedy foreign race experts had been killed.

In a blink of an eye, there was not a single figure on the whole mountain path.

At the bottom of Capital Sky Peak, the experts, who had retreated in fear right away, looked unwilling, but did not dare to return to take another look. They simply waited, waited for a long time. There were a few slightly braver experts that silently climbed halfway up the mountain to look at the situation from afar. All figures had vanished and they did not know where the hundreds of people had gone. The mountain road was covered in snow, and there was not the tiniest smell of blood around. They were all puzzled as to what had happened.

Ye Qingyu no longer paid any attention to these people.

He returned to the top of the Capital Sky Peak and continued to wait.

Time went by.

He, as before, was on tenterhooks.

He did not know how the situation on the Quasi-emperor battlefield was, and whether [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who had the [Cloud Top Cauldron], would return victorious.

In the blink of an eye, another ten days passed.

In these ten days, Ye Qingyu flew into a rage again, slaughtering waves of foreign race experts. He wasn’t in a good mood and thus attacked even more ruthlessly. Besides the Human Race, other hostile foreign race experts were all killed. In just ten days of time, the snow on the mountain road had piled up to a height of dozens of meters.

The old man Quasi-emperor patiently waited all this time.

He exchanged views with Ye Qingyu, passed on some of his insights in the cultivation of martial arts, and also talked about many martial arts secrets of the great world in the ancient era. However, he did not teach Ye Qingyu any cultivation technique or skills, because he could tell that Ye Qingyu had gradually embarked on his own road of martial arts. There was no need for him to study other people's methods of cultivation and technique.

On the other side, the willful youngster Lu Wei was a little envious.

His grandpa had never guided him like that.

But he knew well that his martial arts foundation, understanding and experience, were still far away from those of Ye Qingyu. Even if grandpa were to guide him in such a way, he most likely would not understand. It was the same as playing the guitar to a cow. His cultivation realmm was not high enough and without experience, it would be useless no matter what others say.

Occasionally, the old man Quasi-emperor told Lu Wei to exchange moves with Ye Qingyu, giving him advice.

Time went by.

The trio had waited an entire one month on the Capital Sky Peak.

In the last period of the month, gradually there were no other experts that dared to climb up the mountain.

Ye Qingyu had directly set down an ice mountain peak at the entrance of the mountain road.  Without breaking through the ice mountain peak, it was impossible to set foot on the mountain road. Moreover, Ye Qingyu’s name – the God of Death – had rapidly spread. This time it was different to back then on the Road of Chaos, in that the people that Ye Qingyu had killed were all famous Great Saint experts.

Gradually there were no more figures that came to provoke or watch the bustling scene on the mountain path.

For all experts at the foot of the mountain, this mountain path was a demon abyss that devoured life. Even if there were experts who could climb over that ice mountain peak and set foot on the mountain road, it would still be difficult to escape death.

The mountain road was quiet and cold.

Nan Tieyi and the million-year-old soul still had not showed up.

Ye Qingyu was able to vaguely sense the aura of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in a very distant place, and was still fighting.

This gave him a little reassurance, since it indicated that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had not fallen yet and was still alive.

Fatty Li Shengyan's injury was extremely severe. Ye Qingyu had been trying to help him recover and the old man Quasi-emperor had also attempted to treat him, but the old man Quasi-emperor was certain that his origin source had been badly exhausted, and whether it was his physical body or state of mind, both were on the verge of collapsing. Therefore it would take a long time for him to fully recuperate.

Several months had passed by in a twinkling.

The Quasi-emperor energy field had completely disappeared from the Capital Sky Peak.

There was snow whirling in the sky, because the weather caused by the Quasi-emperor energy field had subsided. Snow fell, re-covering the entire peak. The mountain peak that was more than tens of thousands of meters above sea level had been turned into a world of ice and snow.

In the meantime, Ye Qingyu was also observing the situation at the foot of the mountain.

He found that the experts at the foot of the mountain seemed to have left.

Capital Sky Peak seemed to have been forgotten, restoring its lonely and cold feeling of the past.

Only the three people were still waiting at the top of the mountain.

The torrent of time whizzed past.

It had been a full half a year since the end of the Quasi-emperor battle.

This day, the old man Quasi-emperor, who was meditating, suddenly snapped open his eyes, staring at the endless depths of the sky.

Ye Qingyu also sprang up as he sensed something, face lighting up with excitement.

He could feel that the aura of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was increasing clear, and was constantly approaching his direction... Could it be that the battle between [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and the evil grey-copper temple had finally ended?

Ye Qingyu tensed up.

Soon, there was a huge crack in the sky.

A ball of bright yellow light appeared from the cracks, like a meteor falling from the starry sky, streaked across with blazing flames, diving down in the direction of Capital Sky Peak.

It was the [Cloud Top Cauldron]!

Ye Qingyu was overjoyed, but soon a bad feeling took over.

Because only the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was seen, but there was no sign of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

Could it be...

Ye Qingyu soared into the sky, operating the one hundred eight ancient characters mantra to regain control of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

A stench of blood hit his nose.

The brass-coloured cauldron walls were covered with shredded flesh, bone fragments and strange bloodstains, as though it had come out of the slaughterhouse. Inside the space of the cauldron was fist-sized drop of red fire-like blood, spinning, releasing tremendous ocean-like power and qi.

At this moment, Lu Wei cried out.

Ye Qingyu turned towards the physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], his expression abruptly changing——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1034:


Chapter 1049, Funeral



Because at that moment, the physical body of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had suddenly collapsed like a carved statue into fine powder, drifting away with the wind. In the blink of an eye it had disappeared from the top of Capital Sky Peak and no longer existed.

How did that happen?

Shocked, Ye Qingyu instantly flashed closer, but there was nothing he could do and it was difficult to reverse the situation.

The fine powder dissipated, signifying...

Impossible!

Ye Qingyu forced that thought away from his mind.

It was impossible for the peerless [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] to fall.

And since the [Cloud Top Cauldron] had returned safely, it proved that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had not been defeated.

Ye Qingyu convinced himself with tens of millions of reasons.

He wanted to find some clues from the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. He carefully sank into an observation state, but there was no special indication on the cauldron. The storage space in the cauldron, as before, was still stored with Ye Qingyu's collection. All precious treasures were present. [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] divine spirit was not preserved in the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. The only change was that drop of blood.

This was the blood of a Quasi-emperor.

And Ye Qingyu was certain that it must be the blood of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

What had happened in that starry field, and what was the outcome of the battle? Ye Qingyu saw with his eyes that the grey-copper temple was smashed, and that a terrifying long-haired creature had rushed out to battle against [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]... What kind of creature was living in the grey-copper temple? It did not look like a creature of the present age, nor was it human form, more like a beast that had escaped from the ancient chaos world.

“Brother Li... will not return.”

The old man Quasi-emperor let out a sigh.

He knew how terrifying the grey-copper temple was, and that Li Xiaofei had been trapped in it for four thousand years. After he escaped from the temple, he had mentioned to him about some of its secrets. It had been a long period of time since a martial arts Emperor had been born, and generally speaking, it should not be the case. In the past, even in the Dharma Ending Age where the tide of the heavens and earth had subsided, there were still martial arts Emperors being born. Now, the spiritual qi in the world was abundant, though it did not quite reached the peak, but why wasn't there a martial arts Emperor existence?

Not only the Human Race, but there weren't any martial arts Emperors being born in other races.

Li Xiaofei had once said that, between the heavens and earth was a terrifying existence that did not allow a martial arts Emperor.

In the past, there had been more than a few evildoers with the possibility of striking the Emperor path, and even a few peerless martial artists who were in no way inferior to the martial arts Emperors back then. They have already had one foot into that field, but all eventually fell in the end. There was an invisible hand controlling everything in the dark, preventing a martial arts Emperor from emerging into the world again.

Only the old man Quasi-emperor knew that Li Xiaofei did not really have the absolute confidence to achieve the position of the martial arts Emperor, but wanted to test out something, to lure out some existence.

Now it seemed that Li Xiaofei's guess was correct.

“Let's go, let's get out of here, the world is going to change.” The old man Quasi-emperor was ready to leave.

Ye Qingyu subconsciously nodded.

Yes, it was unknown whether [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was alive or dead, and the Human Race had lost a pillar. Perhaps ordinary people or forces had not perceived this change, but for those who were truly at the peak of the world, they would certainly sense this change. The situation will soon turn chaotic again.

Ye Qingyu was even more convinced that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was not dead.

It was not self-deception, but a strange intuition.

Ye Qingyu's intuition was accurate a lot of times.

“Let's go.” Ye Qingyu asked, “Where will elder be going?”

The old man Quasi-emperor may perhaps be the last Quasi-emperor of the Human Race——Although the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect did not fall in the Quasi-emperor battle, but he evidently did not stand on the side of the Human Race. On the contrary, he had all along been on the opposite side of the Human Race. Ye Qingyu hoped that the old man Quasi-emperor could support the Human Race for a while.

“I'm going to take a walk around this world.” The old man smiled, a very deep meaning in this smile.

Ye Qingyu understood the old man's meaning.

He planned to warn some forces, to let the world understand that, even if [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was not present, the Human Race still had another pillar. He was going to show his fangs and muscles.

A respectable old man.

“Let Little Lu Wei follow you.” The old man smiled and patted his grandson on the shoulder. “I have nothing to teach him anymore, he must slowly walk the rest of the road himself, let him go as far as he can.”

“Grandpa?” Lu Wei looked at the old man in surprise.

Ye Qingyu also vaguely sensed that something was wrong.

It was as though the old man Quasi-emperor was making future arrangements, and had even entrusted his beloved grandson to Ye Qingyu. Could it be that... something was going to happen to him? Impossible, how would there be danger for a Quasi-emperor.

“The sword that had taken ten years to polish, its frosty edge has yet to be tested, today this sword will be shown, will a storm be created out of nowhere?”

The old man patted his grandson gently, before his figure gradually faded away, leaving this place and dissipating from the heavens and earth.

Lu Wei opened his mouth to speak, but in the end did not say anything. It was unknown what he was thinking.

Ye Qingyu stored away the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and carrying fatty, headed down the mountain road.

There was not a single figure on the Capital Sky Peak.

The two men had walked thousands of kilometers, but had not come across any experts.

The various seals and formations that existed on the outskirts of the Wei River Mountain Range had disappeared unknowingly. The mountain range was bleak and desolate, with traces of the great war left behind. The collapse of the large mountain peaks showed how terrifying the battle here was, and some of the remains of the battleship, which had lost its essence and core, were scattered across the valley, covered in dirt and moss, as though many years had past.

Ye Qingyu specially made a trip to the God Emperor Peak.

Unfortunately before he found Nan Tieyi, the God Emperor Peak had already been flattened, turned into pieces of gravel. It was evident that when the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor was destroyed, this supporting peak also collapsed. The last trace of the Immortal God Emperor Sect was also destroyed. The former mountain gate was covered in grass and plants. Only just over half a year had passed and it already looked like a wasteland.

After a short stay, Ye Qingyu left.

An hour later.

“Not quite right, why aren’t there any creatures around, as if they’re all dead.”

Unlike the chaotic scenes of the outside world that he had imagined, Ye Qingyu found that everything and everyone was very calm in the towns he had passed by. Everyone was very indifferent, like nothing had happened. He specially went to the inn and other places, where he found that the focus of the discussion was not the Quasi-emperor battle or the Reincarnation hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. What was even more bizarre was that, along the way, he had not seen a single disciple of the Greater One Sect...

By asking around, he came to learn that six months ago, the Greater One Sect had withdrawn from Clear River Domain, gave up the huge cities that they had formerly occupied, as well as the mountain gates and the blessed lands, without showing the slightest reluctance to leave.

“I heard they were going to wage war on other domains...” someone told Ye Qingyu.

Some people also said that the elite team of the Greater One Sect was being hunted by a mysterious expert, suffered heavy losses, and had to leave.

But these were all six months ago, and had in effect, also was not hot news. At least the Human Race had no longer paid attention to this matter.

Ye Qingyu also heard a shocking piece of news.

Over the past six months, no experts had come out of the Wei River Mountain Range.

In other words, after the news of the coming of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor broke out, the experts of all major domains and races who were attracted to the Wei River Mountain Range still had not come out?

Ye Qingyu found it hard to believe.

But he had traveled past several Human Race cities as well as a number of foreign race cities, and the news he received were unexpectedly in agreement. In the past six months, only a few people had come out from the mountains, and according to speculation, many experts must have died in the Wei River Mountain Range.

The present Wei River Mountain Range was a place of death for Clear River Domain and for many other domains.

But Ye Qingyu did not see many corpses when he came out from the Wei River Mountain Range.

Moreover, there were at least hundreds of thousands of foreign races that rushed up Capital Sky Peak and were driven away by him. The Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had broken, and there was nothing to compete for. Logically speaking, the hundreds of thousands of experts should have come out of the Wei River Mountain Range alive but this turned out to not be the case.

Where did they go?

Across the Wei River Mountain Range, there were no signs of mass killings or traces of fighting.

Did those people disappear into thin air?

Ye Qingyu found it a little bizarre, but did not put too much thought into it.

Before returning to Heaven Wasteland Domain, Ye Qingyu paid a visit to the Demon Spider Race.

He wanted to find the round-faced Prince Mo Jin to ask him about Wang Jianru and Song Xiaojun. Since the Demon Spider Race was one of the clans of darkness, they should be linked to the Unmoving City of Darkness in some ways.

“We pay our respects to the Human Race deputy envoy.”

The patriarch of the Demon Spider Race and his people greeted Ye Qingyu respectfully at the bottom of the Demon Spider Mountain Range.

Back then Ye Qingyu had been hunted by the Demon Spider Race, and even an elder of the Demon Spider Race could threaten Heaven Wasteland Domain. At that time, the Demon Spider Race, for Ye Qingyu, was a giant that mustn’t be provoked. But everything had been reversed. Ye Qingyu was now the third deputy envoy of the Human Race with illustrious achievements. Even if the Demon Spider Race did not know about the terrifying matter on Capital Sky Peak, his stories on the Road of Chaos was enough for the Demon Spider Race to bow to Ye Qingyu.

Throughout the Clear River Domain, there was no other force that could win against Ye Qingyu.

The Demon Spider Race was no exception.

Ye Qingyu was in a hurry, thus he did not climb the Demon Spider Mountain Range.

But after a few inquiries he was disappointed.

“His Highness Mo Jin has not returned to the Demon Spider Mountain Range for three years?”

The news revealed a lot of information, including the fact that the Demon Spider Race had lost control of the young prince.

Moreover it was unknown what he was doing out there. The elder did not appear to be lying, because when it came to this matter, several of the Demon Spider Race elders were still very angry. Mo Jin's behaviour was equivalent to betrayal. It was a great crime to not listen to the orders of the elders, and in accordance with the rules of the Demon Spider Race, the clan had also sent masters to capture Mo Jin, but unfortunately failed.

“There is a terrifying force behind him, and I, his father, can't do anything about him.” The Patriarch of the Demon Spider Race, an ancient spider of over five thousand years old, was only of the Saint realm and the strongest of the Demon Spider Race. He indeed was no match for Mo Jin.

And about the Unmoving City of Darkness, the entire Demon Spider Race did not know anything.

“I have heard about the name of the Unmoving City of Darkness in the ancient texts of the clan, but unfortunately that traitor had already taken away all the ancient texts... I’m sorry to disappoint Lord deputy envoy.” The old Patriarch said to Ye Qingyu in an apologetic tone of voice.

He had two sons.

One was Mo Jin’s older brother, who had excellent talent and showed strong capability, but had unfortunately died in the Heaven Pass training long ago, killed by a disciple of the Greater One Sect. Later, they provoked Ye Qingyu and other people. The remaining Mo Jin could be regarded as the heir, but he was rebellious and failed to live up to his expectations. As a father, he felt that he was a failure, and when he mentioned Mo Jin, he clenched his teeth in anger. It was evident that he had severed the father-son relationship.

Ye Qingyu released his divine sense to confirm that the other side was not lying. Knowing that he would not find out much information from his trip to the Demon Spider Race, he looked slightly disappointed.

“Is Lord deputy envoy going to return to Heaven Connect City for the funeral?” The Patriarch tried to ask, and then respectfully said, “The fall of Lord Ren is indeed a very shocking news. The heavens are jealous of the heroic genius. Even if we are from different races I extremely admire Lord Ren. However, we are not qualified to go to Heaven Connect City and can only hold a memorial service here. Hope Lord deputy envoy can understand... ”

As the Patriarch was speaking, he motioned some people to bring over a few trays.

Ye Qingyu was frozen where he was, “What did you say? Offer condolences? Offerings? What's going on?”

“Ah? Does Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu not know?” The old Patriarch was taken aback, “This...” His expression changed and immediately knew that he had said the wrong thing. The death of the main envoy of the Human Race of the Domain Alliance, Ren Puyang, had spread across the thousands of domains, and had brought about great changes. It was rumoured that the situation for the Human Race in Heaven Connect City had become very bad. He thought that Ye Qingyu already knew, and wanted to offer some offerings to improve the relationship, who would have known... his flattery brought nothing but annoyance.

“What happened? Lord Ren? You... is it Lord Ren Puyang?” Ye Qingyu almost felt that everything in front of him had darkened.

“This... there is news that the main envoy of the Human Race Ren Puyang had died. His body had been transported back to Heaven Connect City, and the funeral is being prepared... I heard that it had caused a storm in the Domain Alliance. All major forces have rushed there. The situation for the Human Race is very bad, especially for the former commander of the Divine white-robed guards. The former trusted aide of Lord Ren Puyang was said to be the murderer who killed Lord Ren Puyang and had been declared as a traitor, subjected to arrest. It is now all chaos!”

How was that possible?

Ye Qingyu almost passed into unconsciousness when he heard the bad news.

Ren Puyang had died?

The commander of the Divine white-robed guards had betrayed him?

When did this happen?

“I must go back to the Domain Alliance right away...” He turned and left——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1035:


Chapter 1050, Little Lin in the dark prison



Chaos Ruins Domain.

Heaven Connect City.

As the city where the headquarters of the Domain Alliance was situated, Heaven Connect City, to some extent, was the political and economic center of the whole world. It was no exaggeration to say that it was the core of the world. All powerful forces, sects, groups, families, and races would set up an encampment here, and everything that happens in Heaven Connect City would, in the first moments, through various channels, spread to the entire Vast Thousand Domains.

In the last ten days, the most shocking news was that Heaven Connect City's envoy of the Human Race Ren Puyang had died.

Around seven or eight months ago, Ren Puyang had strangely left Heaven Connect City and never returned. When he showed up in Heaven Connect City again, he was already a corpse, carried back by his most trusted commander of the Divine white-robed guards Lin Yutang. He was said to have suffered an ambush in the dark domain and killed.

The news spread, shocking everybody.

What kind of status did Ren Puyang have?

He was an important and influential person of the Human Race, an authority of the martial arts circle, and whether it was in influence or strength, he could be said to be one of the top figures.

But he had been ambushed and killed.

Exactly what force or existence dared to do such a thing?

As the news spread, no one dared to believe it.

But very soon, more shocking news broke out——

Lin Yutang had rebelled.

The commander of the Divine white-robed guards, who Ren Puyang had treated as his right arm and put into an important position, was said to be the real culprit who plotted against and killed Ren Puyang. After he killed Ren Puyang, not only did he run away but carried Ren Puyang's body back to Heaven Connect City, went to find the first envoy of the Human Race and took advantage of the time that the first envoy was devastated by the bad news, mounted a sneak attack and severely wounded the first envoy who had replaced Ren Puyang for the past eight months!

Fortunately, at that time the second deputy envoy and other Divine white-robed guards were present. In the end Lin Yutang was captured, his martial arts cultivation base destroyed, and was imprisoned.

Witnesses and material evidence were both available.

Because there were quite a few people who had witnessed the scene at the time, the matter could not be kept under control and soon spread across Heaven Connect City. And then, like the plague, in less than ten days, the news had quickly spread throughout the Vast Thousand Domains.

The Heaven Connect City was a mess, and undercurrents were surging.

In particular, the human forces in Heaven Connect City. They all felt the first signs of the storm, and their status had become affected.

The position of the Human Race in the Domain Alliance had become precarious.

This day, the clouds were low-lying, snow fragments fluttering.

The cold gust blew through the long winding corridor of the Domain Alliance dark prison, producing the howling cry of evil spirits, as if there were countless lonely souls and wild ghosts that were wandering in the dark prison, which had been around for tens of thousands of years, and where countless high and mighty people had died, and where millions of tremendous demons had been slaughtered and confessed. Moreover, any ‘nobody’ or creatures that entered the dark prison, no matter what race, were most likely doomed to die——either tortured to death or sentenced to death, with no exception.

Lin Yutang was being held in the ‘Flame’ prison cell of the Sky Symbol District.

The Sky Symbol District was the most heavily guarded area of the dark prison.

While the ‘Flame’ cell was the most heavily guarded cell in the Sky Symbol District.

He was a serious criminal of the serious criminals.

This was not because they feared his strength; after all, his martial arts had already been destroyed, and he was no different to a crippled person. His tendons had been cut off by some secret method and cannot be recovered, and it was impossible for him to escape. The reason why he was placed in such a heavily guarded cell was because of his crime, which was too serious.

Resting against the icy rock wall, Lin Yutang saw a glimmer of light coming in through the crevices of the stone window.

He was riddled with scars, and had been tortured for several rounds. There was not a complete bit of flesh all over his body

But he did not feel the pain——or, to be precise, the terrifying physical pain was no longer worthy of him paying attention to.

In Lin Yutang's eyes there was anger.

But more of despair.

Thinking of the task that Lord Ren Puyang entrusted him with before death, thinking that there was no way he could be cleared of his charges, thinking that... his eyes dimmed.

At this point he was not afraid to die.

But he was afraid that if he died, then everything couldn’t be changed.

If the hero was wronged, the evil villain occupied the top position, it would be worse than death. If Lord Ren Puyang's last wish could not be fulfilled, then nothing could redeem his sin.

But did he have the strength to change the tide?

Lin Yutang went through the names of all the Human Race experts he could think of in his mind, and in the end found that there may be some people who he could trust, but among these people, there was not one who had the strength to topple over a great building. The situation seemed to be absolutely irreversible.

“I'm not willing... I can't just die here, I would let Lord Ren Puyang down!”

Lin Yutang blamed himself.

He slammed himself in the head with his hand, wanting to shout and wanting to roar.

But when he opened his mouth, he did not really shout aloud.

Because he did not know when a figure had appeared in the cell, looking down at him with a strange look.

“It's you?” Lin Yutang was incredibly surprised.

He recognized the man who had appeared quietly in front of his eyes. It was the Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race, Ye Qingyu.

“How did you get in here?” He quickly found that something was wrong, because the door of the cell was unopened, and a jailer of the dark prison had not lead him the way here. This meant that Ye Qingyu did not enter the dark prison through the normal channels, which was a huge shock to him. This was the dark prison, but he was able to sneak in.

“Lord Ren Puyang, was killed by you?”

Ye Qingyu stared at Lin Yutang's eyes.

This commander of the Divine white-robed guards, who Ren Puyang called Little Lin, was incredibly familiar with Ye Qingyu. The two have had many meetings and exchanges. Ye Qingyu's impression of Little Lin was that he was a loyal and highly capable martial artist of the Human Race, who was considered as Ren Puyang's right arm and showed incomparable respect to Ren Puyang. He didn't expect him to betray Ren Puyang.

“Do you believe that?”

In Lin Yutang's eyes, a glimmer of light flashed.

Ye Qingyu didn't speak.

Of course he didn't believe it.

Otherwise, Ye Qingyu wouldn’t have sneaked into the dark prison the moment he returned to Heaven Connect City without letting anyone know in order to see Lin Yutang in person, listen to what the former Commander of the Divine white-robed guards had to say.

“What happened?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Lin Yutang at this moment gradually calmed down.

He wiped the blood from the corners of his mouth, slowly struggling to stand up, his eyes twinkling with a hopeful light, and did not answer Ye Qingyu right away, but as though talking to himself, mumbled, “You... you can sneak in here without anyone knowing, your strength... it’s already so strong, then... you may indeed be able to avenge Mister Ren Puyang...”

He was a little emotional.

For the past eight months, he had been following Ren Puyang, traveling around the Domain of Darkness, and was almost isolated from the outside world. Thus he did not know about the matter of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor nor that Ye Qingyu's strength had reached a terrifyingly powerful level. As a result he was incredibly shocked that Ye Qingyu could sneak into the dark prison.

Ye Qingyu stretched out his hand, allowing a gush of yuan qi to flow out to treat Lin Yutang's injury, as he asked, “What is going on, tell me, who killed Mister Ren Puyang?”

With these words, even if Lin Yutang were a fool, he would also understand that Ye Qingyu was on his side.

“Lord had been betrayed, it was the first deputy envoy, only he knew about the whereabouts of Master Ren Puyang and I, and able to set up that killing formation. Lord and I have investigated a lot of things on this trip, and as we were preparing to return we encountered an ambush. The other side was well prepared, and incredibly strong...” Lin Yutang first spoke slowly, but when it came to the end, his tone became agitated.

“But that's just your speculation” Ye Qingyu frowned, “Do you have any evidence?”

Lin Yutang was taken aback, “Evidence? I...”

He hesitated slightly, then shook his head, “I don't... however, in the entire world, the only one who knows about the whereabouts of Master Ren Puyang was me and him, there is no one else. The other side was able to so precisely know about the whereabouts of Lord, and even his martial arts, weapons, battle strength, temper and habits. Besides the First Deputy Envoy, I cannot think of anyone else... Of course, you can suspect me, but I know that I'm not that traitor!”

Ye Qingyu's frown deepened.

It was just a speculation, even if he could convince him, it would be hard to convince anyone else.

Ye Qingyu could ignore all obstacles, and could avenge Ren Puyang without the need of any evidence. The him today indeed had this qualification and strength, but first he must be sure that Little Lin was telling the truth, and there was no other misunderstanding or trap after this.

“Then why did you attack the First Deputy Envoy?” Ye Qingyu asked again.

This matter was already witnessed by too many people.

“I... ” Lin Yutang gritted his teeth. “I wanted to avenge Lord Ren Puyang, because I know he is the one behind this. Lord Ren Puyang had died, and the one who will take over his position must be him. Perhaps he had a cunning plot waiting for me, so if I wanted to kill him I only had that chance. Otherwise, when he really takes over, he could find any reason to kill me...”

“You could have chosen other methods, such as accusing him in front of the Domain Alliance, or wait for me to come back. There are thousands of methods, but you chose the one that you shouldn’t choose. Now no one believes you. The culprit you think is now the victim. You have carried the black pot for him...” Ye Qingyu said, staring at him.

“I...” Little Lin smiled bitterly with an exhausted look.

He was mournful and helpless, shaking his head he sighed, “After I returned to Heaven Connect City, I soon found out that the majority of the fellow soldiers of the Divine white-robed guards had been changed, and my most trusted soldiers were mysteriously gone. Everything became unfamiliar. The other side had carefully prepared a big net, waiting for me to get in. I am after all just a commander, a military man, and all along I have settled things with violence and killing. It is my duty and also my only capability. I don’t know who to trust, even more did not know that, if I let time pass, will the other side’s plot succeed step by step. At that time, I even more would not have a chance. Thus, I could only go all out before they close the net. If I killed the First Deputy Envoy, the net ripped open, then perhaps the Human Race would still have a chance to gasp for breath... I understand very clearly that, even if I succeed, I also cannot escape death. However, this did not matter. Whether or not I would go down in history is out of my control. I did what I can do, the rest of what I couldn’t do would have to be left for the future generations...”

This steel man, at this point, showed a determined expression, but there were tears in his eyes.

At the time, he was really forced to the dead end.

And most importantly, Lin Yutang didn't think anyone else could fight the First Deputy Envoy in the Domain Alliance.

He was unable to fully trust the Second Deputy Envoy, and was in a state of isolation and without help at that time. Even if he trusted the Third Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu, he did not believe in Ye Qingyu's ability. First of all, because Ye Qingyu was only a deputy envoy in reputation and not a deputy envoy with real power. Secondly, because Ye Qingyu, although he had extraordinary talent and was thought highly of by Ren Puyang, was still a kid, and did not have the ability to reverse the tide!

If he had known that Ye Qingyu had the ability to sneak into the dark prison, perhaps he would have controlled himself back then.

But now, he didn't know how to prove the truthfulness of what he said to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was silent for a moment.

Then he patted Lin Yutang on the shoulder gently, and said, “This matter, I will look into it. I will definitely avenge Mister Ren Puyang. Whoever harmed Mister Ren Puyang must pay the price... Before that, you will stay in the dark prison, they will make you carry the blame, make you receive trial, and will absolutely not kill you before the funeral. It is the safest for you to stay here, if I take you out, it will only alarm them!”

Little Lin nodded, “I know this, even if you were to bring me out, I will not go.”

Ye Qingyu nodded and asked again, “In your opinion, who else can be trusted in the Divine white-robed guards, or in the Human Headquarters of the Domain Alliance?”

“Commander Tang Chong can be trusted, and...” Lin Yutang said the names of dozens of people.

These were all loyal soldiers who he felt he could rely on.

Ye Qingyu, who had an extraordinary memory, firmly remembered all the names.

Then he turned around, and disappeared from the cell with a flash, as if he had never come.

Such an impressive method, besides shocking Lin Yutang, made him a little more hopeful.

He was also well aware that Ye Qingyu did not fully believe everything he said, but he was not afraid. With a little careful investigation, he would be able to figure out the truth, find out the hypocritical faces, and prove that everything he said was true.

Evidence?

There of course was evidence on him.

But he couldn't give it to Ye Qingyu yet.

What if Ye Qingyu's ability couldn't protect that evidence?

After all, he was only a young man in his early twenties. In Lin Yutang's view, a person of that age was too young.

The stakes were high, and he dared not have the slightest carelessness——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1036:


Chapter 1051, Tang Chong asks for help



In the sky outside the dark prison, the clouds were dim, revealing some gaps, where a few rays of sunlight pierced through.

Heaven Connect City was slightly warmer.

Ye Qingyu quietly left the dark prison, walked along the street, and roughly had a plan in mind.

But he was not anxious to confront the First Deputy Envoy.. Instead he slowly walked along the street, going over the plan in his mind over and over again. In particular he repeated and analyzed what Lin Yutang had said to him. Logically, there was no flaw or loophole.

He more or less believed Lin Yutang.

But Ye Qingyu did not know what sort of person was the First Deputy Envoy of the Human Race.

Back when he was promoted to the Third Deputy Envoy of the Human Race, it was all because of Ren Puyang’s recommendation. At the inauguration ceremony back then, the other two Deputy Envoys also did not appear. After all, Ye Qingyu was only a Deputy Envoy in reputation, and did not know the First and Second Deputy Envoys who held real power. Therefore the original inauguration ceremony was not particularly grand.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu wanted to see what was going to happen next.

It was inevitable to kill.

But he had to make sure that he doesn't kill the wrong person.

…….

Half an hour later.

Ye Qingyu and Lu Wei met up, and with the still unconscious Li Shengyan, returned to the Heaven Wasteland Building.

“Lord, you're back?”

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was incomparably surprised to see Ye Qingyu.

The Heaven Wasteland Building was closely linked with Heaven Wasteland Domain. The Great Great Dragon Turtle Demon had long known that Ye Qingyu had gone to Clear River Domain and that he was involved in the matter of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. He had disappeared for over half a year, and both the Heaven Wasteland Domain empire and the people of the Heaven Wasteland Building had been extremely worried. They had even sent people to Clear River Domain to investigate.

He did not expect Ye Qingyu to show up today.

Everybody in Heaven Wasteland Domain can finally relax.

“Well, this is young warrior Lu Wei, my friend. Can you arrange for a famous doctor in the city to come over, my other friend is injured and needs treatment.” Ye Qingyu came to the second floor of the Heaven Wasteland Building. After exchanging greetings with the Great Great Dragon Turtle Demon, he then commanded, “Summarize all the matters that had happened in Heaven Connect City into a scroll and give it to me. In particular, investigate the background of the First Deputy Envoy and the Second Deputy Envoy.”

A series of orders was passed down quickly.

The Great Great Dragon Turtle Demon immediately sent someone to carry it out.

The Heaven Wasteland Building, which had existed in Heaven Connect City for several years, had established its relationship-information network. Adding to this, they had their own channels, thus it was not too difficult to collect some information. Moreover, the Great Great Dragon Turtle Demon usually paid particular attention to this aspect, thus in less than an hour of time, Ye Qingyu had already received the scroll of information he needed.

And almost at the same time, the news that Ye Qingyu had returned to the Heaven Wasteland Building, through some channels, had spread to the ears of some forces.

At such a critical moment, the Heaven Wasteland Building had long been watched by countless pairs of eyes.

...

...

Domain Alliance.

In the main hall.

“I didn't think that Ye Qingyu would actually show up at this time... wasn't it said that this son of Ren Puyang had long died in the Wei River Mountain Range of Clear River Domain?”

In the main hall where Ren Puyang discussed official business in the past was a slender blue-green robed figure standing in front of a huge stone window, condescendingly looking out of the window at the densely packed buildings of Heaven Connect City with a slight frown.

This was an elegant middle-aged man, radiating a scholarly air. He had thick, dark hair, a white-jade crown, green-jade hairpin, and hints of silver in his sideburns of black hair. His phoenix eyes and the corners of his mouth were always curved in a faint smiling expression. He must have been a beautiful man when he was younger. Even now, at middle age, when he knitted his brows in a frown, there was also an intoxicating charm that made women crazy.

This man was the First Deputy Envoy of the Human Race, Ou Wuji.

“From the news we received, Ye Qingyu had indeed gone to Clear River Domain, and also was involved in the calamity of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. He had disappeared for more than half a year, and was thought to have died in the Wei River Mountain Range like all the other experts that flocked there. Unexpectedly he had survived, and came out alive after such a long time. It is indeed a bit of a surprise.”

An old man advisor had a look of astonishment across his face.

The advisor appeared to be around sixty years old, his face covered with deep wrinkles that seemed carved with a knife. It seemed that every wrinkle concealed countless plots and calculations. All over him there was an unapproachable coldness and fierceness. When he smiled, there was not the slightest sincerity in his eyes. That sort of smile was like a crying expression.

His name was Wei Wubing.

No one knew where he came from or his background.

Thirty years ago, Wei Wubing appeared next to the First Deputy Envoy Ou Wuji, and became the most trusted adviser of Ou Wuji.

“That Ye Qingyu was a junior that Ren Puyang thought very highly of. For him, Ren Puyang had made several exceptions, and there were rumours in the outside world that Ye Qingyu was Ren Puyang's son,” Ou Wuji said thoughtfully. “He surely came with bad intentions this time, and will certainly investigate the cause of death of Ren Puyang. He definitely will not easily believe in our words and will cause some trouble.”

He was a little worried.

After all, Ye Qingyu now had a bit of fame among the Human Race.

“Haha, no need to worry Lord. It's just a Ye Qingyu, let him come. He is just a Deputy Envoy without real power, what storm can he set off.” Wei Wubing gave a faint smile. “Based on strength, power, prestige and the achievements in the Human Race, Ye Qingyu cannot be compared with Lord. Do you think he dares to compete with Lord for the position of main envoy of the Human Race?”

Ou Wuji revealed a smile when he heard this.

After a pause, he then said, “Having said so, we still cannot be too careless. The closer one is to completing a task, the tougher it gets. It was not easy to get this far, we must not be too careless in the last moments. The lack of one basketful of earth spoils the entire effort to build a mountain. We cannot let that happen to us.”

It was the lifelong dream of Ou Wuji to ascend to the throne of the Main Envoy of the Human Race.

Now that it was about to succeed, he was afraid of any more changes.

In psychology, this was called the needle effect. [TN Note: the basic idea is when someone tries really hard to thread a needle, they would err more times than he would if he were completely relaxed).

Wei Wubing also gently nodded.

Ou Wuji then added, “This Ye Qingyu is a hot-headed youngster, does things regardless of the consequences. He dares to say anything and dares to do anything. He and Ren Puyang had a deep friendship, and is acquainted with Lin Yutang. For him to suddenly appear at Heaven Wasteland Building at this time, he most likely has some sort of plan.” His jade-like delicate and fair fingers gently tapped the window. “At such a key moment, if this hot-headed youth really were to cause trouble, it will definitely not be beautiful.”

Wei Wubing bowed his head, pondering for a moment, and then his eyes flashed a glimmer of fierce light.

“Lord is thinking too much, perhaps the appearance of Ye Qingyu may not be such a bad thing for us. Ren Puyang had died, and his trusted aides had been arrested, scattered, or killed. There are only a few left. Even if Ye Qingyu really caused a scene at the funeral, no one will stand on his side.”

Wei Wubing gently waved the scarlet feather fan in his hand, a sinister smile curving his lips, “Without Ren Puyang, how much storm can Ye Qingyu set off. Also I have investigated that, this barbarian of Heaven Wasteland Domain, though valiant, is still only of the Great Saint realm. We just need to ask a few Great Saints to sit at the funeral to suppress him. Moreover, Ye Qingyu's character is impulsive and reckless, which we can also make good use of. With a little planning, he will fall into the range of our bow and arrow. At that time we can get rid of him, eliminate the roots, and never have to worry about him again. Lord, you can sit firmly on the seat of the main envoy.”

Since all the relevant experts had died in the Wei River Mountain Range, nobody knew that Ye Qingyu had slaughtered tens of thousands of experts alone, and was still judging Ye Qingyu with the eyes of the past. Wei Wubing felt his plan was foolproof.

He had always been a confident man.

This time it was no exception.

Ou Wuji stood in front of the window, thinking quietly.

No matter how perfect Wei Wubing's plan was, he needed to make his own decision.

No matter how much he shared the opinions of his subordinate, he needed to show at least a superficial hesitation and a pondering expression to outsiders.

This was the method of a superior.

Otherwise, how would he establish the majesty of a superior person? And what difference would he be to an opinionless person controlled by his subordinate.

He pondered quietly for the time to take a cup of tea, before he turned around, looked at Wei Wubing and said, “You mean, get rid of Ye Qingyu?”

Wei Wubing nodded, replying extremely confidently, “That's correct, once and for all.”

“How confident of success are you?” Ou Wuji asked.

Wei Wubing waved the scarlet feather fan again, “One hundred percent confident, Lord, please be rest assured.”

Ou Wuji revealed a smile, “Good, go arrange it, don’t be careless, we must not underestimate the enemy. Ye Qingyu, this person, still has a certain threat.”

…...

…...

“Lord, Commander Tang Chong asks to see you.”

In the Heaven Wasteland Building, the Great Great Dragon Turtle Demon knocked on the door of the main room on the third floor and spoke respectfully.

“Huh?”

Ye Qingyu set down the scroll in his hand, looking deep in thought.

Tang Chong was one of the four main commanders of the White-robed Divine Guards, and along with Lin Yutang was seen as the right and left arm of Ren Puyang. Lin Yutang had been imprisoned, Tang Chong must be sitting very stable on the commander position, serving normally in the Human Race headquarters of the Domain Alliance without any changes. It was not surprising for him to know of Ye Qingyu’s return to Heaven Connect City, but strangely, why did he come find him in such a hurry.

What was going to happen?

“Please bring Commander Tang Chong in.”

Ye Qingyu put away the scroll on the table.

Soon Tang Chong, under the guidance of the Great Great Dragon Turtle Demon, hurried to the hidden chamber.

“I pay my respects to Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu.” With an anxious look, Tang Chong said, “I ask Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu to help out and save a loyal brother of the White-robed Divine Guards...”

Ye Qingyu pointed to the chair next to him, “Commander Tang Chong sit down first and speak, what’s going on?”

“The situation is urgent, I have no time to explain... The First Deputy Envoy had issued the order to arrest the former subordinates of Lin Yutang. He had captured and killed dozens of people already. These days, I have secretly hid away several brothers, but that hiding place had been found. The brothers are in danger now, please can Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu help out. Only you can save them now...” Tang Chong said in an incomparably anxious tone of voice——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

