Chapter 409:


The summer on the 110th year of the Empire was a period of time that no one of Heaven Wasteland Domain was willing to reminisce about.

Ever since it was established, the 110th year of the Empire received the most serious of challenges and provocation consecutively. The situation was worsening.

The beginning of summer.

It was firstly on the North Eastern frontlines of the Empire. The [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army that was guarding the North Eastern territories of the Empire, suffered the most grave loss it had ever since the army was founded for unknown reasons in the hands of the Brute Race of the White Mountain Black Water during their spring time offense.

The Vanguard of the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] was nearly annihilated. The commander of the Vanguard, Jia Zhengyang died in battle and the deputy commander Lin Xie disappeared. The Right Camp and the Left Camp also suffered similar heavily losses.

Once news of this was released, all races within Heaven Wasteland Domain was shaken.

This battle was without a doubt the battle with the most serious of losses ever since Snow Empire was founded and in all the battles and wars that the four main armies of the Empire ever had.

For a commander-class person like Jia Zhengyang to die in battle. In these last fifty years, there had never been such a matter happening apart from the incident when Yan Buhui betrayed the Ruman Race in Youyan Pass.

What was even more serious was that the loss of this battle caused the advantage that the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army towards the Brute Race of the White Mountain Black Water to completely evaporate. Apart from the main power of the army guarding the Mountain Sea Pass, the Stone Door Pass and the Behold Wave Pass that was two of the three passes in the North East was lost entirely. For the barrier in the North East to lose two of the three passes, that represented the [Ancient Berserk Army] of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race could bypass the Mountain Sea Pass any time they wished and invade directly. They could invade ito the Qingjiang Province, Taiping Province and Baiyin Province and slaughter human civilians as they pleased, and steal the wealth of humankind…

During this period, the people of the three great provinces in the North East was plunged into water and fire.

The [Whip of the Thunder Deity] became an army that could fall at any instant.

If not for the fact that the Mountain Sea Pass was the main pass in the North East, and that the empire had painstakingly laid their foundations there for a hundred years, under such an offence of the Brute Race, it was likely that the entire North Eastern army of the empire would be completely annihilated.

After such a heaven shaking matter happened in the North East, there was also an urgent military report coming from the south.

The Water Demon Army in the South broke the ceasefire agreement that the King of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court had agreed personally with the Right Minister. The [Treading Wave Army] met them in battle. Although they ultimately forced the seventy-two tribes of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court to retreat, but they also suffered heavy losses.

More than a third of the water warships of the [Treading Wave Army] was destroyed, and sixteen of the camps outside the main camp of the [Treading Wave Army] was erased. The defense system that had been painstakingly created over so many years had a hole broken through it that was irreparable in such a short time frame.

Furthermore, the main army of the Water Demon Race of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court was currently reforming, posing a significant threat.

There were numerous bodies of water in the provinces in the South, with rivers interconnecting together. The ice dissolved in the summer, causing the water level to surge. This was namely the season why flooding was the most serious. Once a hole was broken through in the [Treading Wave Army] camps on the water, this represented that the Demon Race in the water could depart from the Mist Sea. going against the current. They could go up the river and cause the great provinces in the South to become the playground of the Demon Race, and a place where human bones were buried.

And in the news in the latest month, such a situation was becoming more and more evident.

In the six main rivers of the South, there were water demons appearing that harmed and ate humans at any instant. They  struckships and destroyed harbours and water routes. Even military ships suffered attacks. At this period in time, the people in the South were all trembling with fear...

And the Brute Race of the Great Desert in the West, seemed to have colluded with the Brute Race of White Mountain Black Water as well as the Hurricane Wave Demon Court. They began launching a berserk offense towards the West Boulder Army on the Western borders of the Empire.

Thankfully, the West Boulder Army had made preparations beforehand. They did not lose any territory or barracks, but they were forced to stay near the mountain ranges, with no room to divert their attention.

Of the four main armies, only the Youyan army of Youyan Pass was fine. Because they had heavily injured the Snow Ground Demon Court during the Spring time offense, it made the Snow Ground Demon Race struggle to retaliate during the summer. Comparatively, Youyan Pass was much more peaceful.

In just this one month, the main alien races near the borders of the empire attacked at the same time. This sudden offensive heavily injured the main armies of the Empire. This was absolutely not coincidental. Evidently, there were signs that these races were colluding and working together .For the humans of Heaven Wasteland Domain and for Snow Empire, this was absolutely not positive news...

……

After finishing reciting this, Bao Shinu's face was still deadly serious.

Evidently, the situation of the Empire had taken a nosedive. This was especially so for the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army in the North East. It had suffered heavy losses, and the three great provinces in the North East was in a state of near total capitulation. Once the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race had gathered their forces and reformed, and they invaded, it was likely that in less than a month of time before they could directly strike at Snow Capital. The Mountain Sea Pass had became a city all alone, it would fall sooner or later...

"The [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army is the head of the four main armies of the Empire. It was created and supported by the only old commander Lord Li Guangbi. It has experienced thousands of battles, and it has always won more than it lost. It also has the advantage of the three main passes to defend against, and the mountain range of the Yan Mountain is an incomparably dangerous place. How could it have such a grievous loss?"

Ye Qingyu asked in confusion.

"This is also a point that many people cannot understand. But that is the truth." Bao Shinu shook his head with a bitter smile. "Because of the loss of the [Whip of the Thunder Deity] army, the internal conflicts and struggles of the Empire worsened rapidly. Old commander Li took responsibility and delegated power away, leaving the army. All sorts of factions are fighting in the open and behind the  background, the situation of the Crown Prince... is becoming more and more difficult."

Ye Qingyu frowned, his eyebrows locking together.

He had heard people say before that the old commander Li Guangbi, having had the highest prestige amongst the army, had once supported the Crown Prince and gone against the Right Minister. As the teacher of the War God of Youyan Pass, Lu Zhaoge, as one of the venerable elders of the military, him leaving his post meant that the Crown Prince had lost a great pillar of support. For his situation to deteriorate rapidly as a result of this was something expected.

No wonder the Crown Prince had sent Bao Shinu to him to enquire when he would come out from his isolation training.

This seemed like the situation where a haphazard treatment was given in an urgent situation.

He was the Lord of the Light Palace in name. Although he was in a special power position, but he could ultimately not truly be able to influence the situation of the Empire. Even if he could leave as he wished, he would not be able to give too much aid to the Crown Prince.

Ye Qingyu tried to order his thoughts regarding the current situation of the Empire, but he still had no clues whatsoever.

For such great matters involving the military and the empire, as a young master that originated from a commoner family in a small city, this was far too complicated. Ye Qingyu was clear in his heart that his personal martial power could handle battle. But in terms of strategy and planning, this was not his speciality.

For someone's personal power alone to affect the situation of the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, this was something only the unparalleled War God in the legends had been able to do after the Snow Empire was founded.

With Ye Qingyu's current martial strength, there was still far, far too great a distance between him and that invisible War God.

But more importantly, Ye Qingyu sensed that this was not the time for the internal factions to fight and struggle over power. If all the major factions did not stand united, the situation would most likely continue to worsen. The empire had the possibility of falling at any moment.

"Has the Snow Emperor not shown himself?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Bao Shinu shook his head.

There was another matter that appeared in Ye Qingyu's mind. "What about the sects? Are they doing anything?"

There was hint of pride that appeared slightly on Bao Shinu's face at this time. "The sects are much more stable comparatively. There is the Martial Madman, Hu Yu from the Imperial Gongfeng looking after things as well as the Thunder Army that is specially held within the city to suppress the power of the sects. The people of the Jianghu do not dare to act recklessly in this period of time, but if the situation continues on in the borders of the empire, then it is hard to say."

Ye Qingyu understood what he meant.

As the saying goes, foreign aggression, internal disorder. If foreign disorder persisted for a long period of time, internal disorder would naturally be born.

Furthermore, the internal disorder of the Snow Empire had long existed before this.

After conversing for a while, Bao Shinu left with a disappointed face and bade his farewell.

"A chaotic time is about to arrive, and the situation is rapidly deteriorating. You are a peerless genius, I hope that you can come out as soon as you can from the [Light Palace], and do your part for the empire." He cupped his hands, then turned and left.

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say right now in response to this.

As someone from the military, Ye Qingyu did not lack for the courage and passion to charge into the battlefield to protect his county. But this damned [Light Palace] had trapped him completely here, there was no way of departing.

Bao Shinu walked forward for a few steps, then suddenly thought of something. He turned to look at Ye Qingyu, somewhat hesitant but ultimately stating: "[Flowing Light] has perished."

Ye Qingyu was taken aback slightly, then utterly shocked. Losing his composure: "What? You said..."

"In the battle of the Mountain Sea Pass, [Flowing Light] and [Avalanche] as well as twenty carefully selected scouts were carrying out a special mission in the North East. They just happened to coincide. They killed ten might warriors of the Brute Race, and delayed the [White Mountain Camp], which is a thousand person tribe, for a day. Because of this, the Mountain Sea Pass gained enough time to prepare their defenses. The twenty heroic scouts under [Flowing Light's] command died in battle. After [Flowing Light] returned to the Mountain Sea Pass, he died from heavy injuries sustained in such a battle.”

There was regret in Bao Shinu's voice.

As he finished, he turned to leave.

Ye Qingyu's body quivered, as he lost his focus.

[Flowing Light] was one of the movers and shakers of the eighteen young experts within the army. He had long pale yellow hair, and specialized in speed. He was one of the most lively people within the young experts, and had a bright personality, causing Ye Qingyu to have an exceedingly good relationship with him.

These eighteen young experts were all looked favourably upon, and were treated as the future martial stars of the empire.

Who would have thought...

… that war would be as cruel as this.

In but a half a year of time, it was farewell for eternity.

Ye Qingyu was both shocked and sorrowful.

He did not have many friends, but [Flowing Light] was definitely one of them.

At that time, Ye Qingyu had looked very favourably upon the martial talent of [Flowing Light]. If he could completely grow up to his full potential, this long pale yellow-haired youth absolutely had the talent to become one of the huge figures of the military in the future. But right now...

Bleeding had already begun.

Ye Qingyu stood there dumbly for an unknown period of time. When he recovered his focus, Bao Shinu had already left a very long time ago.

"Instructor Bao Shinu is right. I cannot always remain here, I must think of a way to depart."

Such a mad thought began growing and taking root within Ye Qingyu's heart.

That night, he did not cultivate.

He order people to bring incense and paper money and create an altar near the edge of the Fire Tree forest, burning incense for [Flowing Light].

Under the moonlight, Ye Qingyu returned to the stone palace. He did not begin to cultivate for a long time, but sat there silently on the stone chair. After thinking for a long time, he said in an enquiring tone, "I really want to leave. What methods do you have?"

A short period of silence.

Then the voice of the Spirit monkey that had disappeared, sounded once again---

"Unless you can control the [Divine Sword of Light]."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 410:


Control the [Divine Sword of Light]?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

"Is this some secret manual of the Sword Dao?" Ye Qingyu enquired.

"That's not it." the voice of the Spirit Monkey sounded out. "Do you still remember the situation when you first sat on the jade stone chair? The [Divine Sword of Light] shot towards the heavens, this is the power of the [Divine Sword of Light]. If you can completely control that power, perhaps you will have the ability to protect yourself..."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu fell somewhat silent.

He understood.

The so called [Divine Sword of Light] was not some secret technique of the Sword Dao, nor was it some divine weapon. It was that pillar of light that had shot towards the sky, the power that was like a divine sword.

Even a Heaven Ascension stage expert, may not possess such a power?

Ye Qingyu knew the speed of his cultivation was shocking, but for him to enter into the Heaven Ascension stage... fine, this condition was even harder to attain than what the Spirit Monkey had just mentioned.

"Hehe, I know what you're thinking of, but you're really overthinking it. I did not say you have to enter into the Heaven Ascension stage..." There was teasing and mockery that was completely undisguised within the voice of the Spirit Monkey. "I mean, that if you are able to control the power of the formation array in the stone palace, you can borrow the energy of the Earth Fire pit. For a short period, you will have the power to protect yourself. I can promise you, for a set period of time, I will let you leave the [Light Palace]."

Power of the formations?

Ye Qingyu somewhat understood.

He did not pay attention to the teasing within the opposing party, but instead said seriously, "Please teach me, elder."

The voice of the Spirit Monkey fell silent for a brief moment, then sound again. It grumbled, "You really are uninteresting, you don't even throw a temper. Fine, for the sake of that person, I'll tell you just what kind of power is contained within the [Light Palace], and why everyone in Heaven Wasteland Domain is apprehensive of this place..."

……

……

In the following period of time, Ye Qingyu split his time into three.

The first was yuan qi cultivation. He used it to firm up his foundations of the Bitter Sea River stage.

The second was to give advice and teachings for the cultivation of Bai Yuanxing and the others.

The third was to begin to learn and understand the formation arrays under the advice and teaching of the voice of the Spirit Monkey.

As for the other assorted matters of the [Light Palace], Ye Qingyu placed an order that Ximen Yeshui, Wen Wan and Gao Han were to discuss and decide for themselves. The first two fellows were too strange, but Gao Han was honest and venerable. He was worthy to be trusted. With Gao Han controlling them, Ximen Yeshui and Wen Wan should not cause any great trouble.

Of course, the most important matter was that there wasn't really anything important that the [Light Palace] had to go take care of.

They were an entity that had remain lifeless for near a hundred years. People had nearly even forgotten the existence of this place. There was no way their previous duty could be enacted upon anymore. The only ability remaining seemed to be their ability to obtain wages from the Imperial family every month.

The patience of Liu Jingyan and the other Envoys of Light were nearly completely extinguished.

Yang Henshui once again returned to his previous state, studying blade techniques and battle techniques every day. Li Changheng would still carry his wine gourd and sneak out, but the majority of the time he would be accompanied by Ximen Yeshui. They would go, arms on each other soldiers, as they went to the brothels in the capital. One person was because they lusted after the flourishment of the world, the other was because his heart was broken. They shared the same language...

Wen Wan still could not be seen for most of the day, and according to the rumours, he spent his day in the capital searching for delicious delicacies.

After Wen Wan returned to the City of Light, he would fight a battle with Yan Hengshui until they were both completely bruised and swollen in the face. They both had their victories and losses. They fought so much that even the big fatty military officer would bring his gambling soldiers and bet on who would win. After all, this was even more interesting than wagering on the battles within the soldiers in the camp.

There was only Gao Han who was careful and conscientious. He deeply feared betraying Ye Qingyu's trust, but did not know what to do.

In the blink of an eye, a month had passed by.

At the end of the month, there was a torrential rainstorm.

On the sunset of the day that the rain stopped, the little Princess Yu Xiaoxing that had not been seen for a long time, descended. She discussed matters with Ye Qingyu for just under a half an hour, with the majority being cluttered, scattered news. The reason this little girl had not appeared during this period of time was because she had followed her Aunt, Princess Chang, as the latter travelled throughout the major provinces. She had only arrived back three days ago. Yu Xiaoxing was naturally extremely aware of the current situation...

"Quick, quick, quick, call me Princess," Yu Xiaoxing cried.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat nonplussed. "Why do you like others calling you Princess so much? Are you addicted to being a princess?"

Yu Xiaoxing had a gaze of disdain as she looked towards Ye Qingyu. "What do you know. With the current precarious situation, perhaps it will be little more than a year before not only am I not a Princess, but I will be forced to flee for my life. A fallen phoenix cannot even be compared to a chicken. Since right now I am still a true and real Princess, I'll make you call me a Princess more as there might not be a chance to in the future.”

Ye Qingyu bit his teeth. "As a member of the Imperial family, isn't your perspective too negative? If this was to spread out, wouldn’t it perhaps have a negative impact? The Empire was founded for a hundred years, it must have accumulated an extremely deep foundation. Right now, the situation is a bit tense, but it still hasn't reached the stage of no return, right?"

"Your stupid, the empire has prepared for a hundred years, but the enemies have also prepared for a hundred years. The Hurricane Wave Demon Court, Snow Ground Demon Court, just which of them are an entity that has not existed for countless years . The Brute Race in the North East and North West cannot be discounted, and right now, they have also received the support from some secret ancient sects. The situation of the empire right now can be described as a storm coming from all sides, with enemies coming all at once. This time, they have attacked our four borders, with signs that the Brute Race and the Demon Race are uniting together. This is absolutely not a normal war, it seems that the races have already been preparing for this for a very long time." Yu Xiaoxing had a worried expression, as she said with a frown, "Furthermore, Aunt said this may involve some interference from the powers outside this domain!”

"Powers outside our domain?" Ye Qingyu was shocked. "A power that is outside of Heaven Wasteland Domain?"

Yu Xiaoxing nodded her head.

Hearing of this, Ye Qingyu suddenly faintly understood the importance of the current situation of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He still wanted to say something, but Yu Xiaoxing changed the subject, diverting the matter to something else.

She had gone to Youyan Pass last month, and largely recounted the situation of the Youyan Pass right now. She especially mentioned the situation of Liu Zongyuan, Ye Congyun and what happened to them. After Ye Congyun left, Liu Zongyuan was heavily trusted by Liu Siufeng, and Ye Congyun also soared straight to the heavens. His power and status rocketed highly, and he could be counted as a star amongst Youyan Pass right now.

"Since the situation of the Empire is like so, have you not thought of doing something?" Ye Qingyu asked. "With your talent and cultivation, as well as your special position, there must be many things you can do, no?"

"You really overestimate me." Yu Xiaoxing smiled. "You have such confidence in me, I am only a girl, the older generation doesn't really regard me as important. I can... only give it my best."

Her words were somewhat helpless.

After they conversed for a while, Yu Xiaoxing left crisply.

Ye Qingyu could tell that this girl really had something that concerned her. She wanted to converse with someone, not only because she wanted to vent, she just wanted someone to talk to.

Could the situation of the Empire really have worsened to such an extent?

Ye Qingyu sat by the stone palace foundation, then returned to the stone palace, continuing to cultivate.

In the next half a month, there were strange light glimmers constantly coming out from the [Light Palace]. But the time it continued for was not long. One night, there was a surge of glorious silver glimmers coming from the skywell, reaching halfway up the sky. There were faint signs of the [Divine Sword of Light] cutting apart the skies that occurred that day. But this could barely sustain for an instant before it completely dispersed...

The complexities of the formation arrays in the [Light Palace] far exceeded Ye Qingyu's imagination.

Even with the teaching and guidance of the Spirit Monkey, even with the extreme understanding of Ye Qingyu, he still had no way of completely grasping it. As his consciousness entered into the lines of the formation arrays inside the stone palace, he instantly felt like he had entered into the sea or the ocean. He would instantly become lost and would even be made dizzy and woozy from the strikes of the waves on the ocean...

Night.

The moon was like water.

Ye Qingyu sat on the stone chair, slowly opening his eyes. As his focus returned, he let out a long breath of air.

"This still won't do..." Seeing the flickering patterns on the ground, Ye Qingyu was completely clueless. The complexity of the formation created by the path of the little silver snake far exceeded his initial imagination. Ye Qingyu had absolutely no way of finding out the order of the labyrinth like lines anymore...

His mind tried to recall the path the silver snake had taken, but he had been enwrapped in silver flames. Shocked at his strange state, he did not pay attention to the route the silver snake took at the very beginning. Even if his memory was extreme, but he did not pay attention then so his memories were of no use.

"If the silver snake was still there, and crawled the path once again, perhaps that would give me some true insight." Ye Qingyu sighed with regret. It was a pity that the little silver snake had been eaten by Little Silver.

However, when such a thought occurred to Ye Qingyu, the little silver dragon that had turned to a silver hairpin acted as if their hearts were connected. With a faint flash, it turned into a strange silver light that flew down from his hair. It landed on the ground and began crawling with an extremely slow pace.

"En?"

With shock, Ye Qingyu carefully inspected and discovered that the path the little silver dragon took, was namely the lines of the formation array of the stone palace. It seemed to be exactly the same path the silver snake had left behind.

"Heavens!"

The sound of the extremely shocked voice of the Spirit Monkey sounded out once again.

The shock in it’s voice was exactly the same as that tiny silver snake was swallowed by the little silver dragon.

But Ye Qingyu already could not pay any attention to it. He began focusing and examining the path the little silver dragon took.

After only several glances, Ye Qingyu could instantly be sure that the path it took was namely recreating the formation array. Looking at it again right now with a clear view caused Ye Qingyu to instantly be able to find the eye of the formation as well as the path it took. The confusions and mysteries that had previously puzzle him were instantly gone.

No matter how many times the Spirit Monkey taught him, he had not understood the mysteries of the formation.

The things that the Spirit Monkey taught were really just the outer edges and not the most central part.

Ye Qingyu felt like he was being immersed with knowledge.

His gaze followed the path of the little silver dragon, while his consciousness immersed itself within the formation array. The scenery before him suddenly changed, the stone palace disappearing. His entire person seemed to be amongst the stars, the milky way glimmering and bright. A divine sword of light, was in front of his hands next to the stars...

The [Divine Sword of Light]!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 411:


In the next couple of days, the silver light released from within the [Light Palace] became much more frequent.

A silver radiance like that of moonlight encircled around the entire stone palace during the night but not releasing. Every time it would last for a brief moment, before gradually disappearing.

Such a strange scene attracted the attention of many people.

But Ye Qingyu still had no way of departing from the [Light Palace].

In the blink of an eye, another month had passed by.

It was already the end of summer.

Gao Han would still report on the news that he had gathered regarding matters occurring outside and inside the empire. He would come to report every morning as Ye Qingyu gave advice on the cultivation of Bai Yuanxing and the others. Although it was not very detailed, but it was still enough to allow Ye Qingyu to understand what was currently occurring outside.

It was the same as many peoples worst expectations. The army of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race ultimately was able to pass through the Mountain Sea Pass and invade straight through. In one go, it had reached the heart of the three great provinces of the North East.

After losing the restriction of the ground of the pass, after losing the aid of the experienced [Whip of the Thunder Deity] that had longed battled with the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, the situation turned for the worse. The troops of the three major provinces had not experienced battle and had long been used to idleness. Although they had previously been gathered and trained, but they were still not the opponents of the soldiers of the Brute Race. They could not even be compared to a rabble, nearly collapsing at the sign of a first contact. In an instant, they had invaded over a thousand miles. Without even time for the second wave of military reinforcements from the Empire to come, they had already lost over seventy percent of the territory of the great regions.

The normal state of the peace caused the army of the empire, apart from the major armies who were stationed at the borders and constantly fought with the outside enemies, to become unprepared. It had caused the soldiers of the great cities, the provincial troops to lose their sense of cautiousness. Their discipline was a mess, and leadership was not clear. The previous iron bloodedness when Snow Empire was founded was already lost, they basically had no battle ability.

The current situation of the three great provinces in the North East was like fire and water.

Countless people of the Human Race were slaughtered, forced into slavery or eaten. Either they were killed and eaten, or they were sent deep within the White Mountain Black Water to be an eternal slave, living a state of life worse than death...

According to the news coming from the flying patrolling ships of the empire, as they surveyed from high above, the originally rich and wealthy three great provinces were now just pure earth for tens of thousands miles. Bones lay in the wild, blood seeped into the water, and less than fifty cities remained out of hundreds of major human cities under the constant invasion of the Brute Race. And these cities could fall at any moment.

The important figures of the empire argued for over three months of time, before finally reaching an agreement to form reinforcements. They had only just began heading towards the three great provinces.

Apart from the matters in the North East, the matters on the North West as well as the South were also a complete defeat.

The humongous entity that was the Snow Empire that had ran rampant over Heaven Wasteland Domain was the most wealthy and glorious area for a hundred years. However it seemed to become unbelievably weak and fragile in the passing of a single night. Previously, it had suppressed the alien races from all sides so much that they could not breathe, but right now, it was Snow Empire itself which could not catch its breath without needing for anyone to bully it.

Gao Han reported back to Ye Qingyu everyday with information from all directions. At the beginning, he was somewhat normal, but in the later stages, his expression became more and more serious. When he mentioned the other races, there was a coldness emitting from his teeth that was like real, his face a complete expression of someone who could not wait to rush to the  battlefield to do battle.

Ye Qingyu was also of such a temperament.

But very evidently, under such a situation that was like a flood, if one was not an Extreme Level expert, the power of an individual person would not be able to alter the flow.

In the blink of an eye, another three months passed by.

The time neared the end of autumn.

For the entire empire, this was unquestionably an incomparably hard year.

The three great provinces in the North East had basically fallen.

The second wave of reinforcements sent out by the military department of the empire had been completely lost in the battle of the Huge Dragon Valley. They had lost the power of millions of troops, with the death of thousands of Bitter Sea stage experts .Three Imperial Gongfengs died in battle, and tens of Dragon class warships were lost. there were also the countless losses of normal airships, military resources and military tools…

The [Berserk Horned Army] that consisted of the elite troops of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race moved with irresistible force. They were less than ten thousand miles away from the capital.

In the south.

As the torrential rainstorms of spring and summer came, the water level of the south rapidly rose. This was extremely suited for the activities of the Water Demon army. The water demons of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court madly attacked. When it was autumn, the camps above water of the water army of the military had already been largely destroyed. Their lines were forced to retreat a hundred thousand miles backward, with the vanguard of the water army even unable to maintain its organizational structure due to the losses it had sustained. It's battle power had been cut in half. Although there were reinforcements, but these were inexperienced soldiers, so they could not reverse the tides when facing the attack of the Water Demon army.

The situation in the North West and North were also exactly like so.

It was as if the major races had reached some sort of agreement beforehand. They began madly attacking without paying attention to the consequences. They purely relied on the advantage of numbers, to wear down the armies of the Human Race. Even the elite troops of the West Boulder Army were also being worn down by this and forced to retreat.

Only the Youyan army of the Youyan Pass was like a steel wall. It completely forced the army of the Snow Ground Demon Court to be where it was, firmly controlling Youyan Pass.

But this did not have too great an effect.

The White Mountain Black Water which had entered deep into human territory was not as stupid as the Human Race had imagined. They began displaying extremely high military strategy. They began coordinating with other parties, and formed a branch of Brute army that faintly seemed to head towards the direction of Youyan Pass to form an offensive.

In this period of time, everyone within the Empire was fearful.

Even in the world of the sects, there were all sorts of turbulence brewing.

Heroes were born from times of turmoil.

As the Human Race was placed into danger, the names of countless people began flickering in the skies of history. Some were experts that were already famous officers, while some where characters that had never been heard of or seen before. They displayed a peerless radiance, giving the citizens of the Human Race courage and hope.

The Dragon Saint Child of the Dragon Tiger Sect went deep into the South Water Demon area and killed eighteen famous Water Demon commanders...

The successor of the Matchless Blade City, Qin Zhishui, killed two Brute Race officers that were competing as to who would be the first to kill ten thousand humans amongst an army of millions. He hung their heads upon the flag of the Brute army, then left unharmed...

In the Green Cloud City, a minor officer that had been previously unnoticed, in a battle to guard the city, with a throw of his spear from a distance of thousands of meters, managed to pierce the main commander of the Brute army onto the back of the battle beasts. The name of the [Piecing Spear Immortal] Yue Lei, began resounding through the North East provinces...

The Guerilla warfare officer of the Vanguard in Youyan Pass, Liu Zongyuan, consecutively fought and killed sixty-seven famed demon officers. The name of the [Demon Butcher] began resounding throughout the entire Snow Ground Demon Court.

As the young commander of the Youyan Pass, Ye Congyun led the army personally from the Youyan mountains. They entered deep into demon territory, and destroyed camps that had been set up by the Demon Race for eight hundred miles, killing two Princes of the Snow Ground Demon Court. They managed to rout the elite scouts the [Snow Wolves Platoon] that was famed in the Snow Ground Demon Court. They ran rampant for tens of days, before miraculously returning to Youyan Pass.

The [Silver Eagle] was like the wind of the  [Thirteen Bloody Eagles] of the Right Minister. He entered deep within the desert and managed to assassinate a scum of the sects that had betrayed the Human Race amongst the Brute Race of the deserts and bring his head back. He hung hiss head on the western gate of the capital, causing those who had intentions of betraying the Human Race to shiver in fear...

The iron bloodedness and scorching fire of warfare was enough to cause heroics to be invoked to its extreme.

It was not only the Human Race where a large group of heroes and genius experts that began appearing. Amongst the Demon Race and Brute Race, there were also some startling geniuses that began to appear.

The [Little Brute King] of the Brute Race of the desert, Gu Zhen, the successor of the number one martial holy place of the great desert, the [Western Divine Palace], known as the [Berserk Dragon of the Desert], Xin Rulong...

The four little demon kings of the Southern Water Demon Race, [Golden Scaled King], [Purple Lightning King], [Gigantic Power King], as well as the [Burrowing Ground King]...

Zhang Jinsan, the leader of the army of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, the [Berserk Horned Army]. The successor of the [Eastern Divine Palace], Ye Feifei...

These were all excellent prodigies that rose from the younger generation. They were like the most resplendent stars in the night sky that could attract the gaze of the entire world. There were many people of the Demon Race and experts of the Brute Race that had been famous for a long time already. They demonstrated their terrifying power and ability in battle, and caused the conflict that had already been dragged out for half a year to become even more terrifying.

The thing that people did not understand was that the Snow Emperor was still in closed isolation training, as if he did not care about the outside world at all.

In this half a year, the majority of military matters was still discussed and enacted upon by the Left Minister, the Right Minister, the military department as well as the Crown Prince.  But the great factions ultimately could not unite together and cooperate. This caused the reaction of the military to become very dull…

……

Dawn.

A faint mist, covered the entire capital under a thin sheet.

"In other words, the empire is really looking to discuss a peace treaty with them?" After Ye Qingyu heard Gao Han's report, he was somewhat surprised. Under the situation where the forces of the alien races were like a mighty dragon, in less than a year, the empire had already lost a third of its territories. And they seemed to have no way of retaliating whatsoever.

"It seems like so. This morning, the four peace ambassadors have already left the capital. I guess further news will come soon..." Gao Han's voice, was somewhat down.

Who would have thought that the Snow Empire that had run rampant throughout Heaven Wasteland Domain would have such a day. For them to be humiliated to such a degree that they could not help but beg for negotiation from the alien races.

A peace treaty, what it represented was pure and unadulterated humiliation.

Was this truly the method that those important people of the capital had discussed to solve the predicament of the empire?

As a martial expert, Gao Han evidently did not agree with such a method.

Ye Qingyu also did not agree.

But this matter was not for them to decide.

"Lord, I..." Gao Han suppressed his urge several times, but ultimately lifted his head, about to say something.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand, shaking his head. " I know what you are going to say. But right now is not the time. Even if you charge to the front lines, you cannot solve anything. the power of an individual person is limited after all. Wait a little longer..."

Gao Han opened his mouth, wanting to say something more.

If not for the fact that he had been appointed and become an Envoy of Light of the [Light Palace], Gao Han would have long acted like the Dragon Saint Child of the Dragon Tiger Sect and Qin Zhishui, the [Matchless Blade King]. He would have killed his way to the front lines. Even if he could not change the overall situation, but as long as he killed a demon, as long as he cut down a brute soldier, he could have been said to have done his part for the empire.

"A generation of heroes unsheathing their swords is the tribulation of ten years for all life."

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh.

He rose, coming to before the stone palace. His gaze was unfocused, staring past the city walls, as if he could see the mountains and rivers thousands of miles away.

"Wait a little more. Perhaps very quickly, this matter will turn around."

Ye Qingyu said bit by bit, his tone unprecedentedly determined.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 412:


After the envoys left, the news asking for peace, from some channel or another, was found out by the people of the capital.

The people were instantly plunged into humongous rage.

There were millions upon millions of troops stationed in the capital, and they could be known as the elite of the empire. Why were troops not sent to strike at the Brute Race and the Demon Race?

……

“Why does the Capital not send troops to strike at the other races?"

As Wen Wan ate a bowl of noodles, he looked at the dark Ximen Yeshui in front of him with a cold laugh. "Those old figures of the empire, they care about balance the most when they do things. After the careful efforts of all the major factions, the military power is finally balanced. Sending troops? Send the troops of what faction? As long as troops are sent, this equilibrium will be broken. At that time, the weakened party will never be able to recover. Unless the time has gotten truly desperate, there will be no one that is truly willing to selflessly give over control of the military power they grasped to strike at the other races.”

Ximen Yeshui was made speechless.

He did not imagine that this was the true reason.

After being taken aback for a long time, Ximen Yeshui could only curse, “This... what kind of craziness is this? What times are these, that there still will be internal struggles."

"The current empire is completely deprecated from the outside to the inside," Wen Wan said calmly, and then gave a look of disdain towards Ximen Yeshui, "There's no point in speaking such to you, you won't understand.“

This made Ximen Yeshui so angry that his teeth hurt.

Thankfully, Li Changheng had come to pay a greeting, then dragged Ximen Yeshui to a brothel.

After Wen Wan finished his bowl of noodles, he went to find Yang Henshui to fight.

Only Dai Youmeng and Liu Jingyan were still waiting outside the fire forest, waiting for any signs of their Lord, expressing their loyalty.

……

Within the stone palace.

Ye Qingyu stood where he was, his consciousness immersed into the stone palace formation.

The little silver dragon had, time and time again, crawled out the path of the formation array. Because it had four little legs as well as it understanding Ye Qingyu's will and heart completely, so the speed it crawled could be fast or slow. It allowed Ye Qingyu to understand the formation within the stone palace to the greatest extent.

"No wonder that the Spirit Monkey had spoken so much, but I was still not able to completely comprehend it. That thing is someone who isn't even fully knowledgeable in it, so the things it says may not be entirely correct. He really is misleading others."

Ye Qingyu began to understand.

When the little silver dragon finally crawled out the last line of the formation array in the stone palace, Ye Qingyu's consciousness retreated like a flood. At that instant, the surrounding stars and starlight swirled around and suddenly disappeared.

A meshed map gradually unfurled infront of Ye Qingyu, spreading towards all corners.

"This is..."

He lowered his head, and discovered within him, himself being the center, the ground of the inside of the [Light Palace] as it began fluctuating like quicksilver.  The ground within ten meters began changing and transforming, some places rose high, while others sunk down. It was as if there were countless invisible blades currently sculpting at something...

In but a few moments time.

A miniature sand sculpture map of the capital began appearing beside Ye Qingyu.

The silver light was like floating silver that flickered indistinctly, compeltely protecting and surrounding this map. Ye Qingyu carefully examined it, and was surprised to discover there was tight and clustered little figures, they were namely the shadows of the crowd.

It was not only on the streets. Even in some households, buildings, and restaurants, there were faint human shaped figures moving.

Ye Qingyu's gaze followed along some familiar buildings, and gradually discovered the location of the [Light Palace].

Within the City of Light, there were also figures moving.

The camp of the soldiers...

the third area...

the fire tree forest...

Were those the figures of Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng?

As well as the figures of Bai Yuanxing and the other three cultivating...

“This... is perhaps too miraculous?" Looking downwards, Ye Qingyu felt this was far too mysterious. Could it be these shadowy figures represented the people within the capital? In other words, this light projection that was like a sand sculpture was able to capture everyone within the capital in it?

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu very quickly discovered something peculiar---

The figures representing Dai Youmeng and Liu Jingyan, compared to Bai Yuanxing and the others were much more clearer, and there was faint light flickering around them. Did this represent...

Ye Qingyu instantly realized something.

The figures that were clearer were people with higher cultivation.

Like those normal people without much cultivation, they would not even have facial features, and were just faint shadows.

“Eh? You little brat, you've really managed to really make the [Universe Map] appear?” The voice of the Spirit Monkey that had disappeared once again appeared, his tone containing surprise, "Well done, you little brat, I really didn't misjudge you.”

Ye Qingyu  grunted, cursing at the fact that someone who had mistaught him because he only knew a little bit was shameless enough to say such a thing. But of course, he could not really utter such words, but changed the subject instead, "Elder, just what is this [Universe Map]?"

"It is an absolute treasure. When it is activated, it can even reflect the sun, moon and stars within it. The formation sand sculpture in front of you is only one of the features of this [Universe Map]. On the formation map, every scenery within the capital, every building, every lifeform will be shown on it. The formation sand sculpture in front of you right now is exactly the same as the capital. You do not need to go everywhere, but it contains the whole universe. The thing that you are regarding is the [Universe Map]."

The voice of the Spirit Monkey sounded.

This confirmed Ye Qingyu's previous conjecture.

"It really is an absolute treasure..." Ye Qingyu sighed in admiration. However, when he carefully inspected, he discovered some areas of the [Universe Map] were completely dim, with no shadows at all. And there was not just one of such areas. When one carefully compared it, one could already determine that these dim and dark areas were namely the great building of the military, the Imperial Palace, the Imperial Ancestral Land, the Residence of the Right Minister and others of such."

"Your strength is still far too low. Even if you have such a sacred treasure, you cannot observe everything within the capital. Those places where it is tightly guarded, with great formations protecting it, it is hard for outside power to penetrate. And there are also some places with terrifyingly strong experts that you cannot view..." The spirit monkey said, demeaning Ye Qingyu's strength at the same time as explaining it to him. "This [Universe Map] is such a treasure, it can enwrap the entire world, even if it is the entire domain, it can receive it. Furthermore it has other mysteries that can shock the very heavens. Such an absolute treasure  can show the entire world. But in the hands of a little brat, it can only show a tiny little Snow Capital. It really is a bright pearl wasted in darkness."

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu, did not get angry. "Then can I please ask Elder, apart from the [Universe Map] being able to show the terrain and where people are, what other abilities and functions does it have?"

"Fine, seeing as you are sincerely asking questions, then I will show mercy and tell you. This [Universe Map] can also project a shade. As long as it is a location where the map shows, you can send one of your projections to that location..." the Spirit Monkey said lazily.

"A projection?" Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

"That's right. A clone with divided battle power, without any difference from your own body. You can use it to kill enemies, or use it to enjoy yourself... the main thing is that it must be an area that the [Universe Map] shines on, everything that is on the map you can go. And you can do whatever you like... hehe, but if your projection dies in battle, then this is no different from your own true body from dying in battle. If you want to depart from the Light Palace, you can do so right now. But you had best think it over. Going outside right now is no different from going out to die." As the Spirit Monkey spoke to the end, he did not seem to be willing to let Ye Qingyu depart and face danger.

"So it's like this... a projection? That's somewhat interesting. This way, I can disguise myself. Since it is a projection, it can naturally change its appearance. others will not know it is me, and those that want to kill me should not know it is me either?" Ye Qingyu asked probingly.

"You can try this yourself, I don't know." The Spirit Monkey evidently was not willing to discuss further details of this. "Furthermore, with your current strength, your projection will not be able to maintain for too long..."

"I know... then how do I control it?" Ye Qingyu was already somewhat impatient.

In truth, after being trapped in this stone palace for half a year, he was about to go crazy.

“How would I know?" The Spirit Monkey said matter of factly. "You try it yourself. I already said so much, I've already spoken all I know..."

Ye Qingyu: "..."

……

In the blink of an eye, ten days had passed.

The weather was colder day by day.

There was finally news that the envoys of peace sent out by the empire, had finally stabilized the Vanguards of the Demon Race and the Brute Race after painstaking efforts. The Brute Race of the desert and the Brute Race of the White Mountain Black Water agreed to discuss things with the Human Race. As for the Snow Ground Demon Court and the Hurricane Wave Demon Court, they also temporarily halted in battle.

After the passing of another few days, all sorts of news arrived.

There were ambassadors from the other races, that requested to see the Snow Emperor.

There were also people saying that the King of the Brute Race had sent people to ask for the Princess of the Empire for marriage. They wanted to firm up their agreement with a marriage, only if they did so would they agree to retreat their troops...

There was also news that the Demon Race asked for territory to be seceded to them. They wanted some gentle and wealthy territories for them to live in and nourish, becoming the territories of the Demon Race. They did not want to live and struggle in such bitter lands anymore.

The battle temporarily stopped.

But for Snow Empire, the situation did not turn around for the better much.

That was because such a situation did not truly represent that all the barriers towards peace had been destroyed. It furthermore did not signify, that the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain, would once again return to the flourishing state of their peak. This was more like wild beasts fighting and tearing each other apart. After it was tired from biting at each other, it needed to rest and store energy for the next time it hunted and killed.

Finally, on the first day that winter descended of this year, the ambassador from the North West Desert Brute Race arrived outside Snow Capital. After many layers of inspection, on the day that the last shred of sunlight shone down, they entered through the massive gate into the capital.

The descendant of the King of the Desert Brute Race, known as the [Little Brute King], rode a brute beast tha the desert specially had. After a hundred years, he became the first Brute Race that entered into the Snow Capital that belonged to the humans. The arrogant look of disdain and contempt was instantly imprinted upon all the Forbidden Army experts that were on duty.

The Brute Race, used such a haughty and arrogant attitude to enter into Snow Capital.

And the second day after the [Little Brute King] came to the capital, the Jin San, the genius expert of the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, also brought a group from the North East Brute Race, and strode into Snow Capital.

Then it was the [Little Demon Saint] that came from the Hurricane Wave Demon Court from the south...

Then it was the group that represented the Snow Ground Demon Court. And the person that led this group was the greatest traitor of the Human Race in a hundred years--- the great villain of this generation, Yan Buhui.

"When I was human, I had never entered into the capital. Who would have thought that today, I would come here under the escort of the Imperial Guard, under another identity...”

When Yan Buhui stepped past the main South gate, he could not help but say such words with sentiment.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

