Chapter 1313:


Chapter 1326 - FiftyYears

Ye Qingyu wanted to slay the Sky Emperor and root out the real problem.

He did not expect that the Immortal Empire would not find any trace of the Sky Emperor over the next fifty years, nor did they manage to find out where the sovereigns of the past who were loyal to the Sky Emperor were. It was as though the Sky Emperor and his cronies had completely vanished from the face of the earth. He even tried using his Light Emperor Detection Technique to track them down but to no avail.

Fifty years passed by in the blink of an eye in the Dark Realm.

For martial artists cultivating the martial way, fifty years felt like the blink of an eye.

However, the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm underwent significant changes over those fifty years.

The power of the ancient earth civilization rapidly developed with the support of Ye Qingyu—this was especially true in terms of the weaponry developed from the earth's civilization techniques, which were constantly evolving at the speed of light. The Earth Province and Fire Province were now the origin of the earth's civilization and all sorts of new weaponry were constantly being sent from these provinces to the military.

The new army of the Immortal Empire in the Dark Realm slowly took shape. They had left the Great Wall on many occasions to battle the Invaders and had achieved stunning results. Ye Qingyu had also fully gained control over the Alliance of Domains of the Vast Thousand Domains, while the Heaven Wasteland Domain continued its meteoric rise, and the weapons crafted from the Earth's technology reigned supreme.

The Immortal Empire became very influential.

The battle outside the Great Wall never stopped.

Over the past fifty years, the Invaders had not stopped their attacks against the Immortal Empire and they showed no signs of stopping. The Invaders started by fielding cannon-fodder fifty years ago, but now, Quasi-emperor level Invaders were often sighted on the battlefield, so the overall scale of the battle had intensified.

However, the threat that they posed to the civilization of the martial way had diminished.

The reform and reorganization that Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu had forced upon the Immortal Empire's army had paid off. They were now able to head out of the city to battle the Invaders as equals, and they had even managed to pull off remarkable military exploits after the troops went as far as dozens of thousands kilometers deep into the Chaos district. On several occasions, they also managed to push the battleline back several thousand kilometers.

Billions of Invaders had perished on the land toward the western part of the Great Wall over the past fifty years.

However, the Immortal Empire also had its share of casualties.

White bones piled up like mountains, which resembled snow-capped mountains from a distance. The rivers had been dyed completely red a long time ago, and even the clouds that hung in the sky above the battlefield were tinted bright red.

The area spanning ten thousand kilometers from the western part of the Great Wall had become the land of the dead.

Battle drums were constantly heard booming in the distance and the military flags fluttered in the wind like dragons.

No matter how many Invaders were slain, there were always more of them, and the blood of the heroes was constantly shed out on the battlefield.

The battle continued unceasingly.

However, to the east of the Great Wall, the Dark Realm and the Vast Thousand Domains had entered a peaceful and golden age.

The new Guardan Royal City had taken over command of the ten main battalions, including the new armies of Fire Province and Earth Province. So Ye Qingyu had more than twenty million elite soldiers under him just in the Dark Realm alone, and if he were to include his forces in the Vast Thousand Domains, including the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Dragon Human Empire, and the other major domains, he would have an army of several hundred million. It wasn't an exaggeration to claim that the Immortal Empire had reached a glorious stage that couldn't be equaled by anyone, both in the past and in the future.

The five divine generals and the spirit monkey battle pet Sun Wukong had to admit that the Immortal Empire was starting to show shades of the Divine Light Court at its peak.

But there was no record of Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu battling over the past fifty years.

It was as though no one was worthy of being attacked by him.

No one knew how much more powerful Ye Qingyu had become over the past fifty years, but everyone was absolutely sure that after fifty years, the Great Emperor Ye Qingyu was undeniably the most powerful person in the world. Even as time passed and the abundance of spiritual qi in the word surged resulting in the emergence of many famous and peerless talents, there wasn't a single person who dared to challenge the Great Emperor Ye Qingyu.

Great Emperor Ye Qingyu seemed to be like a divine god who lived high above in the Nine Heavens, looking down on and ruling over the entire world.

Many prodigies emerged from the Immortal Empire.

The Emperor of Darkness, Song Xiaojun, and the Empress of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, Yu Xiaoxing, emerged as the most remarkable ladies of their time. These two unsurpassed beauties had hundreds of heroic and outstanding men worshipping at their feet. It was hard to imagine that these two remarkable ladies could emerge from the same generation. Many people were curious to know more about the love stories between these two women and the Great Emperor Ye Qingyu, but unfortunately, there was nothing to back these rumors up.

Empress Shui Xiu had gone into seclusion but the upper echelons of the empire and the Guardan Royal City all knew about her existence. Shui Xiu had always treated Ye Qingyu like her master and she had indeed learned a lot from him. Many people were secretly astounded by how powerful she was, and this was also a testament of Ye Qingyu's current cultivation.

The empress had always remained in the Snow Capital, the imperial city of the Heaven Wasteland Empire, over the past fifty years, and kept a low profile.

Gu Ming from the Seven Fingers Race also joined the Heaven Wasteland Empire. He held a high position within the military headquarters and completely transformed these military men, who once used to be addicted to gambling. At the same time, he was working hard to revive the Seven Fingers Race and fortunately, his efforts paid off and he found a child who was part of the Seven Fingers Race's bloodline. The child had probably been separated from the rest of the race, so this was definitely good news to both Shui Xiu and Ge Ming since it meant that the Seven Fingers Race would be able to live on.

Ever since Ye Qingyu created countless spatial corridors that connected the Dark Realm and the Vast Thousand Domains, these two different worlds were no longer completely cut-off from each other. Moreover, the arrival of spatial teleportation formations that were developed from a combination of both teleportation technologies from both the formation martial way and the Earth's civilization meant that trade between these two worlds started to flourish.

The Heaven Wasteland Empire was definitely safe now that Empress Shui Xiu stood guard over the empire and Ye Qingyu had reinstalled the defensive formations over the Snow Capital. So even if the Sky Emperor and his cronies were to stage a comeback, it would be impossible for them to break past the defenses of the empire within a short period of time.

Thus, there was no need for the five divine generals and the spirit monkey battle pet Sun Wukong to remain in the Snow Capital.

Talented men must not be kept idle, and thus, Ye Qingyu summoned them back to the military.

These men used to be peerless divine generals, and after countless reincarnation cycles, they were matchless in terms of individual abilities and directing military affairs. And so, they assumed six of the ten supreme commander positions that made up the main military strength of the Immortal Empire and became Ye Qingyu's trusted men.

Unfortunately, they used to be Martial Emperors in the past but they were unable to return to their peak strength. It was as though their strength had been sealed. They were probably as strong as the Martial Emperors of the past era, but there was still a small gap between their current strength and what they used to have.

There was also another supreme expert on the martial way, and that was none other than Yan Xingtian from the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect. He had opened a new Dao system in the Clear River Domain and overturned the traditional custom of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect that only allowed room for one successor in each generation to take in large amounts of disciples. His sect was now matchless within the Clear River Domain and his influence extended across the entire Vast Thousand Domains. After all, Yan Xingtian's cultivation was also extremely astounding.

The times had changed and talented men and women emerged from each generation.

Talented young men and women continued to emerge even while those from the older generation were still amongst the living.

Fifty years wasn't considered a long period of time to the experts of the formation martial way, and all of Ye Qingyu's acquaintances were still alive. Even Qin Lan and the others were flourishing because they were cultivating the martial way and had taken the pills that Ye Qingyu had given them to change their body constitution. Xiao Cao, Xiao Qing, and the other girls from the Ye residence also grew up to be female prodigies of the Heaven Wasteland Empire with many suitors.

The elderly doctor Li Shizhen continued to practice medicine and moved elusively throughout the domains. He was even occasionally spotted in the Dark Realm. His grand ambition was to taste all the herbs available before publishing his findings in a "Medical Classic" and combine the medical skills of both the formation martial way and the Earth's civilization to create a new medicinal doctrine.

Ye Qingyu was fully supportive of his plan and he supported him in whatever way he could.

The prodigies who used to compete with Ye Qingyu in the past were now creating legends of their own. The princess and the crown prince of Black Demon Abyss, the successor of the Dragon Tiger Sect of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the [Matchless Blade King] Qin Zhishui, Lin Baiyi, and the others were recognized as heroes in their own right.

The princess of Black Demon Abyss had also accompanied Ye Qingyu to the home of the Phoenix Race. After pouring through the classical records stored at the home of the Phoenix Race, he became more certain that he could revive the Celestial Phoenix Maiden. But he did not act immediately because Liu Shaji had yet to be fully resurrected at the Gate of Life and Death where the Ferryman of the Netherworld had been standing guard.

Ye Qingyu had gone back to visit on several occasions and saw that the tree was still giving life to the White Lotus Immortal Sword, and Liu Shaji's aura became more and more evident. Flowers had also started to bloom on the tree. According to the Ferryman of the Netherworld and Old Fish, there wasn't a problem with the process, but it would take time for Liu Shaji to be completely resurrected.

He wanted to use the same method and draw on the power from the parasol tree to resurrect the Celestial Phoenix Maiden after Liu Shaji had truly come back to life but he did not wish to undertake this risk before Liu Shaji was fully resurrected.

Ye Qingyu spent most of his time over the past fifty years standing guard over the Immortal Dojo in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

He planted a twig from the World Tree into the core spirit vein of the Sky Dragon Mountain Range. This spirit vein was almost dried up but it still contained some power. Thus, he hoped to be able to draw on this power to grow a tiny World Tree and use the vitality from the World Tree to transform and extend the lifespan of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

This was merely an experiment.

And fifty years later, the results of his experiment were not particularly clear.

Ye Qingyu had also met Bai Yuqing once over the past fifty years.

Bai Yuqing seemed to have put her past grudges aside when she received news of Jiang Xiaohan's death and spent her time traveling the world. Her movements were as elusive as an otherworldly Immortal. She didn't seem to show any intention of rejuvenating the White Jade Capital but rather, she continued to roam the world alone.

The Immortal Dojo had taken in almost a million disciples and had around onne hhundred thousand disciples who managed to make great strides in their cultivation.

The elderly man who didn't seem to have much longer to live ended up living on with determination and progressed to the 18th Spirit Spring stage. He enjoyed a longer lifespan but still looked extremely old. He was determined to achieve 100 Spirit Springs just as Ye Qingyu had done and vowed not to progress to Bitter Sea stage until he had achieved this feat.

The young man of the Brute Race had decided to train his body, and his progress seemed slower than the elderly man's. But he never gave up.

He spent his time observing the progress and cultivation of the disciples and gained a better understanding of the "people".

His cultivation continued to progress silently at a rate that could not be described in words.

During the 100th year of the Immortal Empire, Ye Qingyu left the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain and headed toward the Central City of the Fire Province within the Dark Realm.

After one hundred years of accumulation, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was finally about to make an attempt to progress to the Martial Emperor realm and Ye Qingyu was heading over to protect him.

"[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] will encounter issues when he attempts to reach the Martial Emperor realm."

He used his Light Emperor Detection Technique and detected some bad omens.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1314:


Chapter 1327 - Sudden Change

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had always been a legendary figure within the Vast Thousand Domains.

Even after Ye Qingyu rose to fame and power, many people of the older generation had not forgotten the glorious age that spanned for thousand years when the Quasi-emperor had ruled over the Vast Thousand Domains. This world would not forget the achievements of such a legendary figure this quickly.

The golden age of great prosperity led to the average cultivation along the martial way to soar rapidly.

Countless martial experts fought amongst themselves to be the best, and Quasi-emperor level experts were no longer the most powerful experts who could rule over the land single-handedly. But [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] influence extended far and wide. Since he had managed to become a Quasi-emperor at an age when spiritual qi was so scarce, many people wondered how much more powerful he could be now that the golden age of prosperity had arrived.

However, no one had seen Li Xiaofei since the battle at Capital Sky Peak and it was as though he had completely vanished from the face of the world. No one knew what the truth was, and there were even rumors circulating that Li Xiaofei was already dead.

All this time, it was only Ye Qingyu and a selected handful of people who knew of Li Xiaofei's whereabouts.

Thus, the Vast Thousand Domains were shocked when news spread that the governor of the Fire Province in the Dark Realm, who was known as the most mysterious supreme commander of the Immortal Empire and the right had man of the Immortal God Emperor, was none other than the missing Li Xiaofei.

The shockwaves from the Vast Thousand Domains also spread to the Dark Realm.

However, before they could process the news, they were even more astonished that Li Xiaofei was finally about to try to progress to the Martial Emperor realm after years of accumulation. Moreover, he seemed confident in achieving the feat. They were even more surprised when they heard that Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu had personally gone over to protect him.

When the news was made public, it shook the entire world.

Currently, there were already three Martial Emperors within the Immortal Empire—Ye Qingyu, Song Xiaojun, and Shui Xiu—and they represented a breathtaking strength. The public didn't really know how powerful their secret trump cards and underlying strength were, but if Li Xiaofei managed to become a Martial Emperor, that would mean that the Immortal Empire's strength would soar significantly. After all, Li Xiaofei's historical achievements were more outstanding than Song Xiaojun's and Shui Xiu's. Once this person became a Martial Emperor, he would definitely be more powerful than an average Martial Emperor.

"Li Xiaofei has chosen to go through the heavenly tribulation at the Guardan Royal City. I heard that Great Emperor Ye Qingyu had personally selected the place."

"Great Emperor Ye Qingyu must truly hold Li Xiaofei in high regard."

"Now that the Great Emperor has personally gone over to guard him, no one will be able to stop Li Xiaofei from ascending to the Martial Emperor realm. This will lead the Immortal Empire's power to skyrocket, and a new unprecedented era of a divine martial empire is about to begin."

"I don't think their enemies will sit idly by and allow the Immortal Empire to continue its rapid rise. Now that the Immortal Empire is on its way to becoming invincible throughout the world, I guess those forces that have been hiding in the dark will be hopping mad and will definitely act soon."

All sorts of rumors were circulating around the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm.

There seemed to be an invisible force that facilitated the circulation of these rumors, and the news that Li Xiaofei was about to attempt to ascend to the Martial Emperor realm became a hot topic throughout the entire world, especially rumors of Li Xiaofei becoming invincible after ascending to Martial Emperor. These rumors spread like wildfire, and as these rumors continued to spread, more details were revealed, such as the layout of the Guardan Royal City, and the exact time that Li Xiaofei was planning to make his attempt, and so on. These details started to spread throughout both worlds.

In July of the 100th year of the Immortal Empire, at the Guardan Royal City in the Dark Realm—

The personal guards of Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu were mobilized and they took control of the defensive and attacking formations laid out across the entire Royal City. The Royal City became like a bronze fortress and the security was extremely tight. They started to enforce martial law over the city and did not allow anyone to walk along the streets during the day or at night.

On the seventh of July, at the Platform of Green Clouds—

Li Xiaofei, who was clad in navy robes, appeared at the Square of Green Clouds along with his successor, Li Shengyan.

There were very few people in the Square of Green Clouds that day, and most of those present were highly-skilled experts from the military who were in charge of guarding the square. They weren't here to watch the process of Li Xiaofei becoming Emperor. This was a very important matter and even Ye Qingyu, who was here to supervise the proceedings, did not dare to treat this matter lightly. No outsiders were invited to witness this ceremony.

Only the higher-ups of the empire and several high-ranking noblemen were present to witness Li Xiaofei's attempt at becoming a Martial Emperor. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity to any martial artists because it was possible that they might even gain enlightenment through witnessing this process and achieve breakthroughs in their martial way.

Ye Qingyu had personally selected this venue, which had once been an arena for the noblemen of the Royal City to battle to their deaths, to be the place for Li Xiaofei to stage his attempt at becoming Emperor.

Li Xiaofei stepped up to the Platform of Green Clouds as everyone looked on.

He was dressed in navy robes and his black hair fell like a waterfall over his back. His figure was tall and slender like an ethereal Immortal, and an elusive and abundant aura swirled around him. Wisps of Emperor qi mist could already be seen swirling around him, and everyone at the Square of Green Clouds was extremely excited when they noticed that. This was a sign that the hard work that Li Xiaofei had put in over all these years had paid off and he was just a whisker away from becoming a Martial Emperor. There was a very high chance that he would succeed today.

"Activate the formations!"

An authoritative voice rang out across the Square of Green Clouds.

Then, the rays of light from the light shield formation surged as the Platform of Green Clouds slowly rose into the sky. Li Xiaofei sat cross-legged on the platform, looking like a god ascending to the heavens.

The entire Guardan Royal City at the Square of Green Clouds was immediately put on high alert.

A spiritual qi gathering formation that had been laid out by Ye Qingyu was also activated at the same time. The invisible power of laws circulated around with the Guardan Royal City at its center, and the spiritual qi from the universe for several hundred thousand kilometers around started to surge toward the Square of Green Clouds. This formation would ensure an endless supply of spiritual qi for Li Xiaofei as he embarked on his attempt to become a Martial Emperor.

Boom!

Li Xiaofei suddenly gave off an intensely powerful aura that swirled around him like a halo.

Even without a breeze, his hair danced around and his robes slowly started to flutter as well.

A misty qi shrouded his entire body.

His attempt at becoming Emperor had begun.

The chubby Li Shengyan was extremely nervous as he watched the proceedings from the Square of Green Clouds, which quickened his breathing. He had absolute confidence in his ancestor's abilities, but this was such a crucial moment for Li Xiaofei that he couldn't help worrying. Although his ancestor was merely a whisker away from becoming a Martial Emperor, everyone knew how hard it was to bridge the gap between the Quasi-emperor and the Martial Emperor realms. And if he failed this time, it would be hard for him to stage a second attempt ever again.

There were countless legends of peerless prodigies and invincible titans who were just a whisker away from ascending to the summit of their martial way and who already possessed wisps of Emperor qi, but these people had inexplicably failed at the very last moment. There were so many examples of these peerless experts whose efforts had come to naught at the final stage.

This was a mysterious and strange characteristic of the Martial Emperor realm.

It is truly hard to explain things like good luck and opportunities.

Time and tide wait for no man, so even if someone managed to gain an advantage, he might not necessarily be able to succeed.

This was why Li Shengyan was so worried.

Someone gently smacked his shoulder and said, "Don't worry so much. Senior Xiaofei has a well-grounded foundation and has already comprehended the mysteries of the Martial Emperor realm. His road to becoming Emperor will be smooth and I'm sure he won't meet with any obstructions." Li Shengyan turned to see Ye Qingyu beside him. He had not even noticed him appear at the Square of Green Clouds.

All the noblemen and highly-ranked officials, both old and new, were already kneeling on the ground.

Ye Qingyu waved his hand and said, "Please rise."

Li Shengyan suddenly felt a lot more reassured when he saw that Ye Qingyu was present. This young man, who he had once thought of as his comrade on the martial way, was now the legendary ruler of the entire world and seemed to always be able to pull off the impossible. Li Shengyan's worries vanished when he saw that Ye Qingyu would be around to supervise the proceedings.

"Many thanks," Li Shengyan said gratefully.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "I think of you as a brother, so there's no need to stand on ceremony."

Time ticked by. Eight hours flew by in the blink of an eye.

It was already past noon.

Up in the heavens, the Platform of Green Clouds was already surrounded by lightning, thunder, and clouds of tribulation. Ear-splitting booms from the power of Dao laws rumbled across the sky and all sorts of mysterious creatures appeared as though they were a manifestation of Dao laws to charge at Li Xiaofei. This was a sign that the heavenly tribulation of the Great Dao had begun, and it looked like all sorts of creatures had surrounded and were attacking Li Xiaofei.

Evidently, Li Xiaofei had already entered a crucial stage in his attempt to become Emperor.

The high-ranking officials and experts below the Platform of Green Clouds watched this scene with their eyes wide open in wonder. They were all experts on the martial way and they all had a chance to ascend to the Martial Emperor realm one day, so they wouldn't let this rare opportunity to witness a highly skilled expert ascending to the Martial Emperor realm slip by. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity.

Li Shengyan became extremely nervous and his heart was in his throat the entire time.

Ye Qingyu looked calm and composed as he watched the proceedings unfold with his hands behind his back.

One day flew by in the blink of an eye.

The next day at dusk, the setting sun dyed the sky as red as blood.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Bolts of golden lightning and tribulation clouds constantly charged down from the Nine Heavens, and the terrifying power of Dao laws exploded as though heaven and earth were howling angrily. Golden thunder and lightning splashed across the sky, and it seemed as though the entire Platform of Green Clouds was about to be refined.

The final and most crucial moment had finally arrived.

An abundant Emperor qi aura gradually grew clearer on the Platform of Green Clouds and spread across the surroundings. [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] figure could vaguely be seen through the lightning that swirled all around him as he slowly rose to his feet looking like a divine god.

Success!

Li Shengyan finally let out a sigh of relief.

Many people looked thrilled as they watched this scene from the Square of Green Clouds.

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh of relief as well.

However, a ray of flowing light suddenly shot out from the crowd gathered at the Square of Green Clouds. It contained a frightening and destructive force as it hurtled toward the Platform of Green Clouds. This flowing light was so powerful and it shot out so suddenly that even Ye Qingyu was caught off guard.

Boom!

The destructive power smashed against the Platform of Green Clouds.

Heaven and earth trembled.

"Oh no..." Li Shengyan felt his hair stand on end when he saw this and he was extremely worried for his uncle.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1315:


Chapter 1328 - Something Major Had Happened

Someone had launched a sneak attack.

Surprised cries and exclamations rang out in the Square of Green Clouds.

Ye Qingyu had already arrived in the sky above the Platform of Green Clouds in a flash.

After that sudden sneak attack that came out from nowhere, Li Xiaofei, who had been so close to ascending to the Martial Emperor realm, found that his aura was thrown into disarray, and the laws of the Emperor qi that had been so evident moments ago gradually grew blurrier. The tribulation clouds, thunder, and lightning that surrounded the Platform of Green Clouds also became extremely chaotic...

He was ambushed so suddenly while attempting to progress along the Emperor's road that his strength and the power of the universe turned around and started to attack him and the situation became extremely fraught with danger. Despite how powerful he was, Li Xiaofei sustained serious injuries almost instantaneously.

A blood arrow spurted out from his mouth.

The situation immediately took a turn for the worse.

If the universal power of laws continued to circulate so chaotically, it could result in the formation of a chaotic windstorm that would turn the Square of Green Clouds and the entire Guardian's Royal City into a pile of rubble, and Li Xiaofei would almost certainly die from this.

The intent of the person who had attacked Li Xiaofei was evident and extremely malicious.

This was the worst thing that could happen for a martial artist who was attempting to progress on his Emperor's road.

"Freeze! Dissipate!"

Ye Qingyu yelled as he instantly arrived at the Platform of Green Clouds. He used the one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique and gathered the light from the stars in his left hand to draw the word "freeze" in the void while the splendor of his sword will flickered in his right hand and he wrote the word "dissipate" in the void.

He pressed his left hand against [Quasi-emperor's Xiaofei's] back and injected the power of the formations into [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] body as he attempted to quell and freeze the raging inner yuan Emperor qi within him.

He sent his right hand into the surrounding void of the Platform of Green Clouds as he attempted to dissipate the chaotic tribulation clouds and universal power of laws that had gathered overhead.

He had to perform both actions if he wanted to rescue [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

However, it was extremely difficult.

Ye Qingyu might be the most powerful person in the world and no one had a better understanding of the mysteries of the Emperor realm than he did, but even he could not instantly turn this dangerous situation around. After all, everyone had their own unique Way of Becoming Emperor and Emperor's road that contained a different set of mysteries. Ye Qingyu had his own martial way while [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] also had his own unique martial way. As the saying goes, those whose courses are different cannot lay plans for one another. Thus, it was very difficult for Ye Qingyu to try to use his own Dao to heal [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] Dao injuries.

At the same time, the feedback force from the universal power of laws was extremely terrifying.

Someone who wanted to become a Martial Emperor would have to draw on the powers of heaven and earth to gain the recognition of heaven, earth, and the universe. Now that the power of heaven and universal laws were thrown into disarray, it was extremely difficult for Ye Qingyu to order the power of the Heavenly Dao to dissipate and as an outsider. He would have to bear a tribulation force that was many thousand times more terrifying that what [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had to go through.

Despite his invincible strength, he was also under such immense pressure that his face suddenly turned pale.

Swish!

Another ray of destructive light ripped through the air and hurtled toward him.

The person who had launched a sneak attack earlier struck again.

This was a Martial Emperor from the past and he was also part of the Sky Emperor's camp. He had used a strange and cunning technique to take control over the body of an elderly nobleman who was from the Immortal Empire and evaded Ye Qingyu's detection to launch a sneak attack at a crucial moment. He had almost destroyed whatever progress [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had made on the Emperor's road.

He was very malicious and targeted Ye Qingyu the next time he made his move.

"Dammit!"

"We have to protect the Great Emperor!"

"Stop him..."

The loyal officials from the Immortal Empire at the Square of Green Clouds charged toward him and tried to stop this despicable person but the chaotic power of Heavenly Dao sent them flying. They were not immune to the power of Heavenly Dao since they were not Martial Emperors themselves yet.

"Haha, Ye Qingyu, I'm sure that you never imagined such a day would come. It's time for you to die." The person laughed maniacally as an Emperor qi comparable to that of a current Martial Emperor exploded from him. He wanted to kill Ye Qingyu while he was stuck combating the tempest of the Heavenly Dao.

The situation was extremely dangerous.

Ye Qingyu had one hand on [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] back and he was trying to dissipate the feedback force of the Heavenly Dao with his other hand, so he couldn't move his body and his feet, nor could he retract his hands. He was under immense pressure and it was as though he was pinned to the spot, so he could not counter with an attack of his own.

"Get lost!" Ye Qingyu yelled angrily as a sword light flashed from his mouth.

A ray of sword will from his Life Sword shot out from his mouth.

Boom!

Blood splattered everywhere.

The body of the person who had tried to attack Ye Qingyu was sliced in two, but he put up a desperate fight and frantically burned through his origin power. Then, he hurtled toward Ye Qingyu like a blazing planet.

Ye Qingyu's expression changed slightly.

An attack on this scale wouldn't be fatal, but what would potentially be lethal was a terrifying chain reaction that could happen if the chaotic laws of the universe were to be ignited by an external power. This would be enough to cause a chaotic windstorm that could destroy everything.

However, it was too late to stop him.

Rumble!

The Martial Emperor suddenly spontaneously combusted when he was within one thousand meters of Ye Qingyu. It was hard to describe how frightening the scene was when a Martial Emperor used his origin power to ignite a spontaneous combustion. All color seemed to have been leeched from the universe and everything was dyed monochrome. Explosive energy shock waves radiated all across the surroundings like layers of cumulus clouds.

Death loomed over the Square of Green Clouds and every area of the Guardian Royal City.

"[Cloud Top Cauldron]!" Ye Qingyu yelled.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] immediately appeared and spun like a top as it rapidly expanded. The mouth of the cauldron was like a pitch-black sky, which started to suppress and absorb the chaotic explosive energy.

Not only did he have to protect Li Xiaofei, he also had to protect his officials and men at the square and the Guardian Royal City, so he ignored the feedback force that was eating at him and relied on his basic instincts to unleash his most powerful burst of strength and used all his trump cards since there was no time for him to plan and react...

Baboom-boom!

The power of the Heavenly Dao and the universe exploded like a torrent before it was quelled by the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The important officials, including Li Shengyan and the personal guards who were stationed all around the Square of Green Clouds, could not even move when the remnant shock waves swept over them. They were like snails stuck in a marsh and could only watch as the light shield formation started to break apart as though a huge hammer had smashed against it. The surrounding buildings and city walls were smashed to smithereens, as the turbulence in the sky swallowed the Platform of Green Clouds and Ye Qingyu. And as the terrifying cumulus clouds that contained the power of chaos looked like they were about to destroy everything in sight...

Time seemed to slow down.

Everyone completely blanked out.

Meanwhile, time seemed to move very quickly.

All these strange signs and wonders appeared, then vanished in an instant.

The fear of death brought about by the destructive power was still fresh in their minds even as the apocalyptic and chaotic power from the heavy grey cumulus clouds was suddenly sucked rapidly into the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Color returned to the world, the threat of death left them, and the intense pressure dissipated.

Before they could let out cheers of happiness, they suddenly noticed the dazzling golden light from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] instantly dim. It quickly shrank uncontrollably before it plummeted from the sky...

Crash!

The bronze cauldron landed on the Square of Green Clouds with a deafening crash.

Spider-web cracks appeared on the ground.

The surface of the bronze cauldron was splattered with blood, which was starkly red against the bronze cauldron.

It was Emperor blood.

Could it be...

Everyone was filled with a bad premonition.

Then, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] vibrated slightly and blood flowed out like a river from within it. Everyone watched as an injured figure emerged from the cauldron with another man in his arms...

The entire world was in an uproar when they heard the news that Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu had been seriously injured.

How could the invincible Immortal God Emperor be injured?

No one believed this news at first.

Soon after, more details emerged and they heard that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had been ambushed by a Martial Emperor of the past as he attempted to ascend to the Martial Emperor realm, which resulted in the Heavenly Dao turning against him and the situation becoming extremely precarious. The Square of Green Clouds and the Guardian Royal City were on the verge of being turned into dust and Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu threw himself into the thick of danger to save everyone and attempted to stop the feedback force from the Heavenly Dao. Although he had managed to save [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], he was seriously injured and his Dao foundations had been shaken.

What was supposed to have been a celebration immediately turned into a tragic event.

Under the intense scrutiny of the world, the Immortal Empire did not welcome its fourth Martial Emperor, but instead, it resulted in the Immortal God Emperor being seriously injured. It was also rumored that although [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was still alive, he was as good as maimed...

The entire world was in an uproar as the news circulated like wildfire.

Everyone found it hard to believe that such a thing could happen.

The fact that the invincible Immortal God Emperor had failed to take preventive measures and had allowed a past Martial Emperor to take advantage of the situation and disguise himself amongst the spectators seemed unbelievable. They were surprised that an empire as strong as the Immortal Empire could have failed to detect this breach, resulting in this tragic sequence of events happening at the very last moment.

Had the Immortal Empire passed its zenith and was on the wane?

Was the Immortal Empire so powerful that the heavens felt threatened and allowed this tragedy to happen?

Everyone started to think deeper about the situation.

There were also others who started to wonder what kind of person could have managed to ambush [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] as he was attempting to progress along his martial way. The situation was definitely not as straightforward as it seemed. Although the Martial Emperors of the past were extremely frightening, they would have never been able to throw the Immortal Empire into such disarray, and it was even more impossible for them to escape the detection of the Immortal God Emperor. The only explanation was that there was someone or some other force even more terrifying that supported the slain Martial Emperor and secretly plotted behind the scenes.

What kind of force would be able to go up against the Immortal God Emperor?

Those who noticed this gradually realized that the invincible Immortal Empire might be coming to an end after rising to power and glory so quickly. The events that had happened and the Immortal God Emperor's serious injuries did not mean that everything had come to an end, but that everything was just getting started.

What would happen next?

Many people were looking forward to what would happen next.

They didn't have to wait long before another major event occurred.

The best chamber of commerce within the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce, was ambushed as they made their way to the Dark Realm and everyone was murdered.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1316:


Chapter 1329 - Eagerly Awaiting This Chance to Strike

The Qingluo Chamber of Commerce was the biggest chamber of commerce within the Heaven Wasteland Domain and also a huge conglomerate that had rapidly risen in the Vast Thousand Domains. Everything had gone smoothly for it over the past few years and Song Qingluo, who headed the chamber of commerce, was an outstanding beauty and a capable woman. She had a remarkable business acumen and had always been pursuing the right business strategies, so she was highly regarded by her allies and her competitors.

Evidently, this wasn't the main reason why the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce could reign supreme over the Vast Thousand Domains and even make inroads into the Dark Realm over the past few years.

The main reason was that Song Qingluo's background was a little astonishing.

First, she was the classmate of Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu and also friends with him. It was rumored that when the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce had been in trouble, Ye Qingyu had stood up for her even before he became Emperor. Their close friendship could not be underestimated. Second, Song Qingluo was also the sister of another Martial Emperor of the Immortal Empire, Song Xiaojun. Their biological relationship could not be ignored since there were only a handful of Martial Emperors of the current generation. Didn't the close relationship shared between the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce, Ye Qingyu, and Song Xiaojun showcase her astonishing background?

There were many who were jealous of the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce's success and admired Song Qingluo's beauty, but no one had actually dared to make a move against the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce.

However, the Qingluo Chamber of Commerce suffered heavy losses not long after the Immortal God Emperor was injured.

A group of traders led by Song Qingluo's father, Song Jiannan, were mercilessly attacked in the Dark Realm and were all brutally murdered. All 671 of them were slain, including Song Jiannan and even the group's guide. There wasn't a single survivor and they were all murdered ruthlessly.

Their corpses were discovered by an exploration party and then this brutal massacre was brought to light.

When the news was made public, it shook the entire world.

The fact that this tragedy had happened during such a sensitive time was thought-provoking, especially since Song Qingluo's father was amongst those slain.

This was significant because Song Jiannan was not only Song Qingluo's father, he was also the father of a current Martial Emperor, Song Xiaojun. They were no longer as close as before but they were still related by blood. Who could have been so fearless to even think of attacking Song Jiannan? Was this person or force not afraid that a Martial Emperor would pursue this matter to the very end in anger?

The Immortal Empire responded.

It was said the Empress of Darkness, Song Xiaojun, who was at the western frontier of the Great Wall, went into self-isolation after hearing the news. Her trusted general Lingyun led three hundred top-level scouts from the Unmoving City of Darkness to the murder scene to conduct investigations. Everyone was extremely jittery and no one knew the outcome of the investigations.

However, there were even more people who felt that those behind this attack could possibly be the same people behind the attack at the Platform of Green Clouds. This seemed like another exploratory attack from the same perpetrators.

This was a challenge issued by those who were against the Immortal Empire.

They wanted to use such methods to anger the Immortal Empire and the Immortal God Emperor, hoping that the Immortal God Emperor would make an appearance. This would prove whether the rumors were true about the Immortal God Emperor being seriously injured at the Platform of Green Clouds when [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had staged his attempt to become Emperor, or whether this was merely a smokescreen.

Several dozen days passed by.

The Immortal God Emperor did not make an appearance.

The Immortal Empire joined forces with the Heaven Wasteland Empire to investigate this case and track down the whereabouts of the murderer, but they weren't able to find any useful clues.

It was also rumored that the person who murdered Song Jiannan and the others proved to be a Martial Emperor and this was why the highly-skilled experts from the Immortal Empire had failed to capture him.

Another month later—

This tragic case seemed destined to be an unsolved murder. It was a huge blow to the authority of the Immortal Empire, especially the Immortal God Emperor.

No one expected Song Jiannan's death to be just the beginning, and something even more shocking happened next——

The Alliance of Domains in Heaven Connect City of the Chaotic Ruins Domain of the Vast Thousand Domains was attacked by a nameless expert, and the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains was reduced to dust after the battle. The spokesperson of the Human Race, and the leaders of the White-robed Divine Guards, Lin Yutang, Tang Chong, and hundreds of highly-skilled experts of the various races were all reduced to ash after the battle.

There were several witnesses to this incident.

It was said that the clouds in the heavens had rolled violently as though a violent ocean had consumed the heavens and that it had been a terrifying sight to behold. Then, dozens of golden and gray lightning and thunder slaps smashed down from the misty layers of the firmament and landed hard on the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains. The defensive formations of the divine temple, which had been in operation for thousands of centuries, managed to hold on for about ten minutes before it collapsed into a pile of rubble. Almost everyone who was within the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains had been slain. Only a few others who were outside at the time of the incident were lucky enough to survive.

The person who attacked the divine temple was extremely powerful, and moreover, it was more than one person. After the incident, Empress Shui Xiu personally arrived at the scene and deduced that at least six Martial Emperors of the past must have had attacked at the same time to be able to cause such damage.

The rest of the domains and the Dark Realm were all in shock.

Everyone knew that the Alliance of Domains of the Vast Thousand Domains was no longer an independent alliance that looked after the various affairs of the Vast Thousand Domains. After Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu rose to power, the alliance had quickly sided with the Immortal Empire, especially the influential figures such as the spokesperson of the Human Race and the spokesperson of the Demon Race, who were all loyal to Ye Qingyu. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that the Alliance of Domains was now a part of the Immortal Empire.

Countless people were dumbfounded since the complete annihilation of the Alliance of Domains was a massive slap to the face of Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu.

If the death of Song Jiannan was a huge blow on a personal level, then the destruction of the Alliance of Domains was a huge blow politically. This was something that an invincible Emperor who reigned supreme over the world would not be able to tolerate.

After the incident, the Immortal Empire was enraged.

A seasoned supreme commander within the empire, Nie Tiankong, was tasked to lead half the experts from the ministry of supervision from the military to investigate this matter. Heaven Connect City was extremely jittery because Nie Tiankong had once been Ye Qingyu's guide and had obtained the trust of the Immortal God Emperor. Thus, the fact that he was mobilized showed how angry the Immortal God Emperor was.

However, since Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu did not head to Heaven Connect City in the Chaotic Ruins Domain to investigate this matter, the investigation seemed like it lacked authority. Nie Tiankong might be a high-ranking official, but there was still a vast difference between him and the Immortal God Emperor.

These two consecutive incidents were a huge blow to the Immortal Empire, but in spite of that, the Immortal God Emperor refused to show himself. What did this mean?

It meant that the Immortal God Emperor had truly been injured during the events at the Platform of Green Clouds. And it was highly plausible that he was so seriously injured that it affected his foundation.

Otherwise, he would have definitely made an appearance, since even a short appearance would have been enough to calm down the military.

Anyone with a brain would have been able to reach this conclusion after giving this matter some thought.

Now that Immortal God Emperor Ye Qingyu was so seriously injured that he was unable to appear, didn't it meant that the glorious reign of the Immortal Empire was about to come to an end?

If the Immortal Empire were to collapse, would it lead to a period of chaos and anarchy where everyone would fight for a piece of land? This was a huge blow to the ordinary lifeforms and smaller forces, but it was a huge cause to rejoice for those ambitious and power-hungry people. This meant that their moment had finally arrived and they could do whatever they wished without having to be restrained by the law and order implemented by the Immortal God Emperor.

This was especially so now that the golden age of great prosperity had arrived and highly skilled experts were emerging in large numbers who had achieved breakthroughs in their cultivation stages along the martial way. These ambitious men, who were now more powerful than ever before, became even more hungry for power.

At the same time, many other people and forces wondered what kind of force was behind the attacks on [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and the Alliance of Domains. What was it about this force that caused a Martial Emperor of the past to spontaneously combust willingly and even possessed the authority to mobilize five Martial Emperors of the past? Once they started to make comparisons, they realized that the power and combat strength of this mysterious force seemed to be on par with the Immortal Empire.

This was terrifying news indeed.

Since when did such a terrifying force exist in this world?

Could it be evil spirits of all kinds dancing in riotous revelry?

Or the awakening of the fiendgods?

Just as the entire world was still reeling from the shock and disbelief from the events over the past couple of months, something even more shocking happened.

The Immortal Dojo in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had been attacked in a brutal manner.

This attack was almost exactly the same as the attack on the Alliance of Domains. Several Martial Emperors of the past had joined forces to attack the Immortal Dojo in an attempt to repeat the destruction caused at the divine temple of the Alliance of Domains. They were clearly intent on the destruction of the Immortal Dojo, but this time, the Immortal Dojo was prepared and Empress Shui Xiu was already guarding the Immortal Dojo. She countered powerfully and forced those experts who had attacked to retreat.

The Immortal Dojo was safe.

Empress Shui Xiu unleashed a power that made the entire world tremble in fear when she fought off the martial sovereigns of the past.

"There is a vast difference in strength between a current Martial Emperor and a Martial Emperor of the past," she concluded.

This incident spread like wildfire throughout the entire world.

The Immortal Dojo was personally established by the Immortal God Emperor and it represented the future of the Immortal Empire. The force behind the attack had evidently done this to test the Immortal God Emperor in an attempt to deduce if he was truly seriously injured or if he was secretly plotting something else. However, no one was able to tell what the result of this attack was, but the parties concerned might have managed to profit from it.

"Empress Shui Xiu's words clearly show how weak the Immortal Empire is at the moment," someone secretly concluded.

Empress Shui Xiu's strongly worded statement made it seem like Martial Emperors of the past would be roundly defeated by current Martial Emperors. So even though the Immortal God Emperor was injured, the Immortal Empire still had two current Martial Emperors. And therefore, their position would not be threatened and all past Martial Emperors were nothing compared to them.

However, this statement seemed at odds with her usual method of handling affairs.

Instead, this revealed the weakness of the Immortal Empire. If they were so eager to prove themselves, this meant that it was highly plausible that they were merely putting on an act and weren't as strong as they seemed.

"I guess the time is ripe now. Ye Qingyu must truly be injured and unable to fight, so we can start implementing the next stage of our plan... We have to let him experience the despair of his family and friends turning their backs on him. Hahaha!" Someone laughed maliciously.

These people had been eagerly awaiting this chance to strike.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

