Chapter 1169:


Chapter 1184 – Sword Break

A dazzling radiance flickered in Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

Instead of evading, he worked up the [Blood Drinker Sword] and operated the Life Sword sword will to meet the incoming strike.

Boom!

A splendor sent him flying once more.

He crashed onto the azure Emperor qi protective shield of the platform again.

As he slowly slid off the shield, a trail of blood oozed from the corner of his mouth, albeit it was only an injury caused by impact. After operating his qi and blood to make the injury disappear instantly, he lowered his head to look at the [Blood Drinker Sword] in his palm.

Although it remained intact, the blood-colored splendor circulating brightly on it had dulled somewhat from previously, revealing that it had suffered some damage too.

“It’s okay, that’s fine...”

Ye Qingyu understood the [Blood Drinker Sword] like it was his own body.

As he activated the formations in the sword, scorching blood-colored flames began to burn again while a burst of power surged from the sword, as if the sword had come alive.

“One more time, hahaha!”

Brandishing the sword, he charged toward King Zhenyuan again.

Squinting his eyes, the latter could tell that the blood-colored sword in Ye Qingyu’s hands was very strange, and could actually withstand two successive strikes from an Emperor weapon like the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites]. This made him even more firm in his belief that the sword was the trump card given to Ye Qingyu by the head of the Sun clan.

“Let’s talk again after I’ve broken your sword.”

Amid his sneering, he worked up the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] again. Like an ancient thunderbolt, a beam of azure divine splendor shot through the air and locked on to Ye Qingyu, seeking to bulldoze this military judge who was onrushing like flowing light.

Boom!

Dao sounds thundered.

Azure and red flowing light spattered all over the place.

Ye Qingyu was sent flying once more, crashing heavily onto the Emperor qi protective shield of the platform.

His injury was even more serious than before this time. Like meandering blood snakes, wounds formed on his sword holding right arm, looking extremely terrifying and revealing his dense white bones, showing that he had been injured by the Emperor qi feedback of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites]. Not only did the corner of his mouth ooze blood, but even his viscera were damaged.

The [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] was an Emperor weapon after all.

A true Emperor weapon.

Mottled holes, each as large as a soybean, also appeared on the blade of the [Blood Drinker Sword], making it look serrated and deformed.

Looking down at the sword in his hand, Ye Qingyu circulated yuan qi in his palm and injected it into the sword. As the formations on the sword flickered and changed, the holes eventually disappeared and the sword thus became complete again.

“Looks like things aren’t too different from what I’d guessed.”

He revealed a faint, easy smile on his face.

“I haven’t had enough, one more time.” Brandishing the sword and moving in flashes, he attacked once more.

He instantly reached in front of King Zhenyuan and exerted a sword strike. As the force of the Life Sword circulated and sword will filled the air, the immense killing force he unleashed broke King Zhenyuan’s defenses at once, nearly piercing King Zhenyuan in the forehead in just one stroke.

“Haha, what a desperate way of fighting. Pitiful.”

King Zhenyuan guffawed.

Behind him, the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] light disc, which only had six divine beams remaining, discharged yet another silver divine beam. Although it was late and seemed slow, it struck the tip of the [Blood Drinker Sword] before the latter pierced into his forehead.

Boom!

An indescribable power of Dao law erupted.

Puff!

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth and spurted a blood arrow before he was sent flying back like a kite which had its string broken. The [Blood Drinker Sword] made cracking noises as white fissures spread across it, indicating that it had suffered heavy damage.

With a cruel expression on his face, King Zhenyuan laughed grimly.

“You’re dead.” He looked at Ye Qingyu, who was covered in blood in the distance. “Rare as this sword may be, it can’t withstand the bombardment of the Emperor qi of my [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites]. It looks like the head of the Sun clan has also not truly given you his full treasures. This sword isn’t a true Emperor weapon.”

Wielding a true Emperor weapon at the moment, Yuan Wenjun finally experienced bits of the feeling of a Martial Emperor’s invincibility. Sensing the surging of the Emperor qi beside him, he dreamily imagined that he had attained Dao fruition for real.

For this moment at least, he felt himself to be the invincible master of the universe.

“Hahahaha...” Ye Qingyu laughed out loud. “So much crap. How many more strikes can your [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] unleash? My sword can still withstand plenty. Let’s see who’s the one that was forsaken.”

Amid his laughter, the [Blood Drinker Sword] shot forth a dazzling blood radiance. The cracks on it slowly disappeared and the sword thus regained flawlessness.

“Is that so? Then I shall break it completely to crush your last hope.” King Zhenyuan’s eyes turned cold. Behind him, the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] launched an azure divine splendor toward Ye Qingyu.

Boom!

This time, Ye Qingyu was sent flying backward again.

Clank!

Amid a crisp noise, the [Blood Drinker Sword] broke into two.

It has broken.

Ye Qingyu’s sword-holding right hand was nearly turned into meat paste by the impact he suffered. The [Blood Drinker Sword] landed on the floor, quivering endlessly and struggling frantically like an injured spiritual beast.

“How’s this strike?” King Zhenyuan looked at Ye Qingyu teasingly and asked, “Now that your sword’s broken, how will you withstand my next strike?”

With a thought, Ye Qingyu made his blood and qi surge, instantly healing his injuries as much as he could. The circulation of yuan qi in his body seemed to be even more vigorous than before. As he raised and waved his hand, the quivering [Blood Drinker Sword] flew back into his hand. After he swiped a finger across the air, the broken sword returned to its normal state.

“Try again.” Ye Qingyu raised the sword and stood up.

This time, his figure seemed somewhat ruffled and not as calm as previously, giving the impression that he was stubbornly doing something he knew he could not do.

“As you wish.”

King Zhenyuan unleashed a yellow divine splendor.

Because the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] was an Emperor weapon while the Sky Fox clan was said to have the innate talent of foretelling nature’s secrets, the disc was the Sky Fox clan Martial Emperor’s tool for gaining Dao. Every divine beam represented a kind of power, each more frightening than the last one. Although King Zhenyuan had not completely mastered this Emperor weapon, he was nevertheless able to derive astonishing power from it, given his cultivation.

Boom!

Ye Qingyu was sent flying again.

His upper body nearly exploded and fragmented.

Resembling the wings of a blood-colored butterfly, the [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand broke off inch by inch, forming an arc of death in the void and turning into countless fragments before dispersing in all directions.

This time, Ye Qingyu was all but crushed.

Cheers rang out on the plaza.

The Crown Prince leapt up excitedly and howled, while Princess Poison Flower and the Second Prince also laughed out loud. Everything had turned out as they had expected, and the show could not have been any better. The seemingly strong performance put up by Zhang Longcheng more so set off the might of King Zhenyuan. When subject to an Emperor weapon, not an inch of grass could live. Zhang Longcheng still had to die, for thenceforth, the influence and awe of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence in Royal City would become even more terrifying than before.

A faint smile also emerged on Nie Tiankong’s face.

Although he had been enemies with King Zhenyuan before and even the mediation of the Sky Fox clan was unable to fully diffuse the estrangement between them, he still hoped that King Zhenyuan would win, because only this way would outsiders believe his abandonment of Zhang Longcheng during a critical moment to be a stroke of genius.

Nie Tiankong’s trusted generals and counselors also began to laugh.

They were also hoping for this result, for it was they who advised Nie Tiankong to abandon Zhang Longcheng. Now that Zhang Longcheng was in a miserable state, it moreso proved that their foresight was sharp and spot-on.

Throughout the plaza, only Marquis Tingtao, Lin Nanzhu, and Linghu Buxiu were feeling ice-cold inside, as they worried for Ye Qingyu and hoped that he could cope. It could already be considered heaven-defying of him to have successively withstood several attacks of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites], but given the situation, the combined power of King Zhenyuan and the Sky Fox clan seemed overly frightening and ultimately irresistible.

“What a pity. He’s a supreme character who could’ve turned the dark situation in Royal City around.” Marquis Tingtao felt infinite grief and regret. He had hoped that Ye Qingyu could defy Heaven’s will, purge the darkness in Royal City, and restore order in the army, but the power of darkness turned out to be too great.

On the Azure Cloud Platform.

With his blood and qi surging, Ye Qingyu regained his initial condition.

As he looked at the red fragments on the floor, a strange luster formed in his eyes. His palm released strange bursts of yuan qi that had formation beams circulating within, seeming as though they wanted to resummon the broken [Blood Drinker Sword].

“Haha, give it up. Under the crushing might of the Emperor qi, your broken sword couldn’t withstand a single blow and was completely destroyed.” King Zhenyuan laughed delightfully. Being in control of the power of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites], he knew for certain that the [Blood Drinker Sword] had been broken completely by that earlier strike, such that its spiritual consciousness and formations had all been destroyed.

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

He released the silver beams that had been circulating in the depths of his palms to shroud the [Blood Drinker Sword] fragments on the floor, suggesting that he wanted to reassemble the sword. However, the blood-colored fragments were dull and devoid of light, as if they had lost all spirituality and could not respond at all.

The sword has turned into fragments.

It’s dead.

His summoning was futile.

“Hahaha, let’s now see what trump card you have.” King Zhenyuan guffawed when he saw this scene. “I shall use your own words back on you. Why do I have to change my frame of mind, which has always been the same? You’re the one who has to change. You thought that you could control everything, when you have actually never been anything more than a toad in the sewers. Can one control the world when one has only seen a patch of the sky?”

Paying him no attention, Ye Qingyu continued to try summoning the [Blood Drinker Sword].

Several hundred sword fragments were scattered on the floor, their color becoming ever duller while they did not respond to him at all.

“Stalling for time? Let me send you on your way.” Laughing grimly, King Zhenyuan immediately worked up the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites]. An orange beam of divine splendor swept out, locking on to the swordless Ye Qingyu. This was a strike that was certain to kill and decide everything.

Orange light surged.

Dao laws raged and Dao sounds thundered.

However, not once did Ye Qingyu take any action of evasion or resistance. He continued to try summoning the fragmented sword until the orange light had completely inundated him. A dazzling splendor devoured everything, making it impossible for him to open his eyes.

“Hahaha, it has all ended.” Having got off a decisive strike, King Zhenyuan guffawed and then sighed. “That’s smart of you. Knowing that you have no chance without that sword, you chose death on purpose so as to save yourself from torture at my hands. Hoho, allowing you to die easily shall be my last act of kindness to you.”

As soon as he spoke.

His gaze suddenly froze.

This was because, after the orange luster of the Eighth Opposite of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] had gradually dissipated, he discovered to his disbelief that, at the very center of his strike, the figure whom he had thought to have died for sure was actually completely uninjured, while in his hands gently yet tenaciously capered a dazzling red splendor which could pass for a candle flame, an eye radiance, a star, a drop of blood, a tinge of morning mist, a ray of morning sunlight, and a divine radiance which ignited all hope.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1170:


Chapter 1185 - Emperor weapon

"What is that?" King Zhenyuan exclaimed in surprise.

The Emperor qi from the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] was getting more powerful with each attack. The yellow divine splendor from before was a sign that he had thrown all his might behind that attack in an effort to completely wipe Zhang Longcheng from the face of this world. He had not held anything back at all.

He was sure that Zhang Longcheng would definitely die now that he had lost his blood-colored long sword.

However, now it seemed like...

What is happening?

Ye Qingyu's laughter rang out heartily.

"Hahaha, this is great. I've finally managed to do it. Just as I suspected, the stones on other hills may serve to polish jade; thus, the Emperor weapon's qualities can be used to make my own. I've succeeded... I've actually succeeded! The heavens must be on my side. Hahaha, Your Highness, I must really thank you for lending a hand and enabling me to craft my own life weapon. Hahaha..." Ye Qingyu laughed heartily.

The faint red glow in his palm suddenly turned bright and dazzling.

A mysterious aura started to circulate around the Azure Cloud Platform.

This force caused the heavens and earth to change in color and the mountains and rivers to lose their glow. It was an awe-inspiring power that could shake one's soul. The Azure Cloud Platform started to trembled as well and the green bricks that were imbued with Emperor qi resonated with Dao sounds, as though they were responding to some phenomenon or exclaiming in awe...

Outside the boundary of the Azure Cloud Platform’s light shield, the Nine Heavens shook, and thunder and lightning rumbled like thousands of explosive silver snakes that wildly charged down toward the ground, but they were all held at bay by the light shield.

The wisp of red splendor in Ye Qingyu's palm grew even brighter and more mysterious.

An even more terrifying power started to spread and circulate around the surroundings.

It was the Emperor's qi.

It was clearly the emperor's qi.

A pure force that was a sign of a Martial Emperor's power started to circulate from the faint red light.

"How could this happen?" King Zhenyuan was astonished and instinctively sensed that something was wrong.

He had already noticed this sword earlier, and when he had attacked with his [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites], he had sensed the aura emitting from the sword and determined that it was merely a fake Emperor weapon. Even though it was a fake Emperor weapon of the highest quality, it was still a fake Emperor weapon.

However, this Emperor qi...

This power was only something that an authentic Emperor weapon could emit.

What is happening?

Had Zhang Longcheng been putting on an act earlier?

"Hahaha, the rivers are so clear that it is as though the clouds had dissolved into water, and this reflects how I'm feeling right now. The lush skies guided the sword's appearance while earth spirits imbued my sword with a soul, my personal Dao was its heart, and now the Emperor qi has helped me forge the sword. I used my blood as a blazing flame, the clouds have soared above the Azure Cloud Platform, and now, my [Blood Drinker Sword] has formed an Emperor will... My very own Emperor life weapon has been formed today. Hahaha!" Ye Qingyu laughed heartily.

He had forged this sword when he was cultivating in the Immortal Domain and the [Blood Drinker Sword] was almost complete, but it was still some ways from becoming a genuine Emperor weapon. He had yet to become an Emperor and was thus naturally unable to forge an Emperor weapon. Normally, a Martial Emperor would only work at forging his own life weapon after becoming an Emperor, and that would take an enormous amount of time and effort.

However, Ye Qingyu was a master weaponsmith of his time, and it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that although there might be others who could be more outstanding than him, they were definitely not much more superior than he was.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] was initially the result of serendipity, but it had been refined dozens of times, so it had already become one with Ye Qingyu's Dao technique. There was only one thing holding it back from becoming an Emperor weapon.

The ancient and wise Emperors chose to craft their own martial weapons after becoming Emperors because an Emperor's qi was needed to craft an Emperor weapon. Ye Qingyu had employed such dangerous tactics today to leverage the strength of others. He had secretly exerted a refining technique as he made use of the Emperor qi contained within the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] to further refine his [Blood Drinker Sword]. After he bore the brunt of the eight attacks from the Samsara Disc, he finally managed to have a breakthrough and create a miracle. He had created his very own life Emperor weapon before he became an Emperor himself.

This was something that no one else had achieved before him and it was a feat that his descendants would never be able to equal.

His time, luck, and opportunities had all come together perfectly.

If it had been anyone else at another time and place, Ye Qingyu might not have been so confident.

Unfortunately, the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was going all out to kill him and even lent the Emperor weapon of his race to King Zhenyuan in his efforts to kill him. This was why Ye Qingyu managed to seize this opportunity to forge his own life weapon. After all, King Zhenyuan was not a true Martial Emperor himself, and although he still managed to unleash terrifying power from the Samsara Disc, he would not be able to help Ye Qingyu. If the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had been the one wielding this weapon, Ye Qingyu might not even have been able to survive three rounds of attacks from the Samsara Disc.

The Sky Fox clan had tried to use this Emperor weapon to their advantage only to end up worse off.

The Emperor qi circulated around the Azure Cloud Platform.

Ye Qingyu stretched out his hand as he continued to chuckle on the platform.

The moment he opened his palm, there was a bright flash of red radiance, as though a red planet had appeared in his palm. Soon afterward, this red radiance started to flicker strangely and continually changed colors. It turned from red to orange, to yellow, green, blue, and purple, and finally transformed into a dazzling silver color, as clear as an autumn river current. Then, it turned into a long sword and landed in his palm.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] had become an Emperor weapon.

It was no longer red, but silver in color.

This was because Ye Qingyu's cultivation was closely linked to the ice element—he liked to wear white clothing and silver was his favorite color. Thus, the [Blood Drinker Sword] turned into a silver sword, and now that it was an Emperor weapon, it could transform into any color and shape at will.

"I'll be able to conquer everything with this sword in my hands."

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt invincible as he held this sword.

Frankly, he was secretly a little disappointed since he had hoped that King Zhenyuan could activate the vitality contained within his own body through this battle and cause him to become an Emperor, but it was clear that this force alone was not enough for him to become an Emperor. It was only enough for him to forge his own Emperor weapon.

After he held the sword, his figure became ethereal and Dao essence swirled around him as though he were an Immortal. He exuded such a noble and authoritative force that no one could look directly at him—he looked like a completely different person.

"No way, you..." Something flashed through his mind and King Zhenyuan vaguely had an inkling of what had just happened, but he found this idea absolutely ridiculous and he refused to believe it.

He yelled fiercely and his expression turned savage.

Then, he suddenly acted as if realization had dawned.

"Hahaha, I can't believe I almost fell for it. The sovereign of the Sun clan had probably given you some kind of Emperor weapon but this weapon must have been sealed earlier, so you needed to leverage my attacks to forge this weapon. How could it be? Who do you think you are... Haha, this is the final attack before I send you to hell... This shall be the ninth attack of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites]... The destructive power of Samsara!"

The power of the final attack of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] circulated and a ray of pitch-black light that contained the power of the Nine Heavens hurtled toward Ye Qingyu. It moved so powerfully that it caused the Azure Cloud Platform to tremble.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

"Now that I've forged my own Emperor weapon, you're no longer my match."

He slashed out casually with his [Blood Drinker Sword].

The sword will of the Life Sword swirled all around.

Now that it had the reinforcement of an Emperor weapon and since it was also a weapon personally forged by himself, this attack was many times more powerful than before, and its strength was simply off the charts. A visible, silver sword splendor ripped through the air, split the void apart, and also tore apart the final terrifying attack from the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites]. It moved as powerfully as a blazing flame licking at paper, completely swallowing the black light from the ninth opposite.

The sword light's power did not diminish at all as it hurtled toward King Zhenyuan.

"Oh no..." King Zhenyuan was terrified.

He hastily exerted the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] to block this attack.

Rumble!

The sky was filled with broken formation shards.

A white jade disc that was a big as a human palm was knocked away from King Zhenyuan. This jade disc was extremely crystalline and it had the luster of goat fat. Although it was not transparent, it was extremely thick and heavy. It was shaped like a bagua and its handiwork was extremely exquisite. But upon closer observation, one could see that the bagua formation was in the opposite direction, and in particular, the yin-yang symbol in the middle was also in the opposite direction. The wrong direction in which the yin-yang symbol and the eight symbols of the bagua formation faced made up a total of nine opposites.

This jade disc was the Emperor weapon of the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan, the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites].

The jade disc helped King Zhenyuan ward of this deadly blow at the critical moment.

However, King Zhenyuan had also lost control of the jade disc at the same time.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The jade disc vibrated and turned into a white ray of flowing light that shot out of the Azure Cloud Platform. It slammed against the protective shield of the platform so hard that it was as though a huge stone had crashed against a river, then countless green ripples spread out all across the shield. It struggled a few times but it was still unable to penetrate through the shield of the platform.

Ye Qingyu's expression changed slightly as he watched this scene.

However, he soon turned away from the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] to look at King Zhenyuan.

Cold sweat immediately ran down King Zhenyuan's body.

Ye Qingyu's sword attack earlier had seemed like he had simply waved his sword on a whim, but it had been imbued with terrifying energy. He had sensed an authentic Emperor qi from his attack and this force was far more superior than the Emperor qi he could manage to exert from the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites]. This clearly meant that the sword in Ye Qingyu's hands was a genuine Emperor weapon.

It was an authentic Emperor weapon.

The fact that Zhang Longcheng had managed to shatter the most powerful attack of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] so effortlessly meant that Zhang Longcheng was a lot more powerful than he was. This left him feeling enraged and resentful, but at the same time, he was also filled with overwhelming terror.

That was because he was at an absolute disadvantage.

No, this was no longer about him being in a disadvantageous position, his situation looked absolutely hopeless.

King Zhenyuan could not believe that he had lost even though he had revealed his trump card. And at the same time, this was the first time he was so consumed with terror because he could see his own demise—he saw his own death written all over Ye Qingyu's eyes.

"I..." King Zhenyuan tried to plead for mercy, but he suddenly realized that everything that happened here could be seen by everyone at the Azure Cloud Platform. Everything he said and did here could be seen and heard by everyone else, so he immediately couldn't bring himself to beg for mercy.

After all, he was nobility and had been in such a lofty position for so long that he valued his pride above everything else.

"Once you step onto the Azure Cloud Platform, your bones will be buried within the green clouds... Whose bones do you think will be buried within the clouds this time?" Ye Qingyu looked at him as though he was an ant that could be crushed at any moment, rather than a formidable opponent.

King Zhenyuan trembled uncontrollably and tried to speak a few times but nothing came out of his mouth.

He might be extremely haughty and arrogant but he was no fool. He knew that Zhang Longcheng would determine whether he lived or died. Thousands of ideas flashed across his mind but he could not think of any way to turn this situation around.

"I shall accord you the respect of an expert who is merely nine steps below a true Martial Emperor. And since you're also the ruler of the camp, I shall permit you to commit suicide. I will spare the Yuan clan," Ye Qingyu said. He felt a little sorry to see the end of King Zhenyuan, but he would not spare him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1171:


Chapter 1186 - Getting Rid of Evil

"Ha ha, ha ha ha ha..." King Zhenyuan started with a soft chuckle that grew into hearty laughter. He sounded a little crazed as he said, "Ha ha ha, well, well, I never thought that after ruling over the Dark Realm and defeating countless prodigies and enemies, that I'd end up dying here on this platform and that my bones will be buried amongst the white clouds. Ha ha ha, well, very well..."

He laughed until he was about to cry.

He had never expected the battle to end this way and was unable to accept this outcome.

Yet, this seemed like the best outcome.

King Zhenyuan was an ambitious man, but even he could tell that other than stretching out his neck to face the executioner's sword, he could not do anything else. Zhang Longcheng had clearly sealed his death sentence and gave him a chance to salvage his pride. After he died, the Yuan clan would receive a pardon and no one else will have to die.

"Very well. I guess, I'll have to choose to commit suicide," the King of Zhenyuan's laughter died away and his expression reverted to calmness.

He nodded and took two steps backward. His yuan qi and divine sense became more concentrated and the aura that his body exuded became more frenzied. This was the beginnings of a Dao-dissolution and it seemed like he had submitted to his destiny.

Ye Qingyu remained silent.

This would be the best outcome but it was clear that King Zhenyuan was not someone who would quietly admit defeat.

He gathered his entire body's cultivation and compressed them to their maximum limits, then a glimpse of ruthlessness and savageness appeared on his face and he turned into a ray of flowing light that hurtled rapidly at Ye Qingyu...

"Let's go to hell together," he bellowed.

He exerted his own yuan qi and activated several fake Emperor weapons in his possession as he prepared to self-detonate and bring Ye Qingyu down with him. He would kill himself together with Ye Qingyu if he had to die.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and waved his [Blood Drinker Sword].

The Life Sword's sword radiance scattered everywhere and reacted like fire on paper, instantly vanquishing the terrifying yuan qi energy waves and all his cruel qi. His figure that was charging toward Ye Qingyu also froze mid-air as though he had been fossilized and he couldn't take another step forward.

"I refuse to admit defeat, I simply refuse to..." King Zhenyuan said numbly and his face was full of resentment and hatred.

"You brought about your own destruction with your evil deeds," Ye Qingyu said coldly, "You didn't even spare a thought for your family before you died. I should have known you would act this selfishly and cruelly."

"Ha ha ha..." King Zhenyuan laughed evilly and retorted disdainfully, "There would be no reason for the King of Zhenyuan's residence to continue existing after my death. Every single one of them is completely useless anyway so even if you spare them, it is only a matter of time before they are killed by the rest of the noblemen. What a pity that I wasn't able to kill you in my lifetime. I'll definitely turn into an evil spirit after my death and continue to haunt you."

There was a sudden soft bang after he spoke and his figure exploded like fireworks in the void then vanished in a puff of green smoke as he disappeared from the face of this world.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

"I can't believe you still refuse to admit the truth. I wasn't afraid of you while you were alive, let alone after your death," he said.

Then, he retracted his sword and stood on the platform.

Thus, the battle that has stunned the entire Royal City and the Dark Realm came to a close. This put an end to the battle with an outcome no one had expected.

The hundreds and thousands of noblemen on the Azure Cloud Square were completely frozen in shock as though their soul and sense of logic had left them. They even forgot to gasp as they remained glued blankly to their stone chairs.

The Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan's residence, Princess Poison Flower and the Second Prince Yuan Wenguo all looked as though they had been struck by lightning and their shock, terror, disbelief, and incredulity were written all over their faces. They looked like extremely lifelike statues that had been carved to display all the despairing expressions that men could make.

The noblemen who had aligned themselves with the King of Zhenyuan's residence had been cheering him on ingratiatingly moments earlier and falling all over themselves to prove their loyalty to him, but they were all now like orphans who had just lost their parents and their misery was written all over their faces. Their minds were a complete blank now that the powerful figure that they had relied on had suddenly been killed. They could already see the collapse of the King of Zhenyuan's residence and knew that they would be like homeless dogs without a master, who could be killed by the other forces at any moment.

Obviously, no one was more conflicted than Nie Tiankong at the moment.

He looked in disbelief at the scene in front of him and kept replaying the moment where King Zhenyuan was effortlessly destroyed by Ye Qingyu in his mind's eye. He was completely consumed by regret and remorse.

He wanted nothing more than for time to turn back to that fateful night when he entered the Sky Fox clan's residence. This was the only way he could undo the biggest mistake of his life.

If he had the ability to see into the future, he would have taken Zhang Longcheng's side no matter what it took.

Zhang Longcheng's display of his combat abilities on the Azure Cloud Platform had astounded everybody. King Zhenyuan was a nine-step Quasi-emperor and proclaimed himself to be the most powerful person under a Martial Emperor. With the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] of the Sky Fox clan in his hands, his strength could be comparable to a Martial Emperor but he had been reduced to dust by Zhang Longcheng. This was enough to see how powerful Zhang Longcheng was.

If his own residence had such an invincible and powerful expert on his side, this could signify the rise of the Nie clan.

Damn it, he had already taken Zhang Longcheng's side on so many occasions and for such a long period of time that he had already gained Zhang Longcheng's favor and everyone else assumed that Zhang Longcheng was on his side, so why did he abandon Zhang Longcheng at the final and most critical moment? Why did he abandon the key to the glorious rise of the Nie clan?

Nie Tiankong could have spat out blood for he was so consumed with remorse.

He looked around at his trusted generals all around him. These were the same people who had persuaded him to give up on Zhang Longcheng but their heads were all bowed now as though they were pretending that nothing had changed. No one dared to look at him and he suddenly had an urge to draw his knife to kill all these useless men.

"Sigh, I regret not listening to Linghu Buxiu's words," Nie Tiankong finally remembered Linghu Buxiu's words. If he had listened to his advice, then... What a pity that the damage was already done.

He subconsciously turned his head and noticed that Marquis Tingtao, his daughter, and Linghu Buxiu who stood beside the core members of the King of Zhenyuan's residence were still in absolute shock and their bodies shook in excitement but they couldn't express anything else.

At this point in time, these three figures were the focus of everyone's attention.

"Father, he won, he won...." Lin Nanzhu finally regained her wits and yelled excitedly while her eyes shone brightly with tears.

Marquis Tingtao's face was also streaked with tears.

Only those who had once experienced extreme pressure would be able to empathize with Marquis Tingtao and his daughter at the moment. Furthermore, they were the only few people who understood Ye Qingyu's intentions and the implications of the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] winning this battle.

Linghu Buxiu wished he could be like the legendary wise men and pretend to brush this historic moment off like it was nothing, but for some reason and despite his old age, he could still feel tears pricking at his eyes.

The entire Linghu clan had been under immense pressure and had been harassed incessantly because of him over the past few days.

On the Azure Cloud Platform.

The azure emperor force light shield dissipated.

Swish!

The [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] was finally freed and it transformed into a speck of flowing light that shot toward the Sky Fox clan's residence.

Ye Qingyu stood quietly on the spot and waited for the Azure Cloud Platform to descend.

According to the rules, the Azure Cloud Platform would slowly descend to the Azure Cloud Square once the battle had ended. The battle would only be considered over after the azure bricks stopped circulating with Emperor qi. As the victor, Ye Qingyu would stand to enjoy immense glory and honor, but he was not interested in all that.

However, the Azure Cloud Platform did not descend even after some time had passed.

Initially, he was a little surprised, but this surprise soon turned to shock.

He sensed a barely perceptible killing intent in the void around him and at the same time, an elusive Emperor qi that was very well concealed gradually surrounded the platform, as though it was trying to trap him on the platform.

"Huh?"

Ye Qingyu's expression changed as he sensed danger.

"I see that the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan has arrived. Why don't you show yourself?" Ye Qingyu noticed that the qi waves of this aura was very similar to the hidden aura of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] earlier and immediately guessed who this person was.

As he expected, a voice rang out coldly from the void, "Not bad. You've sensed my presence so quickly that I can't help but admit that the younger generation has surpassed the older generation..." then, a figure that resembled a watercolor painting slowly appeared within the white clouds. The right of this figure's body was completely white while the left side was completely black and his hair color was also similarly split along the same lines. His black and white hair was several hundred meters long and flowed along the void like a waterfall to form a black and white octagon.

He was the Martial Emperor of the Sky Fox clan.

The patriarch of the Sky Foxes.

This was the first time Ye Qingyu had seen a living Martial Emperor.

As he felt the terrifying aura that was as abundant as the sea emitting from this figure and couldn't help but feel a shiver of fear run down his spine. He asked warily, "May I know why the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan has come?"

There was nothing he liked about this Martial Emperor who had helped King Zhenyuan to kill him and frankly, they should be considered enemies, so he did not speak kindly to this Martial Emperor.

Ye Qingyu's current cultivation and the fact that he now possessed a life Emperor weapon meant that he did not have to fear a Martial Emperor any longer.

"I'm here to get rid of evil," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said with a small smile.

"Oh? Getting rid of evil? Where is this evil?" Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed brightly as though he already knew what the sovereign would say next.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clansaid clearly, "It might seem far, but this evil is actually right in front of me. I'm referring to you, Military Judge Zhang Longcheng... I'm left with no choice but to kill you for the sake of the stability and the order of the camp. Please do not resist me. Accept your fate and I'll grant you a quick death."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1172:


Chapter 1187 - Invitation to Battle

Ye Qingyu was surprised but he was not afraid or terrified.

Because he had expected this to happen.

The fact that the Sky Fox clan had thrown their support behind King Zhenyuan and even lent him an Emperor weapon showed their intense desire to kill Ye Qingyu. Ye Qingyu did not know why the Sky Fox clan had such enmity for him, but he would never retreat.

He recalled the countless battles that he had experience and each time he faced an unbeatable opponent, he ultimately managed to gain the upper hand to emerge victorious. He had accumulated so much experience that he now had the ability to face a Martial Emperor, so he was not afraid at all.

"If you want to condemn somebody, you could always trump up charges against them," Ye Qingyu said in a dignified manner. "Since I assumed the position of the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], everything I've done was for the sake of the camp and I've acted within the confines of the martial law. I've swept the skies and cleansed this place of evil in accordance with the law that the wise Great Emperors have put in place, so don't you think it's unreasonable to call me an 'evil being'?"

"Haha, you might not have committed any evil deeds yet, but in the future, you will definitely bring harm upon the camp and ignite a terrible massacre that will cause widespread destruction. Therefore, I have to get rid of the root of evil today in order to prevent these things from happening in the future," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said gravely. "If you're truly acting for the good of the camp and if you sincerely care for the millions of living creatures within the camp, then don't resist me. This will be the greatest blessing you can bring upon this land."

Ye Qingyu burst out laughing at his words.

He looked at the phantom figure in the void and said clearly, "If I hadn't heard this from a Martial Emperor myself, I would have thought that these words were from the mouth of a lunatic. I would have thought that you were joking since you're condemning me to death on the basis of such groundless charges."

"How dare you speak to a Martial Emperor in this manner?" someone yelled fiercely in the void. Then, the figures of several elite experts flickered. It was none other than the clan elder of the Sky Fox clan and several other elite experts from his race.

The top-level experts of the Sky Fox clan had shown up together at once.

This clearly had been planned beforehand, as it could not have been something that was put together in the spur of the moment.

Two rays of divine radiance as sharp as two divine swords suddenly shot out from Ye Qingyu's eyes then swept the surroundings, while his divine sense surged like an abundant ocean. The clan elder of the Sky Fox clan and the ten other experts that were with him were immediately so struck with terror that their faces were drained of all color, as though they had seen a savage monster.

"Who do you think you are? How dare you interrupt my conversation with the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan?" Ye Qingyu said sharply as he unleashed his matchless aura. He sounded like he was admonishing a junior martial artist. "Get lost now. Do you really think that your skulls are harder than the King of Zhenyuan's?"

Murderous spirit exploded so violently out of him that it was as though it had taken on a solid form.

A chill ran down the spines of the clan elder of the Sky Fox clan and the others.

They were all Quasi-emperors, but when Ye Qingyu flew into a rage, all of them shivered in fright like they were in the presence of an elder of their race.

"You may leave. Since Military Judge Zhang Longcheng refuses to eliminate his own evil, I have no choice but to do the deed myself," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said, speaking with absolute authority.

The clan elder of the Sky Fox clan waved his hand and retreated with the Quasi-emperors of his race.

"Zhang Longcheng... Haha, I should just call you by your name instead. I'll give you one last chance. If you refuse to die, I could spare you but only if you swear fealty to the Sky Fox clan and hand over that sword in your hands," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said slowly and grimly as he suddenly changed his stance.

"Hahahaha..." Ye Qingyu laughed maniacally. "I was still trying to understand why you were trying to kill me, but now I see that it is because you have taken a shine to my life weapon, and thus, you're resorting to such despicable means to take it from me. How shameless could you get? How could a lofty Martial Emperor like yourself resort to stealing another's possessions? Your Highness, you're lowering your status with your words."

The expressions of countless people in the void and in the Azure Cloud Square immediately changed.

The Azure Cloud Platform had yet to descend onto the square, so the Emperor qi still continued to project the scene on the platform. Thus, everyone could clearly see and hear Zhang Longcheng admonishing a lofty sovereign of this age. All the noblemen were completely stunned by Zhang Longcheng's actions.

They were even more shocked than they had been earlier when King Zhenyuan perished in battle.

The Quasi-emperors of the Sky Fox clan in the sky immediately became enraged.

"How dare you?"

"You must be courting death!"

Two Quasi-emperors of the Sky Fox clan yelled angrily and immediately attacked. The fake Emperor weapons in their hands shot across the air, and the air was filled with the power of Dao laws that surged toward Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu scoffed coldly and his eyes hardened icily as the [Blood Drinker Sword] appeared in his hands once again. He slashed out with his sword, and the sword will of the Life Sword charged through the air. Countless thin silver formation chains merged together to form a sword radiance that exploded like a bright sun moving across the sky.

"Oh no..." the clan elder of the Sky Fox clan exclaimed in shock.

The next instant, the sword radiance completely absorbed and destroyed the two Dao forces from the two Quasi-emperors. And at the same time, it also absorbed the fake Emperor weapons in their hands as well as their bodies.

Everything dissolved into wisps of smoke and ash.

The two Quasi-emperors of the Sky Fox clan were instantly turned into dust and vanished from the face of the world.

The clan elder of the Sky Fox clan was both shocked and livid as he sputtered, "You... How could you... You... actually dared to kill the experts of my race! Do you know, you..."

Ye Qingyu scoffed coldly then said, "Moron, stop repeating these nonsensical words in front of me. The Sky Fox clan was already destined to be my enemy from the very moment you decided to support the King of Zhenyuan. Are you trying to tell me that you're the only one who could try to ambush me, and I'm forbidden from retaliating?"

The clan elder of the Sky Fox clan and the other experts were completely dumbfounded.

How could King Zhenyuan be compared to them? They were a supremely powerful race with a living Martial Emperor at its helm, so whoever dared to pit themselves against their race would definitely be courting death. After so many years, was there ever a time when someone had dared to say such audacious words in front of them?

King Zhenyuan himself, who was known to be the most powerful person of the camp with the exception of a Martial Emperor, whose Yuan clan had made significant contributions to the camp for generations and who had such outstanding military exploits, would have to bow deferentially when he spoke to the Sky Fox clan.

Indeed, they had gotten used to being the ones who schemed against and bullied others and did not expect any resistance from their opponent while doing so. The Sky Fox clan had lent their [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] to King Zhenyuan in a bid to kill Ye Qingyu, but unfortunately, this plan had failed. Nonetheless, they assumed that even if Zhang Longcheng survived, he would naturally understand the intent of the Sky Fox clan and would thus try to grovel for his life or curry their favor to change their opinions of him. They had never imagined that he would resort to such violent means...

"We... The sovereign of my race will never let you off. My sovereign..." a Quasi-emperor of the Sky Fox clan sputtered even while he trembled in fear.

"Shut up." Ye Qingyu immediately cut him off.

His gaze swept across the remaining few experts of the Sky Fox clan and looked at them with contempt and disdain as he said fiercely, "Your sovereign is all that you ever talk about. Haha, don't you know that your sovereign is not the only person who exists within this camp? Do you truly think that your race has the right to rule over the entire world? Haha, as a Martial Emperor, the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan cultivated bad values and failed to strengthen the Sky Fox clan. Instead, he raised a bunch of short-sighted and uncouth creatures like yourselves, so how are you any different from the maggots of the underworld? You have all been hiding under the protection of the sovereign of your race and have long lost the true heart of a martial artist. None of you will be able to truly challenge the status quo and all of you lack the courage to attack a true expert—all you've been doing has been bullying the weak. What a joke. Your actions are simply ludicrous. The Sky Fox clan seems powerful but in fact, it is weak inside. Despite all of you being Quasi-emperors, you all behave no differently from pigs and dogs. Get out of my way. Otherwise, don't blame me if I don't show you mercy. I could kill all of you and completely destroy the Sky Fox clan."

Then, Ye Qingyu ignored the Quasi-emperors of the Sky Fox clan, who were like flowers in a greenhouse, and turned his sword toward the half-black, half-white phantom figure with long hair.

"Sovereign of the Sky Fox clan, first, you made use of King Zhenyuan in an attempt to kill me, then you slandered my good name and even tried to steal my life weapon from me. This enmity and grudge between us will not end until one of us is dead. Do you dare to face me in battle?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Thunder and lightning suddenly appeared in the sky as though this phantom figure was responding to him.

"He's gone mad, absolutely mad..." The clan elder of the Sky Fox clan looked like he had been struck by lightning and stumbled backward in the void while he stared at Ye Qingyu in horror as though he had just seen a crazed demon.

Did he truly dare to challenge a Martial Emperor?

How could he?

A Quasi-emperor challenging a Martial Emperor was the most insane and fastest way to die. Ever since the Sky Fox clan Martial Emperor had shown the world that he was invincible, no one throughout history had ever dared to challenge a at the Quasi-emperor level to battle.

Was Zhang Longcheng truly not afraid of anything?

Everyone on the Azure Cloud Square along with the elderly sovereign, who was keeping an eye on this scene in the ancestral shrine of the Sun clan on the other end of Royal City, were all stunned.

What is he trying to do?

This was the first thought that popped into the sovereign of the Sun clan's mind.

However, he soon realized that the Zhang Longcheng he knew was definitely not a reckless person. This was just like when he had made use of the power of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] earlier on the Azure Cloud Platform to refine his own life Emperor weapon earlier. Everyone had thought that he must have lost his mind and found his actions ridiculous, but this had been part of Zhang Longcheng's plan all along.

Because he had taken the initiative to challenge the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan to a battle, does that mean...

The sovereign of the Sun clan started to mull this over.

...

"Very well," the half-black, half-white figure in the void responded.

His voice rumbled like thunder that caused everyone's hearts to quake intensely, as though it had the power to shatter their hearts.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had actually agreed to Ye Qingyu's challenge instead of scoffing disdainfully.

What did that mean?

Did the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan truly think that Zhang Longcheng was a worthy opponent? A Martial Emperor would only agree to a match if he had met a worthy opponent.

The entire Royal City also started to quake gently as yuan qi that was so powerful that it was without rival arose from the Sky Fox clan residence located several hundred kilometers away to descend upon the world.

This was the true power of the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

The phantom figure that had appeared in the void earlier was merely an energy hologram.

It hadn't been the true power of a Martial Emperor.

This was also why the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had been unable to stop Ye Qingyu from killing the two Quasi-emperors earlier. Now, as the aura that originated from the Sky Fox clan residence swarmed toward it, the phantom figure's yuan qi grew more powerful and more realistic.

An authentic Martial Emperor was about to appear.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

