Chapter 1137:


Chapter 1152 - Military Judge of the Nine Swords


"Lord Zhang Longcheng, please wait," Nie Tiankong spoke with some urgency and his voice rumbled across the night sky. He moved like a ray of flowing light and instantly appeared by Ye Qingyu's side.

There were several men behind him and Linghu Buxiu was amongst them.

"Greetings, Lord Nie Tiankong," Ye Qingyu immediately wiped the smile off his face, turned around and bowed to Nie Tiankong.

Nie Tiankong heaved a sigh of relief and said, "Lord Zhang Longcheng, please rise...'

His expression seemed a little complicated.

He realized that Zhang Longcheng had a knack for stirring up trouble. It had only been a few days since he arrived at the Royal City, but he had already attracted so much attention to himself and now, even the King of Zhenyuan's residence had been dragged into this. This was a rather curious ability he had, attracting trouble wherever he went. He recalled the battle at the Demon Stone Forest, looked back at the scene in front of him and didn't know whether to laugh or to cry.

"Help, Commander Nie Tiankong. Help me... boohoohoo!"

She sobbed loudly.

Princess Poison Flower finally let out a sigh of relief at the sight of Nie Tiankong and immediately burst into tears like a bullied child who had finally caught sight of her parents. She inched closer toward Nie Tiankong and treated him like her savior.

Was this really the princess who was usually known for being ruthless?

Nie Tiankong couldn't help but gasp.

He then turned and looked at Ye Qingyu in confusion, but there was also subtle teasing glint in his eyes, as though he was asking if Ye Qingyu had made advances on the Princess.

Ye Qingyu understood the question in his eyes and was speechless.

"Lord Nie Tiankong, this woman brought her men here and tried to kill me," Ye Qingyu said, full of righteous indignation as he reported what had happened earlier. "She's only the daughter of a King and doesn't hold any official appointment. Yet, she broke the curfew and mobilized the soldiers stationed at her residence to attack the inn in the middle of the night. She even killed the ten soldiers that you had assigned to guard me and behaved as though she was completely above the law. My Lord, this woman should be sentenced to death without further investigation according to the law of Royal City," he said, deliberately putting on an indignant act.

"No no no, this is a misunderstanding..." Princess Poison Flower said. She was in a terribly miserable state and looked a little disheveled.

She didn't even dare to look at Ye Qingyu. It was as though she could still feel the iciness and impending doom from the handprint that was left clearly on her neck and she was utterly terrified of Ye Qingyu after witnessing his coldness and killing intent, so she did her best to inch closer toward Nie Tiankong.

"Commander Nie Tiankong, I admit to my mistakes, please save me..."

The lofty princess was on the verge of a breakdown.

She had gotten used to everyone submitting to her and obeying her orders, and basked in her own sense of superiority. No one had ever dared to go against her wishes, but today, someone was bold enough to kill her and had actually almost killed her. This level of terror was something that she had never experienced and this had completely changed her outlook on life. Her tough and merciless appearance had shattered and she had fallen from her lofty ivory tower.

"Lord Nie Tiankong, this woman is terribly evil, so we mustn't let her off the hook easily," Ye Qingyu insisted.

Nie Tiankong had an idea when he saw the expression on Ye Qingyu's face.

He waved his hand, then turned to the Princess and said, "Your Highness, you have behaved far too recklessly tonight. It might be Lord Zhang Longcheng's first time at Royal City, but he is still a titled nobleman, so how could you have led your men to launch an attack against him? You were at fault for doing so, so even though you're a high-born, you'll still have to pay the price... According to the Guardian's law at Royal City, there's only one way to resolve this issue and that is to challenge him to a duel."

This was indeed one way of settling disputes amongst titled noblemen.

Obviously, this wasn't the only way.

He had his own reasons for making this proposal.

Recently, the King of Zhenyuan was away leading an expedition against the Fire Province, and during his absence, Princess Poison Flower had behaved very arrogantly and was constantly going against Nie Tiankong. She had hurled insults at him on many occasions and treated him with contempt. Take this incident for example and this had initially been a tiny matter about his men beating up her servant. Nie Tiankong had already personally stepped in to soothe her ruffled feathers and although Princess Poison Flower had accepted his explanation, she had secretly tried to kill Ye Qingyu. If her plan had succeeded, this would have been a slap on Nie Tiankong's face and the authority that he had worked so hard to earn would be damaged.

"Very well. My lord, your humble subordinate is willing to challenge this evil woman to a duel to resolve this matter once and for all," Ye Qingyu said obligingly and balled his hands into fists, a picture of ferocity.

"What?" Princess Poison Flower glanced at Ye Qingyu and started trembling in fear all over again as though she had seen a serpent. "No no no, I don't want to see him. Commander Nie Tiankong, I admit that I was wrong. You must save me..."

She still had a shred of intelligence left and knew that if she wanted to escape with her life tonight, Nie Tiankong was the only person who could save her.

"Uh..." Nie Tiankong acted like he felt very conflicted.

Ye Qingyu laughed coldly and doggedly, "Weren't you behaving extremely arrogantly earlier? You didn't even take Commander Nie Tiankong's words seriously and assumed that you could use your family's powerful influence to crush anything that stands in your way. Yet, you're now behaving like a defeated dog. I'm really embarrassed for the King of Zhenyuan's residence... since you're such an embarrassment to your family, what's the point in living? You should die."

He still bore killing intent toward her.

Princess Poison Flower had been too ruthless earlier and killed so many innocent people at the inn.

Ye Qingyu was also weighing his options.

If Nie Tiankong showed any sign of wavering, he truly meant to kill Princess Poison Flower today. This was as good an opportunity as any and he meant what he said earlier about implementing reform - that was his true intention.

"No no no, Commander Nie Tiankong, save me. I'm willing to agree to anything you ask," Princess Poison Flower begged.

Nie Tiankong contemplated her words and remained silent for a while.

Ye Qingyu continued to draw closer to her.

Princess Poison Flower was absolutely petrified and said, "Commander Nie Tiankong, let's have a civil discussion about this. I'd be able to assist you in many ways..."

Nie Tiankong nodded to himself, but he still pretended to mull over her words for a long moment before he finally sighed and looked at Ye Qingyu as he said, "Lord Zhang Longcheng, this is a serious matter since the King of Zhenyuan is considered to be a major power of the camp. Why don't I arrest Princess Poison Flower first and bring her to trial? I'll definitely give you an explanation thereafter. What do you think of this proposal?"

Ye Qingyu immediately understood that Nie Tiankong wanted to squeeze whatever value he could out of Princess Poison Flower. Now that the King of Zhenyuan himself wasn't at the Royal City, she would indeed make a good pawn.

"Of course, I'll follow your wishes," Ye Qingyu immediately nodded and agreed to the plan.

The King of Zhenyuan was far away at the Fire Province and now that Ye Qingyu knew that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] might be holding fort at the Fire Province, he couldn't help but be a little worried. Thus, if he could stir up some form of trouble for the King of Zhenyuan here at Royal City, he would definitely be able to help [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. More importantly, he had to respect Nie Tiankong's wishes since he would have to rely on Nie Tiankong if he wanted to deal with the problem at the Fire Province.

"Very well," Nie Tiankong said with a smile.

He was very satisfied with Ye Qingyu's performance since Ye Qingyu had accorded him with the proper deference and respect.

He was so pleased that he almost chuckled to himself gleefully.

This was the best solution to resolve the incident tonight. Now that Princess Poison Flower was in his hands, she was the equivalent of a sharp sword that could tip the scales of the power balance at the Royal City. This also meant that he would no longer face any opposition to the plans he wanted to implement.

Nie Tiankong brought Princess Poison Flower away.

Linghu Buxiu didn't say anything, but he went over to pat Ye Qingyu's shoulder before he left.

Some people were just born to luck, so there was no use envying them.

Ye Qingyu had only been in Royal City for a few days but he had already helped Nie Tiankong's cause significantly by pure luck. Linghu Buxiu knew that Ye Qingyu's value in Nie Tiankong's eyes will only rise after tonight.

...

...

The next day.

At the break of dawn.

Everything had reverted back to normal at the inn when Ye Qingyu strode out of his new room.

The parts of the building that were damaged were all repaired before daybreak and those who were not in the know would not be able to tell what had happened last night from the building's exterior.

An even lesser known fact was that all the iron-clad guards that were stationed all around the inn last night had also completely vanished as though they had never appeared.

After Ye Qingyu finished his breakfast, the sound of Linghu Buxiu's laughter preceded him as he arrived at the inn and said, "Ha ha, I really admire how you're still so calm after what happened... Quick, follow me to the military headquarters. Your appointment has been finalized. Ha ha, congratulations, you've really secured yourself a good appointment this time."

Thirty minutes later.

Linghu Buxiu led Ye Qingyu to the military headquarters.

The architectural style of the military headquarters was largely similar to the rest of the buildings in the city, but it was much bigger in scale.

Linghu Buxiu waited outside the main entrance while Ye Qingyu was ushered into the main hall by another military officer.

He calmly emerged from the main hall after fifteen minutes.

Linghu Buxiu found his behavior odd and hurriedly asked, "What happened? Was there a change in your appointment?"

"Huh?" Ye Qingyu asked as he looked at him.

"Brother, your expression seemed a little grim. Was there a change in your appointment? Weren't you supposed to be appointed as the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords]?" Linghu Buxiu asked anxiously.

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "Yes, Lord Nie Tiankong has appointed me to be the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] of Royal City and had also given me the token of authority as well as the armor... Brother Linghu Buxiu, so you knew about my appointment before I did."

"Ah? Then, why are you still so calm? Don't... you know how powerful this position is? Wait, Commander Nie Tiankong should have already briefed you about it," Linghu Buxiu was bewildered by Ye Qingyu's calmness. He knew that whenever someone was appointed to a position, that person would have received a full briefing on what his position would entail.

Ye Qingyu had been appointed to be the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords].

This was the most powerful position in the military!

Although the military judge would not have command over troops, he would have the power to enforce law and order within the military and his responsibilities would be comparable to that of a judge. The nine swords represented the authority of the nine ancient Martial Emperors who founded the Guardians' Royal City and this gave him the power to kill noblemen and ordinary officials who broke the law. In fact, he would have the power to decide who ought to be killed and who could be spared, so this was a position that struck fear in everyone.

Linghu Buxiu had been utterly astonished when he heard about Ye Qingyu's appointment that morning and could barely hide his envy, so he couldn't understand how Ye Qingyu was so calm after receiving his appointment.

After all, this City Lord of Luoshen Ridge was also a minor nobleman governing a remote area and no matter how much faith Nie Tiankong had in him, Nie Tiankong could not single-handedly decide on his appointment, so it was almost impossible for him to be appointed to such a high-ranking position.

Later, he found out through the grapevine that this wasn't Nie Tiankong's idea, but a venerable elder who ranked even higher than Nie Tiankong in the military had made this surprising nomination and Nie Tiankong had merely gone along with the flow. This was how Ye Qingyu's appointment came about.

Damn it, Zhang Longcheng must have been blessed by his ancestors...

Linghu Buxiu couldn't figure out how Ye Qingyu had landed this position, but he could only accept it and vowed to be on even better terms with Ye Qingyu from now on. He hoped that he could wrangle a promotion or something through his association with Ye Qingyu.

He gave Ye Qingyu a friendly punch and said with a chuckle, "Ha ha, congratulations on your appointment. I'll treat you to dinner tonight to celebrate. I'll bring you out and also introduce you to my friends within the military. Everyone is dying to get to know you..."

"Thanks for the offer, Brother Linghu Buxiu," Ye Qingyu said.

He knew that Linghu Buxiu meant well and was hoping that he could assimilate well into the military organization as soon as possible.

He also planned to use this opportunity to observe the behavior of the regular troops of the Guardians' camp. He wanted to see if they were as corrupt and rotten to the core as the noblemen.

It would be even better if those men had news about the Fire Province.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1138:


Chapter 1153 - News of Little Nine

The Green Cloud Restaurant was a rather popular restaurant within the Central City of the Royal City.

This restaurant was backed by the military and had a history that spanned several thousand years. Most of the restaurant's customers were from the military and because there wasn't much military action to be seen at Royal City, most of these military men were relatively idle. When they weren't on duty, they would often visit the restaurant.

As dusk fell.

Several military officers came to the restaurant only to hear that someone had reserved the entire restaurant that night, so they would not serve any customers.

This was a regular occurrence as well.

Whenever the upper echelons of the military had a gathering, they would usually book out the entire restaurant.

Obviously, many military officers who had come looking forward to having a good meal would still grumble when they heard the news.

"Damn it, who is the arrogant prick this time who booked out the entire restaurant?"

"It can't be some minor nobleman from the countryside, right?"

"The Green Cloud Restaurant has been fully booked almost every day. Is this still a place catering to the military? I want to see who has booked the entire place today..."

Several military officers who seemed to be more than ordinary officers stood drunkenly at the doorway and refused to leave, creating quite a commotion. There was still some time before curfew, so many onlookers had gathered along the streets to watch the scene.

Then, the waiter of the restaurant stepped out.

This waiter was a familiar face around the restaurant, so most military officers would recognize him. After he whispered something in their ears, even the most drunken military officer immediately sobered up and the group stopped kicking up a fuss. They thanked the waiter profusely and disappeared as fast as they could.

"What's going on?" someone exclaimed in surprise.

Another onlooker scratched his head in confusion and said, "Those military officers earlier were of pretty high ranking, especially the leader of that group. He is well known for being tough and reckless. I wonder what the waiter said, for all of them to have run off so quickly."

"Haha, I bet you didn't know this," someone else said with a mysterious smile. "The reason is simple. They can't afford to offend the person who booked the restaurant today."

"Who could it be?"

"I heard that the center of attraction tonight is the newly minted [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] who has just been appointed this afternoon, and the person who is throwing a banquet on his behalf is also a high-ranking military official..."

"What? Such an important figure is present tonight? No wonder they ran away!"

"Are you sure? This position is known to be the killing god of the military and has remained vacant for decades since the last Military Judge perished in battle. Has somebody finally been appointed to fill this position?"

Exclamations of surprise rippled through the crowd.

At the same time.

The sounds of merry chatter and laughter filled the restaurant.

A Demon Race military officer who was as burly as a huge bear rose to his feet, already feeling a little tipsy. He carried his wine bowl and approached Ye Qingyu. Then he said, "Military Judge Zhang Longcheng, I, Wu Pi, am not that good with words, so let's drink to celebrate your new appointment. Hehe, if I end up doing something wrong in the future, I hope you'll be able to show me mercy."

The entire restaurant roared with laughter at his words.

Although there were clearly divided camps within the Dark Realm, such as the Guardians, Dark Ones and Sinners, there was something special about this place that was a very rare sight in the Vast Thousand Domains: it was the fact that the Demon Race, the Human Race, the Ghost Race, and the Human-Beasts all co-existed harmoniously. This was especially so in the Guardians camp, as many races worked together collaboratively, as though they had forgotten that they all belonged to different factions. The Dark Realm did not focus on race but on talent for all official appointments.

For example, the King of Zhenyuan was actually a Quasi-emperor of the Heavenly Spider Race and his daughter, Princess Poison Flower, was a young Heavenly Spider, but the triangular-faced Wei Heng who Ye Qingyu had killed was a Saint expert of the Native Dog Race, while Offering Gu was an assassin that belonged to the Demon Mantis Race. There were tens of thousands of creatures living in the King of Zhenyuan's residence, and there were people of the Human Race, the Demon Race and a myriad of other races.

The situation was the same within the military camp.

There were people from the Demon Race, Human Race, Human-Beast Race, and many other primitive races, who were employed in a diverse range, from positions ranging from the lowliest of soldiers to the highest-ranked commanders and generals.

The burly military officer named Wu Pi who made the toast was an expert of the Black Wind Bear Race.

"Haha, thanks," Ye Qingyu said as he rose to his feet as well and they clinked their wine bowls together. "I'm only holding a nominal position, so I'll still be counting on all of you to carry out my duties smoothly."

Everyone laughed heartily.

Wu Pi was considered to be one of the lower-ranked military officials amongst those who were present tonight, but Ye Qinyu had treated him very respectfully and finished his entire wine bowl, so Wu Pi was very pleased. "My Lord, please don't stand on ceremony. If you ever need my help in the future, do let me know and I'll definitely extend a helping hand," he said.

Two hours had passed since the banquet started.

Thanks to Linghu Buxiu's introduction, Ye Qingyu had already hit it off with the hundreds of military officials gathered today. He had a photographic memory, so after the initial introduction, he could remember every single person's name and title. Then, he went around toasting with each and every one.

These military officials had wanted to get to know the newly appointed Military Judge, but after hearing about how this Military Judge had almost killed Princess Poison Flower, they assumed that he was a ruthless and aloof man. However, after getting to know him, they found him to be extremely likable and friendly, so the atmosphere in the restaurant became very relaxed and casual.

Everyone was getting along well with each other after several drinks.

"Marquis Lin Xuan, why do you look so glum?" Ye Qingyu asked as he approached a burly but white-haired middle-aged man with his wine bowl.

The middle-aged man had a pug nose and a broad mouth, cutting a commanding figure clad in his lightweight armor, but his long hair made him look like he had been through a snowstorm and was grey and grizzled. This wasn't normal because with this middle-aged man's cultivation and strength, he should be at his peak and his blood qi should have been as abundant as the ocean; his hair shouldn't have turned white prematurely. A smile had been pasted on his face the entire time, but he would often stare blankly into space as though he was very troubled.

He was the only person seated at this table.

He was Marquis Tingtao, Lin Xuan.

In terms of official rank and title, Marquis Tingtao, Lin Xuan definitely ranked among the top ten of the hundreds of officials present tonight. However, although the other military officials still toasted to his health, it was clear that he was being ostracized; many people avoided speaking to him.

Many people at the Royal City knew that Lin Xuan had offended somebody and had committed a serious crime, so he would soon fall from grace. He would potentially lose not just his official title but his life and the lives of his family were also at stake. Thus, everyone treated him like some kind of plague.

"My Lord..." Lin Xuan froze for a moment, then he quickly smiled and lifted his wine glass.

"Marquis Lin Xuan, may I join you?" Ye Qingyu asked politely but he had already sat down at this empty table. "Why do you look so glum? Is something troubling you?" he asked with a smile.

"It is nothing," Lin Xuan replied awkwardly, "I was only thinking about some other matters, so I might have seemed a little distracted. I hope you don't mind."

He was an inarticulate person.

This was Ye Qingyu's first impression of him.

"I met your daughter once at the Wanyi Bazaar," Ye Qingyu said with a smile. He already knew that the young woman in red who stepped forth to help the struggling young man at the Wanyi Bazaar was Marquis Tingtao's daughter.

"Ah? I wasn't aware of that. My little girl is rather spoiled and she's also young and ignorant. Has she offended you in any way?" Lin Xuan was not aware of what had happened at the bazaar and after the crimson-garbed young woman returned home, she didn't mention this incident to him, either.

"Your daughter is bold and generous, and I see some heroic spirit in her, so I greatly admire her," Ye Qingyu replied sincerely.

An idea flashed past Lin Xuan's mind at the moment. If this newly appointed Military Judge could help him... but he dismissed this idea almost immediately. After all, he was in such dire straits at the moment and had offended such an influential figure that even the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] might not be able to resist that particular person. Moreover, even if this Military Judge could resist that person, Lin Xuan barely knew him, so why would the Military Judge agree to help him?

"You flatter her," Lin Xuan barely managed a smile.

Ye Qingyu nodded, then he changed the topic and asked, "I heard that you led troops to the Fire Province not too long ago, is that true?"

"Hmm?" Lin Xuan's face immediately tuned guarded as he asked, "May I know why you're asking..." He was in such a miserable state because of what had happened at the Fire Province. He had been swept into a huge maelstrom but had to suffer in silence. Most of the major powers at the military had already forsaken him and now that Ye Qingyu brought this topic up, his first thought was that the newly appointed [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] wanted to punish him as a show of his power.

"Marquis Lin Xuan, please don't be mistaken. I'm only interested in knowing of events happening in the Fire Province," he said with a smile.

Lin Xuan shook his head decisively and said, "If you want to know more about the Fire Province, you may want to have a look at the records I've submitted in my post-expedition report. I don't know anything else other than what I've already recorded, so I'm afraid that you're going to be disappointed."

Ye Qingyu was slightly taken aback.

He was surprised at how guarded Lin Xuan had become at the mention of the Fire Province.

"My Lord, if there's nothing else, I'll be taking my leave since I'm feeling a little under the weather," Lin Xuan said, then rose to his feet and left the restaurant without bidding anyone goodbye.

Ye Qingyu looked at this burly man's departing figure and shook his head slightly.

Everyone else was also secretly paying attention to their interactions, so when they saw what had happened; they had an even worse opinion of him since it looked as though he had departed on bad terms with the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords]. When they thought back to his recent fall from grace, they felt certain that he had just sealed his death sentence with his actions.

Linghu Buxiu walked over and said with a strange look on his face, "Please don't take this to heart. Old Lin Xuan has always been like this and his stubbornness has gotten him into trouble... Oh yes, what were you talking about earlier? Why did Marquis Lin Xuan seem so displeased..."

Ye Qingyu said speechless, "I was merely asking him about the situation at the Fire Province."

"Oh, no wonder," Linghu Buxiu said as understanding dawned. "The Marquis has gotten himself in trouble because of the situation at the Fire Province. He feels quite vexed but everyone refuses to believe his tale, so now his situation is dire... sigh, what a pity."

"What exactly happened?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Linghu Buxiu sat down and whispered conspiratorially, "You might already know this but a rebel group has taken control of the Fire Province and the leader of the rebels is someone named Xiaofei. He is rumored to have come from the Vast Thousand Domains and he is definitely a ruthless fellow, having killed many experts from the Guardians' camp. It is also rumored that there are several highly-skilled tyrants under him, and a giant white dog that can swallow anything..."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1139:


Chapter 1154 - Paying a Visit

A rebel who called himself Xiaofei?

A wave of excitement washed over Ye Qingyu.

Since Linghu Buxiu mentioned it, it must mean that this piece of news came through official sources and it was no longer just his own speculation. [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had indeed taken over the Fire Province. This was the first time he heard news of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] since the previous battle.

He was now sure that the Human Race prodigy who had worked so hard for the Human Race in the Vast Thousand Domains was still alive.

Also, did Linghu Buxiu also mention a giant white dog?

Ye Qingyu thought that there was something vaguely familiar about this dog.

Linghu Buxiu continued, "There's something odd about that giant white dog and I guess it must be some kind of foreign species. It is a hardy fellow who has allied itself with that rebel Xiaofei. I've heard that it is extremely ferocious and it is immune to attacks that draw on yuan qi and the power of laws, so there's no way of killing it. Moreover, it can swallow anything and I've heard that it once swallowed a Quasi-emperor  whole, so it is indeed a terrifying creature..."

As Lingh Buxiu spoke, Ye Qingyu grew more elated.

Wasn't that the silly dog, Little Nine?

It was definitely the silly dog.

He hadn't expected Little Nine to show up at the Dark Realm after it disappeared from the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, and for some reason, Little Nine was now by [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei’s] side.

Furthermore, how had this silly creature gotten so powerful that he could now defeat a Quasi-emperor ?

Then, Ye Qingyu thought of Hu Bugui.

The chief bandit had disappeared from the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, just as Little Nine did. Did this mean that he might also be in the Dark Realm?

Could Hu Bugui also be at the Fire Province?

"Who are the other powerful men working for the rebel Xiaofei?" Ye Qingyu probed further as he tried to gather more information.

Linghu Buxiu shook his head, "I'm not too sure about that since the Fire Province had fallen to the rebels so suddenly. Large swathes of the Fire Province fell in a matter of days, and the governor of Fire Province died in battle before he could send news of the rebellion. The rebel Xiaofei was incredibly cunning and swiftly seized control of the Fire Province. The elders of the Royal City were livid when they found out what happened and sent the King of Zhenyuan to lead a punitive expedition against them, and Marquis Tingtao was to be his vanguard. However, it wasn't that long after the expedition set off that there were several incidents that ultimately resulted in Marquis Tingtao being forced out. Basically, the King of Zhenyuan and his men have full control over the information flow about the Fire Province and Marquis Tingtao had always avoided speaking of the Fire Province and barely mentioned anything in the report he submitted after he returned."

"Oh," Ye Qingyu said as he rubbed his temples.

He was a little disappointed not to hear news about Hu Bugui and the others.

He paused for a moment for he asked curiously, "Did you say that Marquis Tingtao was forced to return from the front line? Do you know what happened? Did he fall out with the King of Zhenyuan? Is the King of Zhenyuan that assertive and overbearing?"

"Everyone knows that the King of Zhenyuan has always been assertive and domineering, and this is a fact known throughout the Dark Realm. But I'm afraid this isn't as simple as a matter of the King of Zhenyuan being a bully," Linghu Buxiu spoke without any reservations and told Ye Qingyu all that he knew.

He glanced around the crowd that was drinking merrily before he inched even closer and whispered furtively to prevent anyone from eavesdropping, "Recently, I heard whispers that Lin Xuan was not forced out of the expedition but that he had escaped from an attempt on his life. The King of Zhenyuan had planned to kill Lin Xuan together with the eight thousand men under him, but Lin Xuan was narrowly escaped with his life and returned to the city."

"What? How could this happen?"

Ye Qingyu's mind whirled.

There were indeed several incidents of Chief Commanders who killed their vanguards across history.

The Chief Commander also had the authority to kill any man in the military who had violated a military order.

However, this matter was clearly not as simple as the Marquis going against a military order because the King of Zhenyuan wanted to kill Lin Xuan together with all his men. This was odd and it seemed more like a cover-up operation. What seemed even stranger was that Lin Xuan seemed safe after he returned to the Royal City, as though the King of Zhenyuan had temporarily abandoned his plans to kill him. Lin Xuan's strange behavior and words earlier made him even more certain that there was something fishy about this incident.

Ye Qingyu was very interested in finding out the secrets behind this incident.

He instinctively felt that this might be related to the great secret behind the Fire Province, and this could potentially involve [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and the others.

"What's the current situation of Marquis Tingtao's residence?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Linghu Buxiu shook his head and said, "They are in a very precarious state!"

"Is it really that bad?"

"It is. Although the King of Zhenyuan is not at the Royal City, he has already proclaimed that he would personally return to get rid of Marquis Tingtao after he quells the rebellion at the Fire Province. Marquis Tingtao tried to call on his esteemed teachers and old acquaintances, but they have all turned him away. Most of his servants have been sent away as well, so the huge Marquis residence is now like a teetering wall on the brink of collapse, and no one wants to associate themselves with him," Linghu Buxiu said with a sigh.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "Brother Linghu Buxiu, you seem surprisingly sympathetic to Marquis Lin Xuan's plight, so I guess you must be on rather good terms with him."

"You... noticed that?" Linghu Buxiu's heart skipped a beat, then he sighed and said, "Brother Lin Xuan... he's actually a good man."

"Everyone wanted to keep a distance from him, but since you invited him to this banquet, I could tell that you wanted to help him in some way," Ye Qingyu said with a faint smile.

"I must admit that this was an oversight on my part since this was supposed to be a banquet to celebrate your new appointment. If news of his invitation gets out, others might just assume that you had invited him..." Linghu Buxiu's heart raced when he saw Ye Qingyu's smile and interpreted that smile as a sign of displeasure at Marquis Tingtao's invitation tonight.

Ye Qingyu chuckled and said, "Don't be mistaken, Brother Linghu Buxiu. That wasn't what I meant. Ha ha, I wouldn't fear even if word gets out since I'm used to people bearing grudges against me. Everyone else might be afraid of the King of Zhenyuan, but I'm not. He he, anyway, I'm currently at loggerheads with him myself."

Linghu Buxiu gave a small chuckle.

Ye Qingyu was right.

He had almost killed the King of Zhenyuan's daughter, and killed his housekeeper, an imperial attendant, and dozens of experts from the King of Zhenyuan's residence, so this was a huge slap on the King of Zhenyuan's face. Moreover, Nie Tiankong was making full use of this opportunity to continue to suppress the King of Zhenyuan's influence, so the King of Zhenyuan would definitely be in for a rude shock when he returns.

"I'd like to call on Marquis Tingtao tomorrow, so I wonder if you'd like to come along to make the introductions once again?" Ye Qingyu asked sincerely.

Linghu Buxiu paused for a moment, then a genuine smile spread across his face. There was a hint of gratitude in his voice as he said excitedly, "Ha ha, sure. I'd definitely make this trip with you."

It was true that he wanted to help Marquis Tingtao.

As for the reason, this was something that was known only to him.

The banquet only ended just before midnight.

Ye Qingyu had already befriended the hundred military officials who had allied themselves with Nie Tiankong and this banquet had turned out better than Linghu Buxiu had expected. During the banquet, Linghu Buxiu had witnessed Ye Qingyu's magnetic personality and this was something that was hard to describe in words but clearly, the military officials had formed a good impression of the newly appointed [Military Judge of the Nine Swords].

After Ye Qingyu and the others had left, the shopkeeper of the restaurant recorded everything that he had seen and heard in a secret missive and sent it to the military headquarters.

Obviously, only one or two people knew about this secret missive, and it was a closely guarded secret.

The next morning.

Linghu Buxiu came alone to the inn at the appointed time, dressed in casual clothing. After he met with Ye Qingyu, they set off together to Marquis Tingtao's residence.

They did not bother to cover their tracks as they headed toward Marquis Tingtao's residence.

Marquis Tingtao's residence was not located in that luxurious noblemen residential area that Ye Qingyu had seen the previous time, but it was located in another district nearby. The architectural style of the building was much simpler and it was made entirely out of black rock. Nonetheless, it was still in a rather affluent area.

When they were about one kilometer away from Marquis Tingtao's residence, Ye QIngyu stopped by a nearby stall to buy five hundred grams of snacks and said with a smile, "I can't visit the Marquis empty-handed."

Linghu Buxiu couldn't help but smile.

Five hundred grams of snacks - this was the perfect amount for a gift.

Soon, they could see Marquis Tingtao's residence.

It was an old mansion that was more than six thousand six hundred square meters and it was carved out of black rock. It was plain and simple, but exuded an air of grandeur, as though it was military castle.

They suddenly heard a commotion in front of the main gate.

"Hey Lin Xuan, come out now to face me. I'm going to smash open the doors if you continue to hide inside your residence like a coward," a sharp voice rang out from the main gate of Marquis Tingtao's residence.

There were several dozen men holding weapons that stood ferociously by the main door and blocked the entire entrance. Their leader was dressed in a brocade robe and wore a scarf on his head. He was short and chubby and looked like an amicable fellow, but the words that came out of his mouth were rude and arrogant.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

They pounded loudly on the doors.

Ye Qingyu and Linghu Buxiu exchanged a look. What was going on?

No matter how far the Marquis had fallen from grace, this didn't mean that anyone could come right up to his door and demand the Marquis to open his doors to them. Moreover, these people didn't seem to be officials. They looked more like the businessmen or gangsters in the city. When did such people have the guts to come right up to a titled Marquis' residence and hurl insults at him?

Then, the doors opened.

A white-haired servant emerged from the residence and when he saw who was causing the scene outside, he was immediately enraged. He trembled in rage as he yelled, "Zhou Hailong. you're a beast! What are you doing here? How could you be so heartless? Huh? His Grace has always treated you kindly and if he hadn't saved you back then, you'd be nothing but a pile of bones in a ditch. Forget about repaying his kindness, His Grace didn't even blame you when you left after he fell into dire straits, but now, not only did you betray His Grace, you've even banded together with outsiders, plotting to steal all of His Grace's assets. You're worse than a beast..."

"Pfft, old man. Get out of my way if you know what's good for you. You're not needed here,'" the chubby middle-aged man named Zhou Hailong said with a menacing laugh. "Times have changed and every man needs to fend for himself. If you want to blame someone, then blame Lin Xuan for being a man of poor judgment. He shouldn't have saved me then, ha ha."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1140:


Chapter 1155 - Don't Go Anywhere

The old man trembled in rage. He waved his walking stick and charged angrily toward Zhou Hailong. The old man was probably an ex-soldier and although his blood and qi had deteriorated, he still displayed the grace of a soldier through his movements...

"Damn it, old man... you must be courting death," someone who looked like a guard grabbed the old man's walking stick and with a shake of his fingers, that guard released a powerful inner yuan; the powerful force sent the walking stick flying.

The old man's figure shook, and the crook of his thumb immediately split open. He fell backwards with a loud clatter and crashed into the stairs behind him, hitting his head so hard that blood gushed out from the wound...

"Bastard, you're a bastard..." the old man was so livid that his entire body shook and tears rolled down his cheeks.

He had taken pity on Zhou Hailong in the past and acknowledged him as his godson, then begged the Marquis to allow him to stay at his residence. Over the past few years, the Marquis had taken note of Zhou Hailong's intellect and sharp business acumen, thus he had given him the responsibility of managing several businesses. When he saw how well Zhou Hailong was performing, he treated Zhou Hailong as well as if he were his own son. However, when the Marquis fell from grace, no one had expected Zhou Hailong to be the first to betray him. To make matters worse, after Zhou Hailong's initial betrayal, he had even ganged up with several noble clans who had grievances with the Marquis and plotted with them to snatch several assets from the Marquis. His behavior was truly despicable.

"I must have been blind to have led a traitor into the house. I have brought ruin upon His Grace," the old man said, overwhelmed with sorrow. "I'm too ashamed to face His Grace..." he said. Then, he turned to slam his head against the stone plaque on the door, intending to kill himself to pay for his crime.

Zhou Hailong and the others did not even move when they saw this scene. Rather, they laughed maniacally.

"This old thing deserves to die."

"He should have died a long time ago."

"Haha, he's just a bag of old bones..."

However, as his head crashed against the stone plaque, the old man realized that the surface was extremely soft, as though he had crashed into a pile of cotton. He froze in surprise and when he looked up, he saw that a man had appeared from nowhere to stop him.

Obviously, Ye Qingyu had stepped in at the crucial moment.

"You..." the old man paused for a moment before he flared up in anger again. "What's wrong? Why can't you let me die? Do you want to continue torturing me? Or do you want me to beg for mercy? Dream on, come at me with all that you've got. I wouldn't be a soldier trained under His Grace if I utter a single cry for mercy!"

The old man had clearly mistaken Ye Qingyu to be a part of Zhou Hailong's gang.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

The old man had a fiery temper.

"Sir, please calm down. Why should you commit suicide when you'll only make your enemies rejoice and your loved ones suffer?" Ye Qingyu said with a smile as he helped the old man up. He placed a hand on that old man's wrist and his yuan qi continuously flowed into the old man's body like waves of warm currents. He then pointed at Zhou Hailong and the others who stood in front of the door and said, "When you encounter evil dogs like them, you should be breaking their backs and bones..."

The old man froze in shock and realized that he had wrongly accused this man.

As he started to speak, he suddenly sensed that his yuan qi was surging abundantly within his body and the chronic hidden ailments that had plagued him since the previous battle against the Invaders were instantly healed. His blood and qi had skyrocketed and he felt as though time had turned back, as he regained his youthful vigor.

"You..." he said in surprise.

He knew that this man was definitely a highly-skilled expert.

"Who are you?" the old man asked in astonishment.

The wound on his head had also healed and vanished without a trace.

"I'm just someone who has long admired Marquis Lin Xuan and was planning to call on him today when I noticed this commotion. It's such a shame," Ye Qingyu said, having his own reasons for choosing to hide his identity.

The old man looked at Ye Qingyu skeptically.

He knew that His Grace's old acquaintances had all abandoned him during this period and barely anyone came to call on His Grace these days. Even if His Grace went to call on others, he would be rejected.

Last night, His Grace had left in good spirits to attend a banquet but had returned earlier than expected. After he returned, he kept sighing in dismay as though he had run into some difficulties, so why would someone be calling on him today out of the blue?

Finally, someone asked the question that everyone else was dying to ask.

"Who are you? How dare you meddle in our affairs?" Zhou Hailong said impatiently and with a wave of his hand, all his men surrounded Ye Qingyu, their gazes menacing.

Ye Qingyu said to the old man with a laugh, "Sir, would you like to personally teach these bastards a lesson?"

The old man immediately understood what Ye Qingyu meant.

That's right. The yuan qi within his body was now as abundant as an ocean and extremely powerful, while he had regained his peak physical condition, so even if he died today in battle, as long as he could personally teach that bastard Zhou Hailong a lesson, he would die without regrets.

Swish!

The old man's figure moved and hurtled toward the group.

Zhou Hailong was astonished and instinctively took a step backward as he said, "Stop this old dog..."

However, when his men made to attack the old man, they discovered to their horror and dismay that they could not move their bodies at all, as though they were pinned to the spot.

Bam!

The old man's fist landed on Zhou Hailong's nose.

There was a loud crack and blood gushed freely from his nose. "Ah... old dog, how dare you hit me. You..." Zhou Hailong immediately put his hands over his face. He felt as though his nose bridge had been smashed into powder and the pain was so intense that tears flowed down his cheeks before he knew it.

"This punch was for the Marquis, to teach a lesson to a shameless person like you," the old man said through gritted teeth.

He felt great after landing his punch and his entire body revelled in this feeling. Then, he sent out another punch, moving as fast as lightning.

Bam!

The next punch landed on Zhou Hailong's chin.

The punch was so powerful that it threw Zhou Hailong's head upward. His jaw bone shattered, countless teeth smashed into pieces and he released a spurt of bloody mist the moment he opened his mouth.

"Ah... old thing, you..." Zhou Hailong yelled angrily.

"This punch was for the young mistress. You bastard, how dare you attempt to insult her modesty. You're worse than a beast," the old man yelled as angrily as a lion.

"Old man, you must be courting death... you.... you'll definitely pay the price for this," Zhou Hailong yelled like an injured animal. In fact, he was rather strong himself but he found that for some reason, he was unable to summon up any power when he wanted to counterattack. He could not even defend himself against that old man.

The old man responded with another punch.

This punch landed on Zhou Hailong's stomach and immediately knocked the wind out of him. Zhou Hailong clutched his stomach as he spat out saliva. He doubled over, bending like a shrimp, and couldn't even breathe as he then laid sprawled on the ground like a dead dog.

"This punch was in return for the one you gave me earlier."

The old man gradually calmed down after he sent out three punches.

He did not continue to attack, instead deciding to retreat into the Marquis' residence.

Zhou Hailong was merely a pawn and was working under the instigation and support of several noblemen. If he killed Zhou Hailong, these noblemen would definitely make use of this incident to cause even more trouble for the Marquis, so he had to act with the greater good in mind, rather than indulging in a momentary gratification.

"Many thanks," the old man said after he returned to the main gates and bowed at Ye Qingyu.

He knew that the reason why he managed to land all three punches was because Ye Qingyu had been helping him in secret.

"It was nothing," Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

The others realized that they were finally able to move their bodies.

They quickly rushed over and helped Zhou Hailong up.

"Who are you? Do you dare make your name known? This matter is not over," Zhou Hailong yelled angrily as he tried to bear with the pain. "You don't even know who you're dealing with today, nor what you've meddled with today. You'll definitely live to regret this."

"Haha," Ye Qingyu's eyes flashed and the two guards who had been stealthily approaching him with their swords drawn were immediately pinned to the spot as if they were frozen. "Don't worry. I won't be going anywhere. Please go ahead and summon whoever is backing you. Let's see if they're able to stop me."

"Sure, remember your words," Zhou Hailong said through gritted teeth. "Stay here if you dare. Hehe, how dare you stand up for Marquis Tingtao, I guess you must be sick of living... Don't go anywhere!"

Then, he gave his men a look and commanded several guards to keep an eye on the residence while he fled with several men to call for reinforcements.

Ye Qingyu remained standing in front of the gates, just as he said.

He had just been appointed to his position and hadn't bared his fangs yet, so today was as good an opportunity as any to do so. Otherwise, everyone would assume that his appointment was merely a nominal title. Since the Royal City was under a military regime, the Military Judge's scope would extend to most of the Royal City.

"Sigh. My Lord, I guess you should leave as soon as possible," the old man nudged Ye Qingyu and said kindly. "Zhou Hailong has the support of the noblemen in the Royal City, so you might be in trouble later."

"No worries. I meant to call on Marquis Lin Xuan today, so how can I leave without even seeing him?" Ye Qingyu said with a reassuring smile.

"I can tell from the noble aura you exude that you're also a person of importance. However, the person backing Zhou Hailong is extremely influential, so you should leave. I'm sure that His Grace will appreciate your kindness, but you mustn't let yourself be dragged into this," the old man continued to warn him in concern.

He tried to persuade Ye Qingyu to leave and didn't want him to get dragged into this matter because he knew how terrible the Marquis' current predicament was. He didn't want an innocent man to get hurt.

"Sir, please rest assured. I know what I'm doing," Ye Qingyu said with a smile as he shook his head.

Good men tended to show their kindness in similar ways while evil people could show varying degrees of evil.

He rather admired this old man for sticking by the Marquis through thick and thin.

When the old man saw that Ye Qingyu could not be moved, he had no choice but to quickly report this matter to the Marquis.

Ye Qingyu continued to wait outside the door.

Soon, the door to the Marquis' residence opened.

Marquis Tingtao strode out from the main gates dressed in a teal-coloured lightweight armor and was surprised to see that his visitor was none other than Ye Qingyu. He froze for a moment before he saluted Ye Qingyu and said, "Lord Zhang LLongcheng, what are you..."

"Haha, I was intending to call on you when I happened to chance upon the commotion at your gate," Ye Qingyu said with a smile. Then, he handed the snacks that he bought to the Marquis and said, "I've brought a small gift since this is my first time visiting. Please accept this gesture of sincerity."

Lin Xuan could only accept the gift.

He didn't know why the newly appointed Military Judge had made a personal visit and what his motive was for doing so. He had asked his daughter about the incident at the Wanyi Bazaar after he returned from the banquet the night before, and only realized after speaking to his daughter that Ye Qingyu didn't seem to be on good terms with the King of Zhenyuan. It seemed like he had misjudged Ye Qingyu last night.

Then, they heard footsteps in the distance and the sounds of beasts galloping.

Zhou Hailong's reinforcements had arrived.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

