Chapter 597:


Chapter 615, The third sword (3)



Fear!



There was only deep fear in his heart!



This was a fear he had never experienced before!



On the distant city walls.



Everyone was struck with fright, no one thought that the situation would undergo such a reversal. The overbearing Ruthless Prince Mofeng, in the blink of an eye, being seriously wounded by Ye Qingyu, was a result that no one had ever thought about.



Everyone was filled with boundless joy.



“Heavens! Senior Tianhang... is too amazing!”



“He can transform into a dragon... what is that skill!”



“Senior Tianhang is simply a deity descended from the heavens!”



Countless cheers sounded like the rumble of thunder.

High up in the sky.



Hao!



The Ruthless Prince Mofeng roared, turning the fear from the depths of his soul into a roar of fury.



A blinding blood red light exploded from his body, flames of qi shot into the sky.



At this instant, Ye Qingyu felt an unbearably huge force coming from his dragon-form lower body. The Demon Spider Prince’s body, bound by the dragon tail, was constantly expanding.



Almost there.



Ye Qingyu knew that he cannot continue to bind his opponent. Making a prompt decision, he immediately yanked out the [Blood Drinker Sword] and leapt back.



The next moment, dense black clouds poured out from the body of the Ruthless Prince.



In the blink of an eye, this evil black mist had filled the sky

Even Ye Qingyu’s body was almost swallowed up by this mass of demonic cloud.



The demonic cloud that blotted out the sky was still constantly spreading in the sky. The night sky was completely obscured by the demonic clouds, and not a glimmer of light penetrated through.

In the midst of the demonic clouds a majestic demonic qi instantaneously broke out.



There was a deafening roar among the boundless demonic clouds, like a terrifying devil was about to emerge from hell. A great pressure spread out from the demonic clouds, and a heavy and oppressive atmosphere filled the entire space.



What is that?



Ye Qingyu scrunched his brows in a slight frown.



As the demonic clouds gradually scattered, he saw a giant immemorial mountain-like red Demon Spider emerging in the sky. There was a ruthless aura emitting from the Demon Spider’s body, and the space around it was beginning to distort.



“I'm going to kill you! You pushed me to assume my true body, you are the first in one hundred years. Accept your death!”

The Ruthless Prince Mofeng growled in his transformed body.

The giant mountain-like demon spider was his real body.



The giant spider’s eight pillar-like legs were covered with dense dark red venomous barbs, two of which were huge and sharp and emitting a faint ink-like flowing light. No one dared to doubt whether the venom of the barbs was enough to kill a Heaven Ascension expert.



The giant Demon Spider was brandishing its eight legs fiercely, and even the tiniest movement in the air brought about a hurricane-like wind.

The huge barb sparkling with ink-coloured light thrust toward Ye Qingyu.



Ye Qingyu calmly drifted as he drew back, evading the barb attack.



Compared to this monstrous giant spider, Ye Qingyu’s human body was almost negligible!



The situation seemed to have begun to reverse with the appearance of the Ruthless Prince Mofeng’s real form, and the people on the distant city walls were once again sank into shock and anxiety.



“The Prince of the Demon Spider Race has revealed its true body!”

“What to do, the Demon Spider Race is simply a killing machine!”



“The Demon Spider Prince’s body possesses the blood and power of the Demon Spider Race, this power is very strange, Senior Tianhang... he will be okay, right?”



Countless people were on tenterhooks again.

High in the sky.



Ye Qingyu wore a calm expression.



Looking at the original form of Ruthless Prince Mofeng, he did not seem at all worried, because this giant spider was just like an arrow at the end of its flight. The [Blood Drinker Sword] had stolen too much of his origin source and energy.



Raising the sword slightly, Ye Qingyu no longer dodged the opponent’s attack and broke into a loud laugh, “Haha, you think only you can change! Little spider, you're a little insect, yet you dare go mad!”



Before his voice faded.



Ye Qingyu had completely activated the True Will of the Sky Dragon.



A dazzling silver light flashed from his body, like the rays of the sun, instantly dispersing the boundless black demonic clouds in the sky, lighting up the sky like it was daytime!



Strange changes appeared.



The silver brilliance on Ye Qingyu’s skin was unceasingly flickering. Flakes of silver-white scales rapidly began to grow from his skin, but in the blink of an eye, neat and orderly silvery scales had densely covered his skin.



In the midst of bone crackling sounds, his entire body was stretched and constantly enlarging. His limbs turned into dragon claws, and in a flash the human head also transformed into a dragon’s head.

“Ang!”



A real roar finally reverberated between Heaven and earth.



Ye Qingyu transformed into a huge silver sky dragon, roaming majestically in the high altitude.



This silver dragon was as tremendous as an immemorial divine object. The dragon’s body was tall and long like a winding mountain range. It was at least five to sixt thousand meters long, hovering in the sky, as though there was a spiralling ancient demonic mountain in the skies. The silver scales were sparkling with a clear and cold silvery light that brightened up the dark night.



A giant sword of about one thousand meters in size was tightly clasped in the giant claw of the sky dragon.



The mysterious markings on the sword body were suffused with red brilliance, bubbling with a strange power.

It was the enlarged [Blood Drinker Sword]!

The [Blood Drinker Sword] itself was a precious treasure that can naturally increase its size with Ye Qingyu’s will.



A resounding dragon roar shook the world!



“The Human Race will never give in to the Demon Race! Little spider, inferior to an ant, yet dares domineer over the Human Race! I’ll use your body as offerings to the heroes of my Human Race!”



Ye Qingyu's sonorous voice sounded from the mouth of the silver dragon, resounding through the clouds!



This was like a voice of divine judgment, making Heaven and earth instantly turn pale.



The mountain-like giant Demon Spider, having witnessed Ye Qingyu transformed into a dragon, caused the ruthless flames of qi all over his body to instantly disappear. The strong pressure coming from the dragon sent him shivering involuntarily.

This was the natural repression of higher rank species.

Dragons, the master of all creatures.



The sky dragon, the king of beasts between the heaven and earth.



There was only one thought in the Ruthless Prince’s mind——



Run!



He had basically lost all the courage to confront the silver dragon.



The trembling from the depths of his soul made him want to kneel down and kowtow to the dragon.



But he was after all an Immortal Step boundary expert. His remaining rationality told him that he must restrain the desire to surrender, and escape with all his strength!

But Ye Qingyu obviously wouldn’t give him the chance.



The dragon’s claw stretched out in the void, breaking past the speed of sound, leaving only five cracks in the void. A faint thunderous power began to tear apart the cracks. When the giant dragon claw shadow flashed across in the air, the monstrous spider had already been trampled to the ground by the dragon claw like a little sandbag.

“Zhizhizhi...”



The Demon Spider frantically hissed, waving about his eight giant spider legs, desperately attacking and resisting, but it was all no use. His sharp venomous barbs had shot out but only left a few shallow white marks on the huge dragon!

The Demon Spider continued to resist, while the silver dragon’s other claw that clenched the huge [Blood Drinker Sword] suddenly swung down at the Demon Spider.



The power of the [Blood Drinker Sword] erupted out.



The red glow of the [Blood Drinker Sword] burst into a blinding red light, illuminating the entire night sky as if it was dawn. Where the sword passed by in the air, the void was shattered, and one could clearly see the deathly stillness within the gorge-like cracks and the unknown object floating in it.



Chi!!!



The [Blood Drinker Sword] pierced the body of the Demon Spider once more!

The impregnable outer shell of the Demon Spider Race, under the [Blood Drinker Sword] was as fragile as tofu, without the slightest power to resist.



The [Blood Drinker Sword] was flowing with brilliance.

The strange lines and markings on the [Blood Drinker Sword] erupted out a blinding red light, producing a huge suction force that wildly pulled the flesh, blood and yuan qi within the body of the huge mighty Demon Spider Prince towards the [Blood Drinker Sword]!

“No...” the Ruthless Prince Mofeng made a final roar of despair.



As the blood and qi of his body and his life force was being poured out, the mountain-like spider body began to shrink, constantly becoming small and shriveled.



But in just a few moments that huge mountain-like body had turned into a lifeless shell, its empty giant eyes flickering like dying embers, with unmistakable fear.



A joyous hum sounded from the [Blood Drinker Sword].



The dazzling red light of the sword was gradually fading away, as though it was falling asleep after the good meal.



The next moment, under the dragon claw came an inaudible sound. The body of the Demon Spider suddenly turned into ashes that filled the sky, scattering between Heaven and earth.



Under the frosty moonlight, the giant Demon Spider vanished.

Wisps of ashes, under the force of imprisonment in the sky, were drifting up and down.



And in the midst of the ashes and the dying residual demonic qi, a five- to six-thousand-meter-long silver dragon loomed.



That scene, for all people and other races present, was an unforgettable sight.



The silver sky dragon roamed above, the dragon scales exuding a jade-like luster.



At that moment, the brilliance of the moon was also outshone.



Following the bursts of dragon cries that sounded like roars descended onto the earth from the distant past, clouds and mist turned into real surging waves, and the sky dragon’s claw seemed to be gliding around in the mist-shrouded waves.



As the sky dragon breathed in and out, the black demonic qi between heaven and earth instantly vanished. The lights of the stars and moonlight casted onto the body of the silver dragon, which made it clearer and more dazzling than before. Such an imposing manner and appearance were enough to make all the creatures of the world kneel and bow before him.



Compared to the darkness from before, Flowing Light City had restored to a clear brightness that was only seen on a moonlit night.

The silvery brilliance illuminated the earth, like a lamp had lit up the hearts of all the people one by one.

And in the powerful and mighty dragon claw, the huge [Blood Drinker Sword] was flickering brightly——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 598:


Chapter 616, Scared to death



Between Heaven and earth, there was an utter silence.



Everyone’s gaze fell on the silver sky dragon’s body, with deep awe and astonishment.



Just then——



Buzz.



After drinking up the essence and blood of the Demon Spider Prince, the [Blood Drinker Sword] underwent a strange reaction.



The door-like giant sword body at this time seemed to be covered in blood, and inside the body of the sword there were branch-like complicated and tangled veins beginning to move. Layers upon layers of light halos were slowly extending out from the sword body, and the giant sword that had received blood was like a spirit suddenly coming to life. The sword blade was originally dull red, but now it looked as if one layer after another was slowly being peeled off and it was undergoing transformation. Enveloped in a layer of dense mist, there was a faint brilliance piercing through the mist and coming into view.

Such a brilliance was a colour and luster never seen before from the previous numerous weapons. Sometimes it was glossy and sometimes beautiful and overflowing with vibrant colours, drawing the eyes.



And the formation markings flowing inside of the sword body also became extremely clear.



The ancient formations that were on the verge of coming out into the open were constantly splitting and assembling into a more bizarre arrangement. While the light of the formation markings were, from its previous faint purple colour, turning into two strands of purple-red colours intertwined with each other, spinning and floating in the air.



“Huh? This is...”



In mid-air, Ye Qingyu in dragon form was slightly startled.



Because he had suddenly felt very distinctly that, after his [Blood Drinker Sword] had absorbed the incomparable boundless power of the Ruthless Prince Mofeng, it was undergoing a strange change, purifying the power of the Demon Spider at a crazy speed.

This power was as though the [Blood Drinker Sword] contained a vast body of surging water, charging toward the end of the hilt.



Refining the opponent’s blood, qi, and power and feeding it back to its master was the biggest mystery of the [Blood Drinker Sword].



But Ye Qingyu did not expect the purification speed of the [Blood Drinker Sword] to become increasingly quick...

In a brief moment, the wounds across the huge silvery sky dragon’s body were completely restored and not a shred of a scar remained.



The huge dragon gently drifted in the wind, feeling the endless energy come pouring into the palm of his hand from the sword. Like a torrent gushing through the vessels, muscles and tendons of his arm, and then rapidly circulating to all his bones and limbs, and finally gathering into the sea of his dantian.

The originally surging and howling dantian spring at this moment seemed to have been greatly triggered. An almost overflowing strength in his body was stirring restlessly.

After a few moments.



Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed with astonishment.



“That's enough... that's enough... don't absorb any more.”

He looked down at the restless [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand, his heart pounding so loud that it sounded as though it was in his ear.



The strength coming from the [Blood Drinker Sword] was more and more majestic, almost beyond what he could bear.



Even though his physical strength and cultivation were already incomparably powerful and adding to this, he could transform into the sky dragon to protect himself, the [Blood Drinker Sword] had absorbed too much power, which surpassed the limit that his current physical body could withstand.

At this moment, his whole body was in a filled state, as if the torrent-like strength had filled his body to the tips of his fingers.



Swoosh!

In the middle of the sky, the giant [Blood Drinker Sword] gently flashed, vanishing before the eyes of everyone.



Only the faintly discernible glow and the rippling halo of light remained in the void.



And the silver dragon among the mist was also transforming into a human figure at the same time.

It was still the chubby man from before.



However, after this battle, his body had grown in size, as if he was beaten swollen. It was very strange, and upon a closer look, his skin was in a strangely plump state and the fine veins under the skin became clearly visible, as if they were a little swollen.

But even so, no one dared looked down on him anymore.



Everyone looked at the lonely figure still standing alone in the void.



In mid-air.



Ye Qingyu was still standing on a layer of light fog, remaining silent.



He drew a deep breath, his eyes icy-cold, indifferently running his eyes over the several Demon Spider experts who were still standing in formation and the nearly one hundred Demon Spider experts behind them. The chill in his eyes was more piercingly colder than the snow at dawn.

The more than sixty Demon Spider experts were completely shivering all over. Within their eyes was unprecedented shock and fear.



At this moment, what they saw was not just a proud dragon, but more like a judge of the Asura hell. A deity who could really decide their life and death. Someone who could produce clouds with the turn of his hand and rain with the other.



“Ah!”



A short but shrill cry abruptly broke the silence.

Everyone looked as if they were awakening from a dream, turning to the direction of the tragic scream.



Only to see a Demon Spider expert, who Ye Qingyu had wounded when he broke through the formation, screaming. Upon meeting Ye Qingyu’s gaze, the Demon Spider expert was almost drowned in his own fear.



Under the gaze of the people, the Demon Spider expert’s eyes drooped, a sweet feeling came to his throat, and a stream of blood gushed out his mouth.



Like a withered leaf falling in autumn, the Demon Spider expert suddenly collapsed in mid-air, a mouthful of blood spluttering as he dropped down...



Before he had fallen to the ground, his body and soul was destroyed and there was not the slightest aura of him remaining.



He... was... scared to death...



Scared to death!



Opposite.



Incomparable fear, in the hearts of the other Demon Spider experts, erupted like a mountain torrent.



Swoosh swoosh swoosh!



A number of black qi light slashed across the air.

They chose to flee.



This speed had far surpassed the speed of when they came to attack Flowing Light City.



In the blink of an eye, there was not even half a shadow left behind above Flowing Light City.



On the city walls.



“Good!” Chen Zhengliang was the first to utter a shout of amazement.



He looked emotionally touched, his eyes blazing, jumping up and down. The excitement that he never had in a long while, and that he thought he would no longer have, all broke out at this moment.



“Great!”



“Hahaha! Like a deity descending from the heavens!”

Scar-faced Jin slammed his fist into the city wall and couldn't help exclaiming, as though all his suppressed emotions were released at this moment.

Standing beside him, Ling Xiaoran and his wife also applauded, their eyes glistening with emotions.



“Great... good... so good...” Elder Zheng, who had been leaning against the wall resting all this time, finally could not control himself, panting excitedly, his eyes suffused with tears.



Such a reversal, such a result, were all something that the people standing anxiously on the city walls had never dared to imagine.



As if, after a long period of winters and near the critical moment of death, there was finally someone coming toward them in the snow with a coal stove...

No, he was not just bringing a handful of charcoal...

What he brought was a rising sun that melted all the ice and snow, revived the earth and awakened all living things.

The one who stood at the front was the only one who was relatively calm, Hu Bugui.



He was also the only one who had witnessed all the changes in the youth from Heaven Wasteland Domain.

But there was also a trace of shock in his eyes.

He looked at the figure floating in midair, his mind constantly flashing with the scenes of the time they had spent together.

This person who he seemed to know very well, but also seemed unfamiliar, had repeatedly overturned his understanding and judgment of him.

The little brother Ye before him, compared to back then at the tea garden and on the Storm Platform, had changed greatly. And such a transformation may be difficult for many geniuses to catch up to even in one hundred years.

If little brother Ye at the time of the Storm Sword Duel gathering was said to be the rising star of Clear River Domain, then now, his cultivation was not at the same level as him, Nan Tieyi and the others anymore...

But... he was a good person...



Fortunately... he was a good person...



The corner of Hu Bugui’s mouth curved in an imperceptible arc.



Given Ye Qingyu’s current cultivation and strength, as well as his many lucky opportunities of breakthroughs, his success and accomplishments in Clear River Domain were difficult to be predicted. But as long as he was a good person, for the Human Race of Clear River Domain, there was hope...



In Flowing Light City.



Everyone broke out in thunder-like cheers.



Whether it were men, women, the young, the old, the rich, or ordinary civilians, at this time they were all cheering, heart throbbing with excitement and shouting Tianhang’s name.

“Tianhang! Tianhang! Tianhang...”



“Senior Tianhang has saved us all!”



“He saved the entire Flowing Light City!”



“He is the real saviour of our Human Race.”



“He is the sun that illuminates Flowing Light City!”



The thunder-like cheers were unending.

The citizens of Flowing Light City that have been shrouded in dark clouds of fear and death had rekindled hope and courage. As though their long stiffened body that had been subjected to fear was suddenly immersed in a hot spring, every nerve of their body was beginning a new life.



There was a strange power that had never been felt before spreading among the one hundred thousand people, as if taking the form of strands of faintly discernible halos, slowly rising to the sky, becoming a strong energy that instantly warmed up every nook and cranny of Flowing Light City.

This light of hope that originated from the depths of the heart was not only a light that signified that Flowing Light City had been saved, but the rise of the Human Race of Clear River Domain.



……



In the Demon Spider Race’s main tent.



Utter silence.



The Demon Spider camp was in a deathly silence and strange atmosphere.



Among the black-armoured army in the distant tent, all eyes were filled with horror.



They had witnessed killings that overturned all their previous perceptions.



Fear was decided by the heart and it was difficult to hide.

The young officer Tong Wen clenched his hands into fists in his long sleeves. Ever since he had witnessed the changes in the sky, the successive shock and horror in his heart had been difficult to describe in words.

There was a strange emptiness in his eyes, which seemed as if he was looking past the clouds and to a farther place...

All along, Tong Wen had boasted about his ability to understand the mind and to strategize. He had always been fond of strategy deployment, everything could be solved with strategy... but at this moment...



Nevermind!



Manpower sometimes performs poorly, let alone strategy.

As he was gazing into the distance, lost in thought, the faint demonic qi surrounding him was consciously dissipated. At this moment, his body was revealed to be in an unprecedented state of confusion and bewilderment, and an uncontrollable fear...



In the face of such a Human Race opponent, even strategic means cannot help solve such a problem.

“Tong Wen... what do you think?”



In the main tent.



The round-faced Prince Mojin slowly paced around.



He had a faint surprise on his face, but it was different from the extreme shock of all the other experts in the Demon Spider Race’s tent.

Tong Wen made no comment and only sighed. Just as he was going to reply...



At this moment—



Swoosh swoosh swoosh!



A number of rays of black light repeatedly pierced through the already weakening black cloud boundary.



It was the survivors of the hundreds of experts who followed the Ruthless Prince Mofeng to attack the Flowing Light City. They fled back, looking traumatized.

Thud!



In a panicked state, as these Demon Spider generals had just fallen to the ground, they saw standing in front of the tent with an imposing and furious expression the round-faced Prince Mojin. They immediately dropped to their knees at the same time, waiting for His Highness to punish them.



They had ignored the military orders and left the military camp without permission, and then they fled back after being defeated. The bubbling arrogance that they had before was all gone.



At this moment, kneeling and cowering, the group of generals had thrown aside their helmet and removed their armour, like defeated stray dogs.



“Lord, how to deal with them...” Tong Wen bowed his head, helplessly casting a sidelong glance at the other generals.



“Ah ah...” The round-faced Prince Mojin resumed his usual frivolous expression, stretched out his arms and yawned. Then immediately he moved his hand like he was waving away flies. “I can let it pass this time.”



The generals that were afraid to look up one after another breathed a faint sigh of relief.



“This time it is Mofeng’s fault. You were only under his orders. I can exempt you from the death penalty but you shall forfeit three months of salary to serve as a warning.” Mojin was just as frivolous as before, sweeping his eyes over the sixty generals that knelt before him. Here, his tone suddenly grew stern. “However, only this once, the next time, if someone dares to disobey military orders, they will be beheaded on the spot. No one will be let off lightly!”



The last sentence of warning was powerful and sonorous like metal striking one another.



His every word was like a bell ringing in the heart of all generals.



“Thank you Prince, for sparing us!”



“Your Highness, subordinates will certainly remember.”



“Devouring Heaven camp will follow Prince’s lead.”



The many generals immediately fought to declare their position. The previous mountain-like pressure in their heart suddenly disappeared.



After this battle, most likely that the generals present will no longer have the courage to ignore military orders and disobey the round-faced Prince.



“Your Highness, now, what should the army do?” Tong Wen still bowed his body. He knew very well that the seemingly frivolous Prince Mojin was actually the most careful, courageous, and prudent.



It was just that the Demon Spider army was now completely trapped in a dilemma, with no room to advance or to retreat.



If they do not retreat, the Demon Spider generals and the tens of thousands in the army currently stationed at Devouring Heaven camp could not withstand against that unfathomable human.



If he had suddenly led the other experts in the city to launch an onslaught at them, then even if they were under the leadership of the round-faced Prince, there was no certainty that they would win. If they were defeated, they were likely to face the risk of annihilation.



But after this war, the Demon Spider Race’s Prince Mofeng, Devouring Heaven Demon General and the black spider twins and dozens of experts had fallen. Such a heavy loss was not easy for the Demon Spider Race to ignore.

If this matter was to spread, the Demon Spider Race would most likely become a laughingstock of Clear River Domain.



More importantly, after such huge losses, if they do not fight back, then the elders and leader of the Demon Spider Race will not easily forgive them.



Also, in terms of morale, if they fled the troops would be greatly affected. It would be a serious damage...



“Let's wait a few days... the scenery here is not bad.” The round-faced Prince Mojin again took on a frivolous expression, his tone seemingly indifferent about the present situation. “Oh, right, report the outcome, the cause and the process of the battle to the elders.”



Then he turned around to return to the main tent, leaving behind the generals who were still afraid to get up from their knees——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 599:


Chapter 617, Refining



The night was fading and dawn was breaking over the horizon.

In the far end of the horizon, a faint blush-red gradually coloured the clouds.

Seeing that there was no more movement coming from the Demon Spider’s camp, Ye Qingyu could finally relax.

He turned around, vanishing in the void.

The next moment, he was standing on the watchtower.



Everyone crowded around him with an excited look on their faces, almost as though they were looking at an immortal. In their eyes there was only awe, reverence, and excitement.



But Ye Qingyu had already spoken before they could speak.



“Brother Chen, is there a quiet place in the city?” Ye Qingyu turned to Chen Zhengliang and gave a slight smile.

“This... what is senior going to use it for? Chen Zhengliang’s face was filled with emotions, there were a lot of words he wanted to say, but when he heard such a question he looked slightly puzzled.



“After this battle, I am enlightened, I need to go away to practice...” Ye Qingyu simply explained a few words.



Chen Zhengliang’s face lit up with joy. “Ah, I see... congratulations senior... let me think, many buildings in the city have been destroyed... The best place to train now... yes, I thought of a place, senior please follow me.”

Ye Qingyu turned to say a few words to Hu Bugui, before he and Chen Zhengliang successively transformed into a stream of light and disappeared from the watchtower.



After a few moments.



At the end of a jagged and strangely shaped stone forest.



“Senior, here it is.”



Chen Zhengliang lightly drew his index finger in the void, when there was a ripple-like movement in the void and two high mahogany doors slowly opened themselves in the void.

An outwardly shabby-looking and ancient stone tower suddenly appeared before Ye Qingyu.

This stone tower was fifty miles away from the east of the city, and in front of the stone forest was a mysterious maze formation. Without the guidance of someone very familiar with formations, ordinary people will only go around the peripheries of the stone forest and never reach the end of this stone forest.

“It is indeed a very secluded place...”



Ye Qingyu carefully looked at the hundred of meters high stone tower, which was composed of a gate, courtyard walls and several floors. The corners of his mouth curved slightly upwards.



After the fall of Flowing Light City, the hidden stone tower was still under the protection of an undamaged formation.



“This is a stone tower that only the Lord of the city uses to train, and the formation markings are personally arranged by the City Lord himself.” Chen Zhengliang looked at senior Tianhang, who had his hands clasped behind his back, explaining with a smile. “After the Demon Spider Race occupied Flowing Light City, they didn’t discovered this place, so it still remains intact.”



“Thank you, brother Chen.”



Ye Qingyu gave a cupped fist salute and did not say anything else, entering into the stone tower.



Because the power from the [Blood Drinker Sword] at this moment was currently rapidly expanding his body, there were monstrous waves surging in his dantian sea. He must refine this power and truly convert it for his own use as soon as possible.



Chen Zhengliang waited until Ye Qingyu walked in, before he bowed respectfully and finally closed the tower door, activating all the protection formations that surround the stone tower, lest any unexpected things disturb senior Tianhang.



Rays of light rippled in the void.



After a few moments, the whole stone tower was concealed in the stone forest once again.



In the next few days.



The responsibility of overseeing Flowing Light City was temporarily handed to City Lord Chen Zhengliang, and Hu Bugui was responsible for providing assistance.

They divided the two hundred brave heroes that were rescued into two groups.



Some of the men, led by Scar-faced Jin, were responsible for maintaining the security and supervising the several major areas of the city, while the other tens of people, led by Elder Zheng, were responsible for collecting materials in the suburbs that could be used to strengthen the formations as well as medicinal ingredients to heal the wounded.



And the dozens of people of the Immortal God Emperor Sect were divided into several groups under the command of Ling Xiaoran and his wife, taking advantage of the time to repair and strengthen the formation that surround the city walls.



Flowing Light City gradually restored its former order and peace.



Many shops had set up their stalls again, the streets were filled with people and every face was brimming with happiness and joy that the calamity had past and the reappearance of light.



In the sky of Flowing Light City.



The clear sky, where light mist and clouds were floating about, was still shrouded in a thin smoke-like black shadow.



This shadow was gracefully passing through the floating clouds, faintly discernible. And from time to time the wind formed it into a near transparent black fog dome and sometimes scattered into countless wisps, like creeping spider traces.



The Demon Spider army on a hill fifty miles away did not invade or retreat, keeping an odd silence.



Except for this faint demonic qi, the people of the city could hardly feel any aura from them anymore.



But even if this demonic qi was surrounding the sky of Flowing Light City, in the city, whether it was Chen Zhengliang, the people of Immortal God Emperor Sect, or the one hundred thousand civilians, all were no longer worried or afraid.



Because for now, there was a mighty, powerful expert guarding Flowing Light City as well as all the people of the city.

This deity-like Human Race saviour had not only given hope to the hundreds of thousands of people, but also broke through the clouds and mist with a thunderous force, and withstood the Demon Race, which made them feel a brave and fearless power.



At this time, for the people of Flowing Light City, Lord Tianhang had not only saved their lives and protected the heroes of their family, but he was also the ray of sunlight in their desperate and devastated times. He was a pillar that supported their spirits and seemed able to support both the Heaven and earth...



In recent days, the restaurants and teahouses in the city had reopened. Whether it was at the stalls at the top of streets or the bottom of alleys, there were people spreading the glorious news of senior Tianhang driving away the Demon Race and rescuing Flowing Light City by himself.



Willow Lane restaurant.



“That night, I heard movements early on, when senior Tianhang transformed into the sky dragon and stepped onto the clouds, the Demon Spider Race were immediately scared out of their wits, hahaha...”



“What! I remember when senior Tianhang waved his dragon claw, those demons were swept away like a gust of wind...”



“No no! senior Tianhang swung the giant sword in a backhand slash, and those weak Demon Spiders instantly turned into ashes and scattered!”



Several people were gathered around a table by the window discussing spiritedly, many empty wine jars scattered at their feet.



They were tipsy, but still energetic and in high spirits.



The guests at the nearby tables were also discussing heartily, drinking to their heart’s content. In the inn, all topics were revolved around a Human Race hero called Tianhang.



Whether it was the battle against Devouring Heaven Demon General, killing the black spider twins, or rescuing the Human Race heroes and civilians, he did it all single-handedly. With his power, he killed the Demon Race prince, and drove away the Demon Spiders. These deeds were all topics that were being enthusiastically discussed.

A waiter in navy blue garments, with a wide lapel, narrow sleeves, and a long towel hung on his shoulders, was also cheerfully pouring water and tea, and occasionally joined in the conversations with the guests.



Under the city walls at the end of the street.



“One two three four five, Tianhang defeated the spiders, the spiders scurry off, crying for mercy...”



“Little spider, eight feet, whining, panting, and wailing, running to their mothers...”



Several children were playing Jianzi together, while singing the most widely sang song in the city in recent days.



The haze that enveloped the city seemed to have been dispelled by this melodious and sweet-sounding nursery rhyme, which was like the sound of oriole birds singing. It caused some yellow-skinned old men sitting in a group to burst into laughter.

In the distance.



There were two similar aged children, each holding a finger-thick long branch.



One of the little boys was energetically raising the branch over his head, while the other whose clothes were stained with mud was brushing off the mud on his knee and sulking.



“It's my turn to be senior Tianhang!”



“No, I have not yet drawn my sword!”



“I don’t want to be spider prince...”



“Big brother... let me play a little longer...”



“All right, fine... it's my turn to be senior Tianhang, you be the black spider twins!”



“Fine! Old demon thief! Take this...”



On the watchtower.



Hu Bugui and Chen Zhengliang were standing shoulder to shoulder, staring at the Demon Spider camp fifty miles away.



Overhead, the demonic qi boundary was not as stable as before, and it seemed that the commander of the Demon Spider camp was not concerned about the defense at this time, as though it was not too worried the Human Race will invade them.



“Old Hu, senior Tianhang had been training for seven days. In these seven days there was not the slightest movement around the stone tower, do you think... senior Tianhang, in that battle, was he wounded?”



“Don't worry, that guy is a lot stronger than you and I. This time, there most likely will be a big breakthrough..We just need to protect the city as he said.”



“You’re right, what we can do now is not to give senior Tianhang any worries..”

…………



In the Stone Tower.



Ye Qingyu, who had returned to his original appearance, was sat in a meditative stance like an old monk, sitting cross-legged on a one diameter jade-coloured glass mat.

The jade-coloured glass mat glowed with a bright brilliance. The ground of the stone tower was covered with light blue-green lines, faintly forming a strange formation, and that jade-coloured glass mat was situated in the center of the formation where the yuan qi in the air was slowly flowing around.

“This formation unexpectedly has the effect of accelerating the absorption of yuan qi, no wonder the City Lords of Flowing Light City all choose to cultivate in this stone tower.” Ye Qingyu lightly smiled.

He sat cross-legged on the glass mat, discovering the special characteristic of the glass mat.



He closed his eyes, a calm and peaceful look on his face, and an ethereal aura radiating from his body.

Ye Qingyu meditated in deep concentration, suppressing the power within his body that was almost gushing out, and carefully observed his internal condition.



His mind sank into the dantian world.



Waves were soaring up high in the vast expanse of yuan qi sea, and soul-stirring pure power came from the monstrous yuan qi waves. The waves rose higher and higher, till they reached six thousand meters high, when they were seemingly being strangely suppressed.

Ye Qingyu carefully observed.



He was surprised to find that in the firmament of the dantian world was a mysterious force circulating around. And this visible spiritual power roaming in the air was precisely the pure power that the [Blood Drinker Sword] poured into his body.



The pure spiritual power was slowly flowing in the sky, because this power was too majestic. The originally gas-like aura suddenly expanded, almost condensing into a solid substance in the limited dantian world, like a melted transparent crystal, glistening with a gelatinous lustre.

The vast spiritual qi in the firmament formed a huge pressure, faintly competing against the tremendous waves in the yuan qi sea for more space.

“This power must be quickly refined, or my dantian world will explode!”



Ye Qingyu looked at the increasingly condensed and powerfully strong spiritual qi, and immediately made a decision——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 600:


Chapter 618, Yuan qi true-self doppelganger



He consolidated and upheld his energy. With a calm look on his face, he began to operate the nameless breathing technique. He was constantly drawing the spiritual qi that had condensed into a clear gelatinous substance from the sky and refined it a little at a time. This was a very long and boring process.



The majestic spiritual qi was operated by the nameless breathing technique, ran along the meridians of Ye Qingyu. Its flowing speed was very slow, and each time Ye Qingyu could only obtain a small amount of the spiritual qi, otherwise the tremendous spiritual qi was enough to instantly burst his meridians.



Time flew by.



Ye Qingyu sensed that as he constantly drew up spiritual qi to be transformed into his own yuan qi, those pure spiritual qi continued to nourish his meridians. Gradually this process broadened and strengthened his meridians, so that they were able to accommodate more yuan qi at the same time.

He tried to constantly increase the amount of spiritual qi that he could draw at a time. One wisp gradually became two wisps, then three wisps, until he could almost draw up ten wisps of spiritual qi at a time. In other words, his meridians had widened by ten times in these days of cultivation!

The nameless breathing techniquewas being operated at a much faster speed, and without the slightest stagnation.



And every time the dense spiritual qi in the air was thinned, the originally gelatinous semi-solid shape gradually became a dense gaseous substance. In the end, the spiritual qi in the sky turned into a few faint wisps floating in the sky, almost all completely absorbed.

This process lasted for seven full days!



The yuan qi sea at the lower dantian world was beginning to change.



The sea level of the yuan qi sea was rising and surging, and the waves that rolled up in the sea like hurricanes were getting higher and closer to the sky. The surging waves were more and more powerful, the colour of the sea was deeper and deeper, and the originally faint purple colour had gradually intensified and was more chilling than before.

The yuan qi sea of Ye Qingyu’s dantian world seemed to have experienced a long period of heavy rain with the rising water level.



A raging hurricane rolled over the sea and the surging waves hit the sea more violently. The monstrous waves joined into one like a million meter high cliff, surging to the other end of the yuan qi sea. Where it passed, Ye Qingyu’s dantian world seemed to have split with space-time cracks, a phenomenon that Ye Qingyu had never seen before!



He knew that his strength was rocketing at a rate that was frightening to even him.



The entire yuan qi ocean was not only undergoing a capacity change, the density of the whole yuan qi sea had become greater, and the yuan qi ocean was purer than before. It was a qualitative ascension.



The spiritual qi that Ye Qingyu was now refining was from a Demon Spider Prince who had been cultivating for one thousand years.



This power had already been through refining with the Demon Spider Prince, and after another process of refining with the [Blood Drinker Sword] and Ye Qingyu, the purity of the yuan qi power was far superior and purer than the yuan qi that Ye Qingyu absorbed from Heaven and earth!

Time slowly went by.



When Ye Qingyu had refined the last wisp of spiritual qi in the sky, above the yuan qi sea, the surging waves had risen to a height of nearly ten thousand meters!

Ye Qingyu drew a long breath, stopped operating the nameless breathing technique, and carefully examined the changes of the yuan qi ocean.



“Ah... almost there, I have refined the spiritual qi absorbed. The height of the yuan qi wave had reached almost ten thousand meters high! It seems that I will soon be able to break through the peak of Heaven Ascension!”

Ye Qingyu looked at the nearly one-million-meter-high giant wave, nodding in satisfaction.



“But now I am still at the peak of the Heaven Ascension. To break through to the Immortal Step boundary I will need more power!”



With this thought, his palm flashed, and the [Blood Drinker Sword] covered in red markings appeared in his hand.



“In the battle of Flowing Light City, my opportunity has arrived. Why don’t I press on and attack the Immortal Step boundary with this opportunity!”



Ye Qingyu had a plan.



His two fingers lightly wiped the sword body, when a crisp and distant sword cry sounded.



The [Blood Drinker Sword] trembled slightly, seemingly enjoying Ye Qingyu’s touch. The [Blood Drinker Sword], as though possessed of a spiritual nature, was automatically transporting the spiritual qi stored in the sword body into the body of Ye Qingyu.



Majestic spiritual qi, like a surging tide, flooded into Ye Qingyu’s body.



But in only a few moments, Ye Qingyu felt that his dantian world was nearly full. He immediately stopped drawing up energy and stored the [Blood Drinker Sword] back into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].



Feeling a full-body of yuan qi, he smiled and closed his eyes.



The nameless breathing technique was activated again.

Ye Qingyu once more began to refine the spiritual qi from the [Blood Drinker Sword].



An endless stream of spiritual qi passed along from the [Blood Drinker Sword], and after the previous seven days of refining, the experienced Ye Qingyu could now refine at a speed ten times faster that before!



What the [Blood Drinker Sword] had absorbed was the purest energy that a Demon Spider Prince had cultivated and refined for nearly one thousand years. How terrifying was this power. Even if Ye Qingyu’s current speed of refining spiritual qi was several times faster than that of ordinary people, it still took him a full ten days to refine two thirds of the energy inside of [Blood Drinker Sword].



In these ten days, Ye Qingyu had repeatedly drawn up strength from the [Blood Drinker Sword] and continued to operate the nameless breathing technique to refine it. This process was repeated a dozen times!



After a long period of refining, Ye Qingyu’s strength had reached an unbelievable level.



He once again observed the dantian world.

“Eh?”



Right away, Ye Qingyu noticed a new change within his body.



In his dantian world, the magnificent yuan qi sea seemed to have undergone some qualitative changes.



In the midst of the monstrous waves, there appeared to be a huge illusory yuan qi shadow.

The shadow, which was more than one thousand meters high, was vaguely a humanoid figure. There were hints of purple around the shadow, and a pure chilly air was being emitted. Its shape and appearance were similar to those of Ye Qingyu, but the facial features were very vague, like an unborn child that had not yet fully developed was sleeping peacefully in the mother’s womb.

The humanoid figure was tall and straight, quietly standing in the air, arms naturally hung down the side of the body. Despite being a near transparent illusory shadow, there was a fearful and oppressive aura spreading out.



Just as the illusory humanoid figure appeared, a vague idea dawned on Ye Qingyu.



The yuan qi illusory shadow was like a doppelganger of him.



“Is this the yuan qi true-self doppelganger?” Ye Qingyu, after being taken aback for a moment, discovered something as he stared closely at the humanoid shadow in the yuan qi world.



Yuan qi true-self doppelganger was a monumental milestone in the yuan qi martial arts path.



Using the yuan qi power within the dantian world to understand the laws and the power of eaven and earth to create something from nothing, such as create one’s own body, forming a yuan qi living thing. The martial arts ancestor named this as one’s true self.



Once one cultivated to the stage of a true-self doppelganger, it signified that the martial artist had begun to break through the shackles of the physical body, beginning to realize the law and origin of the world, going from ordinary to extraordinary. It was a qualitative ascension.



The moment that Ye Qingyu saw the yuan qi giant, he realized this right away.



The yuan qi true-self doppelganger had been born, which signified that he was already qualified to attack the real Immortal Step boundary.



With this thought, Ye Qingyu tried to convey his will.



The next moment, the illusory shadow in the sky slowly lifted its arm!



Ye Qingyu’s face lit up in joy.



The will that he passed out was for the yuan qi doppelganger to lift its arm!



Then he tried to command the yuan qi doppelganger to blink, nod and do various other simple movements. Like his soul was illuminated, the yuan qi doppelganger in the sky executed his command one by one.



Ye Qingyu, who had always remained calm in the face of any events, had a look of joy and surprise.



The cultivation of the yuan qi true-self doppelganger meant that he had stepped foot into the Immortal Step boundary. Although this doppelganger was only in the initial embryonic form, but this was undoubtedly a qualitative change. His own will could be directly communicated to the yuan qi doppelganger. Although it could only perform some simple actions, but for a embryonic doppelganger it was already a very perfect performance!



The expression of wild joy and surprise soon faded, and he very quickly resumed his usual calm and composed state.



The tremendous illusory shadow remained motionless within the monstrous waves. The waves in the yuan qi sea slammed the sea surface, and the huge impact struck the yuan qi-formed sea water into wisps of faint mist that condensed around the tremendous yuan qi illusory shadow, leaving specks of light in the air.

As Ye Qingyu constantly refined the spiritual qi of the [Blood Drinker Sword], more mist-like yuan qi gathered around the illusory shadow and the silhouette of the shadow gradually became clear. In the dantian world, the illusory shadow-like yuan qi doppelganger gradually solidified until the outline of the body could almost be seen and its aura was getting closer to that of the real Ye Qingyu!



But even he did not notice himself that the speed at which he operated the nameless breathing technique seemed to have accelerated greatly. He continued to refine the power in the [Blood Drinker Sword], injected it into the yuan qi sea, and no longer deliberately paid attention to the yuan qi giant in the sea.



The raging waves of the yuan qi sea were blotting out the sky and within the monstrous waves was the constantly changing yuan qi true-self doppelganger.



The yuan qi giant’s aura was increasingly condensed, even if his facial features were still blurred. But his physique had become more solid, no longer just an illusory shadow, and there were already clear distinguishable limbs and a torso being developed.

The great yuan qi true-self doppelganger treaded across the yuan qi sea.



His every step was heavy and slow, and as if he was the master of this expanse of yuan qi sea, even the slightest movement it made brought about earth-shaking changes to this vast yuan qi sea.

The yuan qi giant slowly lifted up one of his feet, its movement suddenly producing a huge rapidly spinning vortex. With the vortex as the center, the seawater of the yuan qi converged from all sides. The entire yuan qi sea was frantically stirred by this vortex and the huge vortex had almost directly penetrated into the sea bottom.

The huge vortex was of immeasurable depths, and a mighty tear sounded from the bottom of the vortex. The sea continued to flow along the sea bottom.



Boom!



At the bottom of the vortex came a sudden earth-shaking bang.

The water in the center of the vortex suddenly flowed back to the sea surface, forming a huge white jet of water in the center of the huge vortex, like a platform had sprouted up from the bottomless vortex, and the jet of water suddenly halted as it gushed to the feet of the giant——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

