Chapter 437:


Chapter 457, Your trouble is my trouble

A hundred years ago, during the era of sects, the Blood Moon Demon Sect was a very terrifying sect. They offered the blood of living people to the blood moon, so as to receive the awfully frightening evil powers that were scattered between the heaven and earth. Its disciples walked the world and slaughtered frequently, staining the earth with blood. They even took the bones, flesh and blood of living people as food. Wherever they passed, there was not a blade of grass that grew near. It was an infamous evil sect, and everyone turned pale at the mention of its name.

When the Snow Empire was established, especially towards this evil demon sect, they showed no mercy.

The funny thing was that the Blood Moon Demon Sect was arrogant and willful when they faced the military of the [Light Palace] of the Snow Empire. Not only were they unafraid, they instead gathered the power of their sect, as well as the other hundreds of large and small sects under them, in a futile attempt to defeat the [Light Palace] military camp, defeat the army of the Snow Empire, and replace them.

The result was that in the first moments of the confrontation, the military camp of the [Light Palace] taught them a lesson.

The man who commanded that battle was the fourth Divine General Zhi of the legendary Five Divine Generals.

At that time, Divine General Zhi, along with the other four Divine Generals, were the symbols of perfection and invincibility. With a pair of blood axes and blood-red armour, he had killed many famous and powerful sect masters and evil old ancestors, but he was covered in armour and no one had seen his true face before.

In that war, the Blood Moon Demon Sect was destroyed into ashes.

Within one day, their main sect gate was breached, the mountain protection formation faded. The blood moon disciples were almost wiped out, everything in the armoury was taken away, the master of the sect, Blood War Demon, was chopped into pieces by Fourth Divine General Zhi’s blood axe, and almost none of the thousands of elder of the sect could escape. After this war, the fourth Divine General was well known across the world and even more regarded as an incredible figure.

[Heart Deception War Demon], an elder of the Blood Moon Demon Sect, was also killed then.

The most precious treasure of the Blood Moon Demon Sect, the [Blood Moon Demon Armour] also disappeared in the flames of the war.

No one would think that the [Blood Moon Demon Armour] would reappear today, and that rotten aura of the demon armour was a unique characteristic of the [Rotten Blood Vine] cultivation technique. As the leader of that war, Wen Wan instantly recognized who the person that was wrapped in the [Blood Moon Demon Armour] was.

It seems that [Heart Deception War Demon] did not die, but had escaped with the sect’s treasure [Blood Moon Demon Armour].

Wen Wan was one of the leaders of the destruction of the Blood Moon Demon Sect, and [Heart Deception War Demon] was a respected elder of the Blood Moon Demon Sect.

The two men stood opposite each other in the air, with sparks arcing back and forth between their eyes.

For Heart [Deception War Demon], it could be described as when enemies come face to face their eyes blazed with hatred. New hatred piling on the old grudge, he was itching to kill Wen Wan ten thousand times over.

“Very good, I didn’t think that the fourth Divine General Zhi would look like this. I will remember you, I vowed to the heroic spirit of my ancestors and thousands of dead disciples of the Blood Moon Demon Sect that, no matter what, I will kill you!” The voice of [Heart Deception War Demon] echoed, and the hatred, as if it were blood, was gushing out from his words, sending chills down one’s spine.

Wen Wan laughed.

“The old ghosts of the Blood Moon Demon Sect and those minions, it is unknown how many human beings they had killed and tortured. They should have gone to hell, what heroic spirit? Pah, this kind of evil sect, I will destroy one when I see one, I will destroy 10,000 if I see 10,000.” The blood axes in his hands were rising slowly, and between his palm and the axe hilt, there was a blood-like red light surging.

The methods of Wen Wan seemed to resemble those of the Blood Moon Demon Sect, but there was not the slightest evil aura, instead it was burning brightly. He said disdainfully, “One hundred years ago, you were lucky to have escaped. Since today you came out to find death, good, I will kill the fish that slipped through the net. I will completely wipe out the Blood Moon Demon Sect.”,

“Keke...” [Heart Deception War Demon] laughed, “In order to avenge my sect, I have abandoned my fleshly body, and completely formed into one with the [Blood Moon Demon Armour], breaking the limits of the Blood Moon Demon Sect. For me to kill you now is incredibly easy. Haha, do you dare to come to the battlefield of the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven with me for a battle?”

As he finished speaking, the blood-coloured demon armour rose, turning into a beam of blood light, disappearing in a higher altitude of the sky.

Wen Wan’s body flashed, following like a bolt of lightning.

Experts of such level, once a battle breaks out, was bound to darken the sun and moon and cause the ground to quake. The terrible power that erupted could instantly wipe out cities, destroy the earth, turn lands of life into deserts, or even shatter everything within thousands of miles. They must go to the battlefield of the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven to fight freely.

In the sky, there was no other figure.

Ye Qingyu stood before the [Light Palace], not knowing what to say.

Since Wen Wan was the fourth Divine General Zhi, then why was he always at his side?

Since entering White Deer Academy, Wen Wan had been treating him differently, and later Wen Wan served in the Youyan army first. At that time it seemed that he was appointed into the Youyan Pass, but now there seemed to be another mystery.

Because shortly after entering Youyan Pass, Wen Wan wrote to him, inviting him to cultivate martial arts in Youyan Pass.

In a way, Wen Wan was like a responsible leader, guiding the footsteps of Ye Qingyu at every step, so that Ye Qingyu unconsciously embarked on a good road that he had planned beforehand. And on this path, he has been escorting and protecting Ye Qingyu all along.

Why did Wen Wan appear at White Deer Academy?

And that female sword immortal Wang Jianru.

So many amazing people, why would they conceal their identity and stay in White Deer Academy?

Now thinking back, those days in Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu’s recklessness had shocked a lot of people.

But every time, he had a narrow escape.

This was most likely because Wen Wan had done things in the background...

Although every step that Ye Qingyu took had seemingly taken into account the reaction of all parties, trying hard to seek a balance, but in fact, every step was extremely dangerous, like dancing on a steel wire. But in the end it was always a close call. Even the commander of the front battalion Liu Suifeng, Mister Liu and others of the Pass Lord’s residence took care of Ye Qingyu, to even Lu Zhaoge...

Ye Qingyu rubbed his temples.

He vaguely came to realize that everything that had happened to him was not that simple.

As one the five Great Divine Generals, Divine General Zhi had concealed his identity and was living in a small city, perhaps waiting for something. Perhaps it was possible that he had helped Ye Qingyu, a younger junior with potential, on the spur of the moment. But even if so, Wen Wan should not have spent so much time and energy on Ye Qingyu.

But...

“Why was it me that finally became the Lord of the Light Palace? And could walk into the [Light Palace]?”

Since Wen Wan was the fourth Divine General Zhi, then he should have known about the smelly monkey. After all, one was the right hand man of the God of War, and the other was the battle companion of the God of War...

Ye Qingyu drew a deep breath.

So that means, the fact that the smelly monkey tricked him into stirring up the situation, Wen Wan probably already knew of this beforehand.

Therefore, the battle at the [Light Palace] today, where all evil monsters made an appearance one after another, perhaps was also according to the plan and prediction of the smelly monkey and Wen Wan?

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

There was too much mist covering everything in his mind.

There were lots of problems. When he carefully thought about it, everything seemed outrageous. There were seemingly many possibilities, but each one was jaw-dropping.

There were so many problems that Ye Qingyu couldn’t be sure of now.

The only thing that he could be sure of was that the battle of the [Light Palace] was not over.

It may even be the opposite; it was just the beginning.

There was a possibility that more old monsters would show up.

And Ye Qingyu’s intuition, indeed, was not wrong.

In the endless snow, the void in the sky was rippling again, as another formidable figure appeared in the void. This figure that was emitting poisonous mist was unclear, and it was difficult to distinguish whether the person was from the Human Race or another race. But he was certain that this existence was also a very fierce person, and evidently did not have good intention towards the [Light Palace].

Terrifying poisonous lightning was gathering in his hands, forming a huge ball of light containing green poisonous mist bubbling inside, and then suddenly bombarded at the [Silver Flowing Light Formation].

Ye Qingyu was unable to stand in the face of this level of attack...

Fortunately at his side, there was another fierce person.

Ximen Yeshui, who was playing with his parrot, was disturbed again. Enraged, he stretched his hand into the void and the ocean blue three-pronged spear emerged in his hand, thrusting at the poisonous lightning in the void that was falling like a meteorite.

Boom!

The poisonous lightning exploded, diffusing in the air.

The green fallout pounded against [Silver Flowing Light Formation], causing waves of silver ripples. But the silver formation eventually withstood the attacks.

“I say brother, what is your identity? What exactly did you do, why does it seems like you have stabbed a hornet’s nest, so many ruthless people came to find you?” Ximen Yeshui looked at Ye Qingyu like he was the root of the trouble.

Ye Qingyu shrugged and forced a smile.

“All right.” Ximen Yeshui was also a little helpless, saying, “Although you bring a lot of trouble, but I said before that we are brothers, since we are brothers, then your trouble is my trouble. I’ll help you... But, give me a hand and take care of my bird.”

He handed his multicoloured parrot to Ye Qingyu, about to turn around, when he suddenly thought of something, shot a wary glance at Silly dog Little Nine and said in a serious tone, “Brother, I’m not joking. Do take good care of [Rosy Cloud], don’t let that little fat dog of yours that even eats shit eat my parrot.”

“Woof...” Silly dog Little Nine snapped. “Black face, what do you mean, say it to me directly, do not talk behind my back.”

“I said it to your face, when did I talk behind your back?” Ximen Yeshui said loudly, holding the spear and soaring up.

Boom boom boom!

A battle instantly unfolded.

The real battle strength of Ximen Yeshui erupted———

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 438:


Ye Qingyu's previous guess was not wrong. This dark-faced scholar was really an existence at the Heaven Ascension stage.

This only successor from a mysterious sect, with the trident in his hand, he could be regarded as a completely abnormal existence.

The two terrifying figures clashed several times in the air, clearly testing the strength of each other. They did not hesitate anymore, turning into two bolts of lightning that shot to the sky. They also entered into the battlefield at the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven.

For existences at the Heaven Ascension stage, when they really wanted to fight to the death, they would all choose to go into the battlefield at the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven. From ancient times to now, this was a rule that had become the norm. All the people at this state of cultivation would choose to obey this rule.

After all, this domain was the home of all life forms. No matter whether they were good or evil, they lived here. Destroying this world was tantamount to destroying their own home.

Furthermore, there was also a legend.

According to the legend, if there was an energy that was enough to endanger the domain and battle began near the ground that caused the entire domain to have the danger of collapsing, the laws of the domain would activate automatically. Divine punishment would befall, destroying both parties doing battle, to prevent the domain from being broken. This was one of the self-protective mechanisms of the world.

Looking at Ximen Yeshui and that mysterious demon expert disappearing, Ye Qingyu could not laugh or cry.

Just what was happening?

Every single person showed themselves above the [Light Palace], then found their own opponent, meeting up at another location to fight?

Was the [Light Palace] a holy place in which one met up to fight?

"It seems that those intertwining forces that want to act against the [Light Palace] wanted to use such a method to completely expose the hidden foundations of the [Light Palace]. They wanted to completely expose the true power of the [Light Palace], and also test the baseline of the [Light Palace] step by step? A hundred years had past, but even today, it seems they still have fear for that person. They are deathly worried, that that person's disappearance is only a ruse…”

Ye Qingyu bitterly smiled.

"But it's only that, where are the other three of the five Great Divine Generals. Where have they gone? And who could they be?"

Ye Qingyu once again looked to the people beside him.

Dai Youmeng and Liu Jingyan, the two great Envoys of Light, at this time, were completely scared dumbfounded. They stood silently below, not even daring to let out a fart.

Gao Han originated from the Jianghu in the south and became famous there. Afterwards, he lived in seclusion in the Han River. After the battle at Youyan Pass, he came to follow beside Ye Qingyu. Everything could be investigated, he was absolutely not one of the Five Divine Generals. As for the fatty, the leader of the soldier camp in the second area...

As Ye Qingyu thought of this, his eyes brightened.

"Could it be, that fatty, is also one of the Five Great Divine Generals?“

Thinking that previously the fatty had casually shot an arrow and killed [Violet Eagle], who was famed for his archery skills amongst the [Thirteen Cold-Blooded Eagles], he was clearly hiding something. He seemed to be the same as an expert hiding himself. Could he really be one of the Five Great Divine Generals?

As Ye Qingyu thought of this, through the formation projection, he went to observe the soldier camp in the second area of the City of Light.

Who would have guessed that he nearly spat out something as he did this.

Within the soldier camp, the fatty was currently busy splitting their wealth along with the soldiers under his command. They nearly broke out into a fight with each other. They evidently wanted to leave  before the [Flowing Silver Light Formation] was destroyed, and gather some valuable items. Once the City of Light was broken open, they would immediately disperse and escape...

One could only see this group of marvels, as they began tearing apart the canvas of the large tent. They used it to wrap all the valuable items they had managed to gather from the camp. All sorts of armour and weapons, as well as iron pots were taken. The fatty was currently fighting over a white tiger demon skin with a muscular soldier in his commander tent, his face red with effort...

"Mine, everything in my tent is mine!" The fatty howled with rage.

"You lost this tiger skin to me years ago!" the soldier also screamed angrily.

"Treason, you dare to steal food from the tiger's mouth?"

"I spit on you, you damn fatty. I've endured you for a long time. Quickly release your hands, after we've distributed everything, don't stop me from fleeing for my life... If you don't let go, I'll hit you."

Ye Qingyu turned away.

His lips were twitching.

Just what was this group of weirdos.

For such a group of weirdos, how were they able to enter the soldier camp of the [Light Palace]?

Just where had each of them came from? Did they come here for comedic relief?

Ye Qingyu was made completely speechless.

Fine, it seemed that he had overthought this. That damn fatty was absolutely not one of the Five Great Divine Generals.

Then what should he do afterwards?

If there was another Heaven Ascension stage expert appearing above the air, then who else could there be to help him share in his worries and fight for him?

Ye Qingyu looked to the people beside him.

There was a stupid dog that was currently having a stomach ache, and on his right shoulder was a prideful and arrogant parrot admiring himself. He was currently carrying a little white rabbit with a big temper but little ability. As for the monkey that had instigated all of this, it did not reply no matter how he called him. Right now, it was unknown whether he was alive or dead...

"This time, I've really been... conned, I've gotten onto a pirate ship.”

Ye Qingyu bitterly smiled.

After another thirty of fourty breaths, there really was another expert that descended.

Amongst the skies, amidst the drifting snow, the air shimmered. A dim flame began slowly spreading out amongst the ripples in the air. A figure began to be born from the dim red flame, standing silently in the air.

Ye Qingyu's pupils dilated.

"This... how is this possible?"

An unprecedented shock began to appear on Ye Qingyu's face without it being suppressed at all.

Because the figure that appeared in the skies was someone that he was too, too familiar with.

A dark red long dress, a dark red long hair like a halo floating in the air behind him. Dazzling eyes, her petite figure, her delicate facial features. This was especially so for her intricate little nose, as well as her pair of large eyes.

Her eyes were once filled with a clear innocence, like the most beautiful black gemstones in the entire world.

But right now, those eyes were filled with dim red, and had an iciness and emotionlessness that made one distance oneself from fear.

Song Xiaojun.

She appeared in the air above, coldly surveying the ground from the sky above. Evidently, she was the current master of the Unmoving City of Darkness, the once little loli, Song Xiaojun.

This was a girl that Ye Qingyu could hardly forget about, a girl that he had always paid attention to.

But Ye Qingyu had never imagined, that after the departure in the palace of the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So, that he would meet with Song Xiaojun in such a scene.

"Could it be... that this girl came... to attack the [Light Palace]?"

Ye Qingyu's heart beat fiercely.

He lifted his head and saw that on the face of Song Xiaojun that was like it was carved from a ten thousand year old piece of ice, there was a faint shred of enmity.

Could it be that there was some misunderstanding?

Or perhaps Song Xiaojun did not realize that the Lord of the Light Palace was himself?

Ye Qingyu thought it over, then did not hesitate anymore. HIs figure flashed, instantly appearing in the skies high above, staring at Song Xiaojun opposite her.

He looked towards the little loli.

The gaze of the little loli also fell on Ye Qingyu.

As they stared at each other, Ye Qingyu could hardly conceal the turbulence in his heart.

After a year, Song Xiaojun's body had grown significantly. Right now, she seemed to be a fully grown girl. She had grown taller, and her figure had also developed. Her originally flat chest had become slightly enlarged, like little hills and valleys. Her waist was slender, and her legs were long and full. She began to have a charm that belonged to a young girl, like a flower that was about to blossom. It was already enough to make one foresee the unparalleled beauty she would have when she fully blossomed.

But in her eyes, there was not the slightest of emotions whatsoever.

Such a gaze was as if it was evident she did not recognize Ye Qingyu whatsoever.

This was absolutely not an expression one should have after being seperated for a year.

Although after immersing with the bloodline of darkness, Song Xiaojun had completely lost her memories of the past. But within Youyan Pass, after a series of event at the [Common Liquor House], Ye Qingyu could already confirm that Song Xiaojun had begun to establish an intimacy and trusting relationship towards him.

This heartfelt feeling and relationship caused the little loli to accompany Ye Qingyu and protect him along the way in their exploration of the palace of the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So. it was also demonstrated fully when he entrusted the little white rabbit to him.

Ye Qingyu could be sure that their hearts were linked as one between the two of them.

But right now...

"Xiaojun..." Ye Qingyu opened his mouth to say something.

But at this time, Song Xiaojun slowly lifted her right arm. A vortex of dark red flame, began to converge in the fingers of her slender white hand, like a flower of flame blossoming. It instantly enlarged, like a sharp sword piercing through the air as it shot towards Ye Qingyu.

This was a merciless strike.

After a year, the strength of Song Xiaojun had already reach a powerful state that was hard to describe using words.

The female sword immortal Wang Jianru had once said that after Song Xiaojun had completely immersed with the bloodline of darkness, her strength would begin to grow along with time. She did not need to cultivate. As long as there was enough time, she would soar to the heavens and become a true absolute expert. The bloodline of the Unmoving City of Darkness, was tyrannical and powerful to the extreme.

The move of Song Xiaojun had also demonstrated this point.

Ye Qingyu originally thought that his strength had grown by leaps and bounds in this year of time. To leap into the River Stage of the Bitter Sea stage, was already shocking enough. But Song Xiaojun's casual move, when dark flames shot out, caused Ye Qingyu to instantly realize that he could not block this move.

This was already not a distance battle techniques could overcome.

This was purely the complete dominance of pure power.

Ye Qingyu did his utmost to evade.

"Xiaojun... it's me, you... don't recognize me?" Ye Qingyu was somewhat in a sorry state.

"Zhizhizhizhi..." the little white rabbit in Ye Qingyu's embrace began shrilly squeaking, somewhat agitated. It seemed to want to escape from Ye Qingyu's embrace and jump towards Song Xiaojun.

In Song Xiaojun's icy cold eyes without the slightest hint or turbulence, there was a questioning light that flashed by. She halted for a brief moment.

Ye Qingyu was instantly overjoyed, wanting to say something.

At this time, the parrot on Ye Qingyu's shoulder suddenly began squawking and opening its mouth: "Hey, pretty girl, you're beautiful. Do you have time, let's go drink and talk about life... Squawk, squawk!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 439:


Boom!

The cold light in Song Xiaojun's eyes exploded. The dark red flames instantly transformed into the state of a true phoenix that struck without any mercy towards him.

Ye Qingyu nearly fell at this moment.

To think this scummy parrot would harass Song Xiaojun at this moment? Was he looking to die?

He did his utmost to avoid, barely making it. With a loud voice, "Xiaojun, this parrot was not raised by me... I am Ye Qingyu, do you really not recognize me? Quickly stop..."

"Zhi zhi zhi..." The little white rabbit also began sharply squawking, as if it wanted to say something.

But the parrot continued to excitedly squawk, saying, "Hehe, a wild little horse. Haha, I love it, I love little tomboys, hahaha..."

Ye Qingyu hated the fact that he could not bash this parrot to death.

This was unquestionably the words Ximen Yeshui had taught it to pick up girls.

The parrot that the dark-faced scholar had bought was perfect for the atmosphere to talk with girls in places like brothels .Therefore, these days, he had spent every moment teaching the parrot such words to tease pretty girls. But who would have thought this feathered beast was also a perverted gutsy thing. Seeing a beautiful girl like Song Xiaojun, it's instinct instantly exploded and completely repeated everything the dark-faced scholar had taught it.

Ye Qingyu completely had the intent to kill someone.

That damn thing, to dare say such things at such a crucial moment?

Facing the merciless onslaught of Song Xiaojun, Ye Qingyu was in an extremely sorry state.

In the blink of an eye, there were already several injuries on his body. Facing the dim flame of the true phoenix brushing past him, in an instant, everything was burnt to ashes. His skin and muscles had already become completely burnt, and he escaped from deaths several times. He was nearly completely burnt into coal.

There was a powerful alien fire poison held in these dim dark flames.

Thinking back, when the War God of Youyan Pass Lu Zhaoge faced the burning flames of Song Xiaojun, he had nearly also died. Furthermore, this was the Song Xiaojun who had her strength increased explosively.

Thankfully, there was the [Supreme Ice Flame] within Ye Qingyu. Furthermore, his control over the [Supreme Ice Flame] had already reached a masterful state. He could barely manage to use it to solve the fire poison from the flames of darkness.

But even if so, Ye Qingyu was nearing the point when he could not endure any longer.

He activated the [First Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], but he was still not her opponent.

"Xiaojun, that parrot was not raised by me..." Ye Qingyu loudly tried to explain.

"I love to ride a wild horse, zhi zhi zhi..." the parrot began to squawk more and more excitedly, its wing flapping loudly as it shouted.

Song Xiaojun's expression was as icy as ever. She acted without mercy, as if he wanted to completely destroy Ye Qingyu. She did not even hold back in the slightest.

Ye Qingyu wanted to completely kill this parrot.

But thinking of the reminder that Ximen Yeshui had before he left for battle, and that this parrot did not have much intelligence, it was only repeating what it had heard. If he killed it, he did not know how to explain it to Ximen Yeshui.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu discovered that Song Xiaojun's merciless attacks were not because she had been enraged by the words of the parrot or anything else.

From her expression, she seemed to have already completely forgotten about Ye Qingyu.

She did not recognize the little white rabbit in his embrace.

"What is happening? Could it be that she is being controlled by someone? En... this does not seem like it, her consciousness seems very normal. It seems that she really doesn't remember me anymore... could it be, that her bloodline of darkness has activated once again, and she lost her memory once again?"

There were a thousand thoughts flitting through Ye Qingyu's mind.

This seemed to be the only explanation.

The activation of the bloodline of darkness caused Song Xiaojun's strength to increase tens of times over. Her cultivation state increased horrifyingly fast, but she lost all her memories...

If it was like so, then this really would be troublesome.

Ye Qingyu felt somewhat over his head.

But he could not have any distracted thoughts.

Because after several consecutive attacks had failed, there was finally a faint shred of impatience that flitted across Song Xiaojun's icy face. Her slender hand formed a dark red lotus-like seal, and instantly there was an endless flame power that began mightily suppressing all around Ye Qingyu. It formed an invisible flame-like prison that bound him within.

This time, Ye Qingyu no longer had anywhere where he could evade.

There was a dim red emotionless light flickering in Song Xiaojun;'s eyes.

Both her hands pressed together in front of her chest, madly suppressing.

The wind flames all around Ye Qingyu also followed along, pressing together.

Ye Qingyu felt his vision going dark, the smell of darkness beginning to spread.

His heart fiercely thudded. He was about to use his last card up his sleeve, [Flash] to escape, when something unexpected happen.

There was a black figure that flashed by, the light of a blade striking out. There was a fracture that was created in this flame tide-like prison, and Ye Qingyu felt his limbs losenning. In that crucial moment, he was suddenly brought flying out  by a black figure that had appeared and came to a safe distance.

He had escaped.

There was sweat dripping from Ye Qingyu's forehead.

“This little girl was for real."

Ye Qingyu let out a deep breath.

This was absolutely, ever since the first time he had began his journey, the closest he had ever come to death. He did not think that he would encounter this in his meeting with Song Xiaojun.

He turned his head to look towards the black figure by his side.

This was the person who had saved him at such a crucial moment. There was a faint black mist covering around his figure, as if he was incorporeal and real at the same time. From his appearance, he seemed to be similar to that ancient mysterious person millions of years ago. The figure floated, holding a curved blade in his hands, as mist and smoke enwrapped around his figure unstably.

"My thanks, You are?"

Ye Qingyu gave his thanks as he asked.

But the black figure did not even say a word. It turned into a blade of flowing flight that appeared in an instant behind Song Xiaojun. The black twin blades of the figure struck towards the black flames protecting Song Xiaojun, directly towards the beautiful white neck of hers that was like a swan, mercilessly.

An extremely fast speed.

An extremely vicious blade technique.

Ye Qingyu's heart fiercely thudded.

zThe strength of this black shadow was unfathomable. Not only was its footwork technique strange, but for the blades to be able to break apart the black flames protecting around Song Xiaojun meant that he was also an existence at the Heaven Ascension stage.

Thankfully, Song Xiaojun's cultivation was also at a state that a normal person could not discern at all.

In an instant, she lifted her hand, as a black flame lotus appeared. It encircled around her slender fingers, and began to blossom like an orchid. Her thumb and middle finger was like it was holding a petal, as she lightly and easily grabbed the blade of that shadow.

The curved blade of that black-coloured shadow could not advanced any further.

Song Xiaojun's expression was calm, as her wrist twisted.

Without any major noises accompanying it, the curved blade of that shadow was broken apart.

Then suddenly, in the air, there were a massive black lotus flames that appeared after another. The flowers were real and lifelike, with fire fluctuating within, that became the veins of the petals. It headed towards the center from all sides. Such a scene was extremely beautiful, as if the entire process of a flower blossoming was being repeated. A blazing flower bud was instantly taking shape.

The black figure was surrounded within this flower bud.

"[Fire Lotus Annihilation]!"”

Song Xiaojun finally opened her mouth, a crisp shout like jade hitting together.

In an instant, that black shadow was being burned and refined by the dark flames.

As the flower blossomed, there was a faint shred of black mist fluctuating. the dark shadow figure had already completely been refined.

But there was suddenly a strange colour that flashed across the fair and pure face of Song Xiaojun. Her figure quickly flickered, constantly changing her location, as if she was avoiding something...

In the air, the light of that curved blade constantly flashed...

At some unknown time, the black figure had long escape from the [Fire Lotus Annihilation]. The curve bladed figure had long returned to normal, and it struck like a storm towards Song Xiaojun, it's speed extremely fast. It was as if it was a shadow dancing in the air, so beautiful it was fatal.

……

"[An Expert Within The Shadows]?"

On the number one highest tower of the Imperial Gongfeng location, the one-armed divine nun that had been calmly observing, suddenly lost her composure. There was suddenly an extremely shocked expression appearing on her face, as she let out an exhalation.

That Bai Yuqing by the side with an curious expression, was taken aback, "Master, do you know of the backgorund of the black shadow? Can he... be able to block a female demon like Song Xiaojun?"

The one-armed divine nun turned back, looking towards the only disciple that she had taken in a year ago. She could not help but smile, "You little girl, after all, you're worried about that little kid? haha, just now, you were urging me to act, and you say you have no feelings towards the little Palace Lord? Your words really don't match your heart."

Bai Yuqing's face faintly reddened. "Master, you are mistaken. No matter what, I am still a citizen of Snow Empire, and Ye Qingyu is the master of the [Light Palace] of Snow Empire. He can be counted as someone on our side, me having concern for him is for the greater good of the Empire.”

The one-armed divine nun shook her head helplessly.

Bai Yuqing hesitated for a moment, before nearing with a smile: "Master, do you recognize that black shadow?"

"You little girl, you still don’t admit it." The one-armed divine nun looked at her with a benevolent smile. "If my guess is not wrong, the black figure should be the number one expert hidden in the shadows of the legends in the past. In the past, everyone knew that there were five Divine Generals under the command of that War God. Their strength was unfathomable. But rarely does anyone know that above the five Divine Generals, there was one person that was always hidden in the shadows. He does not have any fame whatsoever, and there was not much people knew of him. But his strength was terrifying. He was like a sharp and slender sword hidden behind the light, it eradicated all obstacles for the [Light Palace]. There was very few people who knew of this legend. In the legends, this black shadow, along with a pair of curved light blades, was like an untraceable and untrackable ghost. His body and blade techniques, were extremely beautiful. When he acts, it was like he was dancing amongst the light, and that’s why he was called the [An Expert Within The Shadows]. In the legends, this shadow rarely acts. Normally, it was beside a woman, protecting her. Afterwards, when the [Light Palace] began to decline, this shadow disappeared, along with the five Divine Generals. I did not imagine that he would appear here today.”

"So it was like so." Bai Yuqing's heart could finally rest assured.

Since this shadow, was ranked above the five Divine Generals, then it should be able to protect Ye Qingyu----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 440:


Chapter 460, Seeing Aunt Heng again

After a brief pause, Bai Yuqing exclaimed, “In the [Light Palace], advanced masters are coming forth in large numbers. It really is astonishing, such strength, isn’t it too terrifying? Even the Three sects and three schools, may not hold out against these people?”

“Ah, when the [Light Palace] aided the Imperial family of the Snow Empire back then, it wiped out and ended the era of sects. If there was no real power behind them, then how could they do this?” The one-armed divine nun sighed regretfully. “You girl, have not seen the flourishing state of the [Light Palace] during its glorious period... It really was a legendary time.”

“Master, since there are so many strong experts to support the [Light Palace], why has it deteriorated all these years? In this past hundred years, the five Great Divine Generals as well as that shadow had not made an appearance in this world.” Bai Yuqing asked in a puzzled tone. “Besides the [Expert Within the Shadow], any one of the five Great Divine Generals could maintain the glory of the [Light Palace], couldn’t they?”

Single-armed divine nun shook her head. “So-called rise and fall. The glory of the [Light Palace] was all due to that person. Although there were the [Expert Within the Shadows], the five Great Divine Generals, as well as the countless masters of the soldier camp of the [Light Palace], the main reason it flourished was because the one that established the [Light Palace], the War God, was too terrifying. There was no enemy that could match his strength in the sky or on the ground. The War God suddenly went missing a hundred years ago and following his disappearance the [Light Palace] encountered a great enemy.”

“A great enemy? What kind of power could contend with the [Light Palace] at that time?” Bai Yuqing asked curiously.

“I don’t know about that, maybe some sacred place of the ancient sects, maybe some foreign demons...” the one-armed divine nun said. “In that period of history, opinions differ, no one knows the truth. Anyway, in the end the Snow Empire still, as they wished, ruled all the lands, the Human Race prospered. Many things of the past, began to be gradually forgotten…”

……

Ye Qingyu was palpitating with anxiety and worry at one side.

He was afraid that Song Xiaojun would be wounded, and was worried that the shadow could not stop Song Xiaojun’s onslaught.

In the void, there were black shadows flashing, like demons and ghosts, the dark red flame lotus petals fluttering. As they flew past, all black shadows were destroyed. Such a battle was like watching the most beautiful scenery in the world, but Ye Qingyu was deeply aware that this beautiful scene contained a terrible murderous intent. Both sides, no matter whom, as long as they were careless for a moment, was in danger of perishing.

Ye Qingyu’s injury was not light, and he did not know which side to help.

In fact, at this level of combat, unless Ye Qingyu once again activated the [Fifth Limit] state of the [Limitless Divine Way], there was no way he could interfere.

Suddenly——

“Go back.”

A calm and indifferent voice, sounded in the ears of Ye Qingyu.

“Huh?” Ye Qingyu was startled.

“Go back, don’t worry, I will not kill her,” the voice sounded again.

Ye Qingyu finally understood.

The person who spoke was the black shadow.

Ye Qinyu hesitated slightly for a moment, before he nodded and bowed his thanks. He turned into a stream of light, and instantaneously returned to before the [Light Palace].

And by the time he looked up into the sky again, both the black shadow and Song Xiaojun’s figure were unexpectedly gone. It may be assumed that after these two people had tested each other’s strength and became aware that both were of the Ascending Heaven stage, they knew that there was no way to decide the winner like that and headed for the peak of the Ninth Heaven to be able to battle without restrain.

Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief.

His mood began to turn very bad.

What had happened to Song Xiaojun? Why did she suddenly not recognize him?

And every one her attacks were merciless and deadly, not holding back at all, clearly trying to kill him.

“Squeak...” The little white rabbit was no longer struggling, shrinking back into Ye Qingyu’s arms wailing, pearls of tears rolling down from its ruby red eyes. It was evidently extremely heartbroken.

Ye Qingyu stretched out his hand and gently stroked it comfortingly.

The black-coloured shadow may be one of the five Great Divine Generals of the [Light Palace]. He hoped that his battle with Song Xiaojun would end with a draw, what if Song Xiaojun was no match for that person... The Unmoving City of Darkness had many secret techniques. Even if Song Xiaojun was defeated, she should be able to escape...

Ye Qingyu looked up at the sky.

It should not be over yet.

“Who would be the next to come?”

He was suddenly no longer worried about the situation in front of him.

The fact that the smelly monkey urged him to attack, and Divine General Gong and Divine General Zhi had appeared, showed that the powers of the [Light Palace] were prepared all these years and should have everything all planned out already. The only thing he could do now was to play the role of a spectator. There was no longer much that could be done to affect the situation significantly.

Besides, it was no use worrying.

He slowly walked into the [Light Palace], sat cross-legged on the cold jade chair, activated the nameless breathing technique, and began to heal himself.

The [Supreme Ice Flame] was activated. A small silver ice dragon, visible but not tangible, was spiralling around Ye Qingyu, constantly moving back and forth among his muscles, bones, and blood. Sparkling snowflakes, like the scales of the silver dragon, were similarly shrouding Ye Qingyu’s whole body.

Time slowly went by.

Ye Qingyu finally opened his eyes.

The dark fire poisonous force on the periphery of his body had been thoroughly removed.

Today, Ye Qingyu had been wounded several times. Fortunately all were not fatal, and by drawing the power of the underground fire spirit spring sword pit of the [Light Palace], he eventually had completely recovered.

He stood up slowly.

From the light rays that pierced through the great courtyard of the [Light Palace], he realized that the sky was already dark.

“Lord of the palace.”

The voice of Li Changkong and Yang Hengshui sounded in his ears.

These two people had finally recovered from their serious injuries.

Ye Qingyu nodded, did not speak, and slowly walked towards the outside of the palace.

The two  Envoys of Light followed behind.

Once out of the hall, from the void overhead, there was a powerful force surging. Despite a huge battle among experts occurring in the sky, in the doorway of the [Light Palace], there stood a person.

Without his consent, there was someone that could enter the [Light Palace]?

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

Looking more carefully, this person wore a long white dress. She had dark hair almost down to the heel, had an extremely slim figure, and there was a quiet and gentle aura; it was someone that he knew——

The extremely gentle woman, Aunt Heng, who he had seen in the ancestral land of the Imperial family before.

“Your injury is better?” Aunt Heng seemed to have heard footsteps, looked back, her eyes falling on the body of Ye Qingyu, and said with a faint smile, “The situation has developed to this degree, yet you could still so calmly go inside to heal.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, slowly walked over, and stood shoulder to shoulder with her. “There’s nothing I can do, mighty experts have descended, immortals are battling, I am just an ordinary mortal. Even if I stand at this gate watching, it’s of no use. It’s better to go back and heal my wounds. Even if the [Light Palace] really was breached, I will have a chance of escaping if I am fully healed.

Aunt Heng shook her head and said with a smile, “You child...”

The tone of her voice was like a close elder scolding her nephew.

Although Ye Qingyu was inwardly surprised, he wanted to know more about why Aunt Heng had suddenly appeared in the [Light Palace]. But before he was able to ask, just like Li Changkong and Yang Henshui behind, Ye Qingyu also looked up to the sky, his eyes falling on the man who was fighting.

In the sky, there were four people, divided into two pairs, fighting at close quarters

The pair fighting in the east, one of whom was a middle-aged nun with only one arm, was holding a snow-white horsetail whisk in her hand. When she flicked the horsetail whisk, it was as though a dragon was coming into being, full of changes, infinitely profound. The moment that Ye Qingyu saw her, he knew that the strength of this woman was well above his, and should not be underestimated. The opponent of the nun was a man clad in a vine armour, wielding a withered wooden stick, like a fire staff, equally as amazing and astonishing. He was at a complete standstill with the nun.

On the western side of the battle ring, one of them was a man in a long green robe, holding a folding fan, with a slender figure, sword-like brows and big dazzling eyes, looking graceful and confident. While snapping open and closing his folding fan, blade lights were bursting forth. His strength was equally deep and unfathomable. While his opponent, could not help but make Ye

Qingyu laugh after a moment of surprise.

It was fatty.

The fatty who fought over the valuables in the army camp.

This fatty for some unknown reason was fighting with that jade-faced scholar, like a meatball, floating in the air. He was armed with an ordinary long bow and carrying tens of arrows in the quiver on his back. While yelling and avoiding the opponent’s attack, he was constantly lifting the bow and drawing it to shoot an arrow.

Each arrow that was shot out was accompanied by a mighty burst of power. The jade-faced scholar didn’t dare to face it head on and could only dodge.

Fatty’s facial expression was exaggerated, but also of pain and panic, as if someone had forced him to fight. His fat belly was wobbling as he moved, looking extremely funny, and did not exhibit the demeanour of a master, but to his surprise the jade-faced scholar was suppressed, unable to get away.

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

Wasn’t the fat man preparing to escape? How did he end up in the fight?

“It’s them?” From behind came the surprised voice of Li Changkong.

Ye Qingyu twisted around to look at him.

Li Changkong hurriedly said, “That old man with the withered tree branch and vine armour and the folding fan jade-faced scholar, are experts of the Right Minister's residence. The former is in charge of the Right Ministers West Courtyard, known as withered wood old man, and the latter is in charge of the East Courtyard, Jade-faced scholar. They both were experts that the Right Minister had gathered. These two people are ranked in the [Divine Dragon List], well known in the Imperial capital, although not as famous as the [Thirteen Cold Blooded Eagles], their status in the Right Minister's residence are very high, and they are the core aides of the Right Minister.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

