Chapter 293:


Chapter 294 - Call me Xiaosan

Once they reached the city, there were obviously many social activities and feasts.

All the nobles of Deer City came—— except Ding Kaixuan. The little nobleman who formerly occupied the Ye Mansion had heard early on that Ye Qingyu would come and was scared out of his wits. The entire city had known about their former grudges and no one dared to associate themselves with him. A few days ago, Ding Kaixuan was holed up in his own mansion, praying that Marquis Ye had forgiven him or had long forgotten about him. Just how would he dare to appear in front Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu had to deal with the somewhat excessively enthusiastic nobles before he could return to the Ye Mansion. This took until the evening.

Those that arrived in Ye Mansion ahead of him, besides Ye Qingyu’s ten soldiers of Youyan Pass, were Wen Wan, Li Shizhen, and of course the big headed glutton dog.

As for Mother Wu and her family, they stayed with Bai Yuanxing on the [Bright Sword Ship].

Ye Qingyu wanted to bring Bai Yuanxing to the Ye mansion so that he could relax and let go of his worries in Deer City. But Bai Yuanxing had always felt that he was a cripple. If he returned with Ye Qingyu, he would look like a burden even more so he repeatedly refused. Ye Qingyu knew there was still a knot in his heart and did not want to force him.

Lanterns were lit.

Within Ye mansion, there was a festive and joyous atmosphere, It was decorated with lanterns and colourful banners everywhere.

“Big brother Xiaoyu!” Little Grass rushed out excitedly.

“Young master!” Tang San stood at one side, an excited smile curving his lips. He looked in high spirits.

After a year of self-discipline, Tang San was no longer the timid servant. Qin Lan rarely cared about the estate outside of the Ye mansion and it was Tang San who had took care of it. Compared to one year ago, Tang San seemed more confident, more handsome and although his strength had not changed much, but he looked radiant and energetic.

“Yes, you have worked hard this past year.” Ye Qingyu patted Tang San on the shoulder.

“It wasn’t hard.” Tang San was so excited that he could feel his heart jumping out his chest, the usually very shy boy was now too excited to speak.

This one year had felt like a complete dream. His own fate had completely changed ever since the day that year when Ye Qingyu had broken into the Ye household.

However, at that time when Tang San was promoted as the supervisor to take care of the outer courtyard of Ye Mansion, he did not think that in just one year of time, his young master would turn the world upside down. The saying ‘when a man achieves the Dao, his poultry and dogs will also ascend to Heaven’ applied completely to this situation. He had absolutely followed the right person, even Heavens itself had taken pity on him.

“Is the Dean invited?” Ye Qingyu held the small hand of Little Grass, walking toward the inner garden.

“I personally invited him, the Dean said he would be on time,” Tang San respectfully answered.

“Well, that’s good.” Ye Qingyu nodded, smiling. “Pass on my words: everyone in the household will all be rewarded with a gold ingot. After today’s banquet, everyone except the servants of Aunt Qin can all take a day off. You’ve been busy this year, take a good rest.”

“Yes, Xiaosan must thank Marquis Ye on behalf of the servants.” Tang San smiled, bowing repeatedly.

“Xiaosan?” Ye Qingyu glanced at him and could not help but laugh. “Or Xiaotang, the name Xiaosan sounds strange and awkward... Yes, tell people to prepare the food, and do not forget to reward the soldiers outside the city with food and drink.”

“I’ve already sent people over there. Marquis Ye is really nice to his subordinates.” Tang San smiled.

“I have not seen you in a year, and now you make no errors in what you do.” Ye Qingyu nodded satisfactorily. “Well, you have worked hard. I haven’t been in the city for a year and the entire Ye mansion relied on you to support. It must have been difficult. At dinner later, we should sit together. ”

“It was all because of Aunt Qin, I just run errands.” Tangsan had a modest look but did not refute the compliment. “Thank you Marquis Ye, hehe.”

As they talked, they had already arrived at the inner courtyard.

The courtyard was brightly lit and full of laughter.

Ye Qingyu returned home in glory,. Not only were his relatives excited, even the maids and servants of Ye Mansion had a joyful expression spreading all over their face. As the saying goes ‘when a man achieves the Dao, his poultry and dogs ascend to the heaven’; the more illustrious and noble the master of the Ye Mansion was, the more superior the servants would feel walking in the streets of Deer City. These days, when they go outside to do the shopping, the instant the people know that they were from the Ye Mansion, people would be awed into silence and their tone would suddenly fill with envy and awe.

Under the light of the rune airship, the courtyard looked as though it was sprinkled with moonlight.

The banquet was held in the courtyard, as per Ye Qingyu’s request. Five or six large tables and chairs were placed carefully, and basically all the people of the entire Ye mansion were eligible to attend tonight’s banquet. The plants in the courtyard were lush green and thick, and several new green shoots were growing from the apricot trees. Because of the formation, the temperature here was more humid and warmer than the outside, so the vegetation sprouted early.

The aroma of wine and meat filled the courtyard.

“Young master.”

Seeing Ye Qingyu come in, the busy servants all bowed down, one after another.

“Hahaha, Marquis Ye, you grabbed the limelight today...” After a while, a hearty laughter came from the outside. The Dean of White Deer Academy had finally arrived.

“Headmaster Hon, it’s been a while.” Ye Qingyu bowed respectfully.

“Well, the changes seems to be quite large.” Hon Kong was still the same old Hon Kong; a robe draped over his shoulder like a maniac. He came over, looked up and down at Ye Qingyu, then nodded and smiled. “A year of military training has helped you a lot. You possess quite the elegant demeanor of the soldiers of Youyan Pass. When I sent you to Youyan Pass, I did not think that you were capable of doing such earth-shattering things, and now you’re an outstanding alumnus of my White Deer Academy.

“Dean is good at joking.” Ye Qingyu smiled and motioned for Hon Kong to sit down.

“What about the fool Wen Wan? I heard he also came back with you this time.” Hon Kong sat down at the main table, greeted Qin Lan and the others, then smiled and asked Ye Qingyu.

“Well, Wen disappeared the instant we arrived in the city. He said that he is going to catch up with some old friends, and I haven’t seen him after. It’s been almost two or three hours, he should be back soon,” Ye Qingyu said.

“Catch up with old friends?” Hon Kong repeated and then suddenly laughed. “That madman, there are only enemies of his in Deer City, what old friend... Hmm, but there are a few famous beauties in the city’s money squandering establishments that have a good relationship with old Wen. This guy has probably gone to appreciate the taste of affection and gentleness, and most likely won’t be back tonight. ”

“Your mother, I’ll kill you madman Kong. I haven’t seen you for a year, but you speak bad about me behind my back. I want to end our friendship,” an enraged shout sounded.

Wen Wan, with glowing ruddy cheeks, a small white dog squatted on his left shoulder, and a small white rabbit on his right, strode in and erupted in anger at Hon Kong.

“When did I talk behind your back? I was open and honest, but you were the one that eavesdropped.” Hon Kong disdainfully countered, glancing at Wen Wan and was slightly taken aback. “That’s strange. You only use brute force. When did your personality change and why would you raise so many small animals? Are you planning to make them into soup tonight? Dog and rabbit soup?”

Before his voice died away.

“Squeak, squeak, squeak!”

The red-eyed little white rabbit screamed sharply as it leaped over, attempting to bite Hon Kong’s hand with its shiny white teeth.

Ye Qingyu jumped up in panic and immediately caught the little white rabbit leaping across the air. He held it for a moment against his chest, explaining, “Uh... this rabbit is mine, it has a bad temper and likes biting people. I’m still trying to train it.”

Hon Kong was taken aback but then laughed, “interesting, but you gave the rabbit to be trained by mad Wen, can it be trained well?”

“Hey, old Hon, long time no see.” The puppy Little Nine jumped onto the table, wagging its tail and it’s tongue panting. “The bottles of wine in the cellar of Dean’s room are really good. I’m almost drunk. Thank you for looking after it for me for such a long time.”

“What?” Hon Kong’s complexion abruptly changed. “You went to my underground wine cellar to steal my wine, you...”

“What is this? We’re old friends so don’t speak so harshly. What do you mean steal wine. Wen came to pay you a visit, but you were not in so Wen could only wait for you there and drink some of the good wine that you prepared. I only drank a little...” Little Nine laughed.

“I...” Hon Kong rubbed his temple, looking frustrated. After a long moment, his complexion grew pale as he grumbled, “I’m so stupid, I should have known, you thief. One year ago you’ve already been thinking about my bottles of wine. I hid it so well and finally avoided the danger, but before you came back I should have hid them again. I’m too careless, too careless!”

“Hahaha, I only drank a little too.” Wan Wen gloated over his misfortune. “It tasted pretty good, just there was too little of it. Madman Hon, next time remember to prepare a little more.”

Ye Qingyu sat at the side and did not say anything, smiling secretly inside.

In this one year at the military frontlines, he had to face enormous pressure every day. Even if he had not participated in battles, he was still tense like a bowstring. Now that he had returned to his hometown, seeing so many friends and family bickering, he felt unprecedentedly relaxed and comfortable.

The banquet soon began.

Although Qin Lan repeatedly declined, but upon the insistence of Ye Qingyu, she sat at the main table, next to Hon Kong and then it was Ye Qingyu.

Since it was a private family banquet, there was no need to be seated according to official position or title.

At the other tables, everyone in the mansion sat down, raising their cups to celebrate the occasion.

The entire Ye Mansion was immersed in a joyous and festive atmosphere.

At that time, outside of the Ye Mansion, under the hazy moonlight at the main entrance of the mansion, there were three figures heading inside. They stopped at the door of the mansion, accidentally bumping into each other.

--------------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 294:


"It's you?"

Song Qingluo stood there, looking at Jiang Xiaojan by the door, somewhat surprised.

Jiang Xiaohan, seeing the appearance of Song Qingluo and her father, was somewhat awkward and embarrassed.

She originally thought that it was already late in the evening, and there should be no one there to see Ye Qingyu anymore. That was why she had mustered up her courage and came to outside the Ye household, wanting to see him, and to see if she could still repair their relationship.

After returning from the opening ceremony, Han Xiaofei began treating her very coldly, wanting to distance himself away from her. This senior brother disciple that she had already managed to capture, and would originally have brought her to the circle of nobles in the city, seemed to have already been scared witless by Ye Qingyu's might. He was like a little bird shivering behind a boulder in the face of a torrential storm.

Jiang Xiaohan's intellect was able to guess Han Xiaofei's inner thoughts instantly.

She felt anger as well as sadness.

She originally wanted to pay a visit during the night to avoid other people so she would not be a laughing stock. But she did not imagine her fears would come true so quickly. She had deliberately avoided Song Qingluo and her father. One must know that in this period of time when the Song family had fallen, when Song Qingluo had suffered isolation and bullying within the academy, Jiang Xiaohan had never treated Song Qingluo well.

Opposite.

Song Qingluo gave a glance to Jiang Xiaohan, looking away. Coming to the entrance of the Ye household, she knocked, smiling and greeting the old guard at the door and asking him to notify Ye Qingyu.

"So it was Miss Song, please wait."

The old guard had drank some wine, so he was in a good mood.

Song Qingluo and her father stood respectfully at the door.

Jiang Xiaohan wanted to say something, but she ultimately did not take a step forward in the end.

She covered her face, retreating step by step. When the shadows covered her figure, she turned and fled. When she had disappeared from the view of Song Qingluo and the others, she could not help but slowly halt her footsteps. Letting out a long sigh, she returned step by step, her feet like it was rooted to the ground. She walked past a weeping willow, returning to where she once stood.

The moonlight was like water, passing through and shining on the ground through the supple and thin branches of the willow.

The wind blew.

The shadows danced like a crowd of demons.

Jiang Xiaohan stood there silently. She saw the entrance of the Ye household opening and Song Qingluo being invited in. Then with a bang, the entrance was shut again.

"They've entered? Song Qingluo and her father entered?"

Jiang Xiaohan was greatly shocked.

One must be aware that they were the first pair who was allowed to enter into the Ye household ever since Ye Qingyu had returned to Deer City. Even nobles like the City Lord did not have such an opportunity.

Perhaps even I have a chance?

We were once classmates after all.

Hope burned in Jiang Xiaohan's heart.

……

……

"Thank you for your aid within Youyan Pass. You have helped the Song family endure their tribulation. I've heard that Marquis has returned, so I don't dare tarry and brought Qingluo to come here to specially thank your help. If you had not acted, I fear the Song family may already have..."

Song Jiannan had a face filled with emotions.

Ye Qingyu had a faint smile. He gave a glance to the Song Qingluo with a lowered head by the side, and said with clasped hands, "You are being courteous. Me and junior sister Song were once classmates, so I naturally could not stand and watch. Furthermore, this matter was largely due to the Dugu young masters who helped. I was largely busy with military matters, so I could not pay a visit. By the time I was free, I had already received news that you had brought junior sister Song to Deer City. Please forgive me for not paying you a visit in Youyan Pass."

"You are being too polite." Seeing that Ye Qingyu had such an attitude, Song Jiannan was overjoyed. He quickly said, "You have already helped the Song family too much, I really cannot express my gratitude. This is a small present, you must accept..."

Ye Qingyu waved his hands. "You are being too courteous. If you have any troubles, you can find me at any time. But I cannot accept any gifts, please take it back."

Song Jiannan hesitated, but seeing that Ye Qingyu had made up his mind, he felt somewhat regretful but could not insist anymore.

If the large majority of people in Deer City were all abuzz because of the tales and his position of Marquis, and felt fear and respect towards this newly rising star of the military, Song Jiannan was the person who truly saw the terrifying scene of Ye Qingyu slaughtering all parties within Proud Sky Center.

Those who had not seen the scene of the Proud Sky Center, those who had not witnessed his icy mercilessness on the Water Ray Arena, would not understand. At that moment, he had decided the life and death of Li Qiushui and the other geniuses with just one of his words. Song Jiannan came from a merchant background and had always believed in the power of his relationships and contacts, so he had never realized that a person's strength could be terrifying to such a degree. Only those who were at Youyan Pass would truly know just what sort of position Ye Qingyu occupied in the hearts of the Youyan army. Only they would truly comprehend, just what sort of weight [The Leaf of Youyan] had within the martial world.

Song Jiannan had deep respect for Ye Qingyu.

He knew deeply that this young third class military Marquis was not as amiable as what he showed. There was a powerful surge of pride and self confidence within his bones. Once someone went passed any of his bottom lines, he would counterattack like a thunderous enraged storm.

"Since you have come, please come in and have a drink." Ye Qingyu smiled. "Junior sister Qingluo, you also have a seat. I've heard that you've withdrawn from the academy, this is too great a pity. Today, Headmaster Kong is also here. Why don't you have a discussion with Headmaster Kong. Perhaps you can recover your academic identity, and return to the academy to cultivate and practice. Don't divert your attention to common affairs and waste your talent.

Song Qingluo was deeply moved as she looked gratefully at Ye Qingyu.

Ever since leaving Youyan Pass, Song Qingluo had yearned for the martial path.

Seeing his father, a mercantile genius, hitting wall upon wall in Youyan Pass, seeing the power of those martial geniuses, Song Qingluo did not even have the slightest of desire towards the business of the family anymore. But it was not that simple to return to White Deer Academy. There had never been a precedent to return to the academy after you had been withdrawn.

Hon Kong smiled.

He knew what Ye Qingyu wanted, and cooperated with him. "Marquis Ye is right; why don't you return, Qingluo. Since even Marquis has spoken, it's very easy to reinstate your academic position. Come find me at the academy tomorrow.”

Song Qingluo was overjoyed. "Thank you, Headmaster.”

Song Jiannan also had a delighted face. "Thank you, Headmaster Kong."

"You have thanked the wrong person." Hon Kong gave a glance to Ye Qingyu. "Since the Marquis has spoken, how can a tiny little Headmaster like me refuse. if you want to thank someone, thank the Marquis.”

"As long as you speak well, you can remain here and eat dinner." Ye Qingyu said, both angrily and laughingly.

At this time, there were servants who brought over extra chopsticks, chairs and bowls.

Song Jiannan disguised his excitement as he and his daughter sat at the table.

In the entire Deer City today, just how many people could eat at the same table as Marquis Ye? if this matter was spread out, just who would dare look down upon the Song family within the city? Those who had once made things difficult for the Song family, would instantly turn back and try to repair their relationship. Even if the people of the Dugu Organization did not provide aid, the danger of the Song family would be completely solved.

Seeing his daughter next to him, Song Jiannan’s heart was moved.

Could it be that Marquis Ye liked his own daughter?

Previously, Song Jiannan already had such a thought within Youyan Pass. But seeing how Ye Qingyu did not express anything at that time, Song Jiannan felt that perhaps it was really their classmate relationship that made Ye Qingyu provide some aid. But from the situation right now, Marquis Ye seemed to place great attention on Song Qingluo...

If his daughter was able to marry Marquis Ye, then...

As he thought to here, Song Jiannan's heart could not help but fiercely beat.

He came from a merchant background, so the thing he was most skilled at was conversing, knowing someone else thoughts and cultivating the atmosphere. The conversation on the table quickly became lively with everyone in the courtyard laughing and talking.

After Qin Lan talked for a while, she brought Little Grass and the other female servants away from the table.

Song Qingluo always felt somewhat constricted and uneasy while sitting at the table, her head lowering and not speaking. Ye Qingyu said something with a smile to Tang San, and after a while Little Grass and Qing Qing came over, dragging Song Qingluo to play and talk. Song Qingluo carefully rose and left the table, going to play with the two little girls.

Song Jiannan had been in business within the city for many years. Therefore, he knew everything about the people within Deer City, and the interesting stories that recently occurred like the back of his hands. He was also an exceedingly clever person, and knew very well what he should say and not say. He caused someone to feel very comfortable. Furthermore he was one of the major forces within the city, and could be counted as someone with status. Very quickly, he was immersed within the social gathering.

He seemed to be very satisfied with such a result.

When they spoke, someone came from the outside to give a report.

The old guard, with a breath smelling somewhat of alcohol, reported that the Western and Eastern military leaders of the city had asked to see him and was currently waiting outside the door.

Song Jiannan was shocked as he heard this.

These two great persons, were true tyrant class existences within Deer City.

To ask to see Ye Qingyu so late, the meaning within such a request was clear. Most likely they wanted to be placed under the wing of Marquis Ye, and this was a prime opportunity to establish a faction within Deer City. Furthermore, there was true power within the hands of these two military commanders. It was not something a normal noble could be compared to. This was absolutely a key opportunity.

Song Jiannan became excited for Ye Qingyu.

But----

"The day is late already, I will not receive guests. Tell them to return."

Ye Qingyu calmly waved his hands.

The old servant gave an acknowledging sound, and turned around to give his reply.

"I did not think that some people would be so impatient so quickly." Hon Kong smiled. "But it's only that, their appearances are somewhat unsightly. If the wind is blowing, there will be waves. Little Ye, you must be careful. There are already people digging holes, waiting for you to jump into it!”

"Peh, two tiny little military commanders. Are they fit?" Wen Wan spat out a bone from his mouth, laughing with disdain. "The little fish and prawns of Deer City want to fall under Little Ye's wings. Haha, they've really overestimated themselves.“

"Woof, woof, yummy!" Little Nine also agreed.

Next to the silly dog was a bowl filled with alcohol. Little Silver was already submerged within. As he heard this, he waved his tail in agreement

Song Jiannan was shocked and stunned by the side.

He would not even see the military commanders?

With shock, he suddenly realized something.

Cold sweat began to drip from his forehead.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 295:


Song Jiannan suddenly realized he had made a mistake.

The people that conversed with him, that seemed extremely amiable to him, were people of a different world entirely. He had immersed himself into the group to such an extent, that he had nearly forgotten his identity - he was utterly different from these people. As the head of the Qingluo Merchant Company, he could be counted as an important person within Deer City, but in front of these people... he was nothing.

"I seemed... to have somewhat lost my sense of measure."

Song Jiannan sighed in his heart.

Afterwards, he became much more careful with his words.

Song Jiannan believed he received such treatment today because Ye Qingyu liked his daughter, Song Qingluo. Therefore, he intentionally brought the topic of conversation on the matter of Song Qingluo, wanting to grasp this opportunity.

But how could he have guessed that the reason why Ye Qingyu was so courteous towards him, and even secretly told the people of the Dugu Organization to look after the Qingluo Merchant Company, was all because of Song Xiaojun.

Song Xiaojun had already completely changed and had no relation to the Song family, but in the end Song Jiannan was still Song Xiaojun’s elder. The Song family had once raised Song Xiaojun. Just through this debt alone, Ye Qingyu naturally had to look after the Song family.

After a while, the old servant once again came to report that there were nobles within the city that came to pay their respects in the night. It was the new registrar of the City, Liu Minjun.

Ever since Liu Yuancheng had mysteriously disappeared, the position of the registrar had been left vacant for half a year. It had incited much conflict between the nobles of the city. Afterwards, the people of the Liu family, that is Liu Minjun, became the new registrar. Within Deer City, he could be counted as someone with power.

"I'm not seeing him!"

Ye Qingyu declined without the slightest of hesitation.

What followed after were major and minor nobles, all coming to the Ye household, asking to see him. However, they were all rejected by Ye Qingyu. There were some that had even brought gifts but no matter what sort of strange treasure it was, it was all sent back.

Song Jiannan was stunned as he saw this.

Ye Qingyu's firm attitude made him dumbfounded.

But how could he have known that when they were in Youyan Pass, all these nobles holding military power were all swept away by the broomstick of Mother Wu.

Two hours later.

The evening gathering had reached it's end.

Hon Kong rose to leave.

Song Jiannan, seeing that the time was about right, also called his daughter over to leave.

At this time, the old servant came again.

"What? There's another noble asking to see me." Ye Qingyu smiled. "Are you not tired running back and forth? Go back and rest, just shut the door and sleep. Our Ye household is different from the past. You sometimes don't have to pay attention to anyone, haha!"

"Young master you joke, how would I dare." The old man smiled.

He was currently seventy or so years old. He could be counted as in his later years, without child and was all alone. The only hobby he had was drinking. He was old, and his body was not what it once was. Looking after the entrance was his chosen job, and it was somewhat leisurely.

"This time, the person wanting to see you, is not a noble of the city. It's a girl called Jiang Xiaohan. I've seen her waiting for two or so hours. She’s been standing under the willow tree by the door without daring to knock, looking somewhat pitiful. She said that she is an old friend, so I came here to relay the message," Uncle Jiao said with a smile.

Oh?

Jiang Xiaohan?

So it was her.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Some matters began to float in his heart.

Song Qingluo's heart also faintly trembled after hearing such news.

"Could I please trouble Uncle Jiao to tell her, the matters of the past cannot be chased back. Tell her to go, and don't ever come to the Ye household again!" Ye Qingyu seemed to have made his final decision.“

Old man Jiao nodded his understanding.

After a short while.

Hon Kong gave a smiling glance to Ye Qingyu, then turned to leave.

Ye Qingyu saw the others off at the door, and then departed.

Standing at the entrance of the Ye household, he looked at the Deer City under the moonlight. On the surface, everything seemed calm and peaceful, but in reality, currents were running underneath the surface. The display of City Lord Qin seemed exceedingly normal, but Ye Qingyu long knew that Qin Ying was someone belonging to the Right Minister. It was impossible for him to have a good relation with him.

Ever since he had arrived at Youyan Pass and killed the [Five Poisons Gongzi] as well as the [Poison King], Ye Qingyu was fated to have enmity between him and the Right Minister of the Empire, this humongous figure. With the way that the Right Minister did things, it was likely there was no way of ever fixing their relationship.

Of course, the most important thing was, Ye Qingyu did not want to have any relation with the Right Minister.

After silently standing at the doorway, Ye Qingyu turned to give a glance at the weeping willow. Under the moonlight, it was as if there was a light moving in his eyes.

Ye Qingyu knew who it was.

With a light sigh in his heart, Ye Qingyu turned to enter the household without turning back.

……

……

The moonlight deepened.

City Lord's Residence.

The four military leaders were responsible for looking after the four areas of Deer City, with the City Lord's Residence at the very center. On the most central and flat four main roads of Deer City was namely situated the four doors of the City Lord's Residence.

As the center of power of Deer City for the last few decades, the City Lord's Residence represented authority, power, mystery and nobility in the eyes of everyone.

It was nearly midnight.

The Qin Ying who had gotten rid of his martial attire, stood at the large entrance to the stone pavilion library. He looked at the shadow of the tree under the moonlight, and the shadows of the trees that swirled along with the wind. In his half closed eyes, it was as if the splendour of the room was moving about in the slender depths of his eyes.

As the huge figure who had controlled Deer City for thirty years, Qin Ying's authority had never been doubted within the city. He controlled the fate of countless lifeforms within the city. In these years, no matter how the nobility fought amongst each other, he was already the character of the judge. His word was like the law and no one had ever dared to disobey him.

But from today onwards, matters had begun to change.

Qin Ying clearly knew that Deer City was about to change.

Qin Ying knew better than anyone the importance of a third class military Marquis of the Empire.

That was why he could not help but bring the nobles of the city to receive Ye Qingyu outside.

From today onwards, no matter how he, Qin Ying, tried to protect his power, ultimately a place had appeared in Deer City that the power of the City Lord did not reach. The Ye residence was like a thorn, piercing deeply into Qin Ying's heart, that he had no way of plucking off.

The flutter of wings!

The sound of the blue eyed demonic pigeon's wings sounded.

After a while, there followed footstep.

"Lord, we have already investigated the people who went during the night to pay a visit to the Ye household."

A lean and tall middle-aged man looking like a strategist walked out from the library.

He had a lean face, but his expression was in the shade and could not clearly be seen. His dark green brocaded clothing was like theer was dim light glowing through it. On his left shoulder, there was a dark-coloured, blue eyed demonic bird on it, and he held a thin book on his right hand. He respectfully handed this booklet over.

The middle-aged man was namely the new Registrar of Deer City, Liu Minjun.

Liu Yuancheng was originally one of the right arms of Qin Ying, and the Liu family and the Qin family had tight connections. Losing Liu Yuancheng was equivalent to losing one of Qin Ying's arms. HIs new choice naturally had to be from within the Liu family. Only then could he protect their common interest.

Especially notable was that after Liu Minjun took over the position of registrar, he did matters excellently, causing Qin Ying to regard him highly. He used him even more than Liu Yuancheng and was exceedingly satisfied with him.

Qin Ying casually flicked through it, tossing the booklet aside.

"This cannot represent anything. Ye Qingyu''s momentum is too great, everyone wants to hide under his wings for a bit. This is within reason. Burn this booklet. There's not too much point in pursuing things further. It will only incite fear... Do you understand what I mean?"

Liu Minjun nodded his head. "Rest assured, I know what to do."

"Ye Qingyu is not giving face to anyone. Only Hon Kong and Song Jiannan were allowed to his private feast. What do you feel about this matter?" Qin Ying had both his hands clasped behind his back as he said calmly.

"Hon Kong and Ye Qingyu are long friends. When Ye Qingyu was at White Deer Academy, Hon Kong had personally given him guidance. Afterwards, when Hon Kong became the Headmaster of White Deer Academy, he has taken care of the entire Ye Household. It is within reason that he would be able to attend. I have already carefully investigated Ye Qingyu, he is a person that remembers old debts," Liu Minjun said, his expression masked by the shadow. "As for Song Jiannan... there are people that say Ye Qingyu has feelings for the daughter of Song Jiannan, Song Qingluo. But according to my investigation, the person that Ye Qingyu was close to while he was at White Deer Academy was really the girl born out of wedlock of the Song family, Song Qingluo...”

"Song Xiaojun?" Qin Ying was taken aback. "That... demonic girl of the Unmoving City of Darkness?"

"Yes," Liu Minjun nodded his head.

Qin Ying stood where he was, remaining silent for a while. "I know now.... that's right, call Wushuang over. I have matters I need to speak to him."

Liu Minjun gave his reply, turning to leave.

After a while, the young master of the City Lord's Residence Qin Wushuang came to the study.

……

……

The following days, the Ye household was still the focal point of Deer City.

All the topics of conversation in the city had something to do with Ye Qingyu.

The storytellers in all of the liquor stores and inns, all described the incident of the martial alliance meeting at Proud Sky Center. No matter how many times the customers heard this story, they would still enjoy it. Countless young people and martial artists began emulating the dress of Ye Qingyu. Especially the silver hair pin at their heads, had countless followers

Tang San saw the opportunity and ordered the Ye commercial holdings to quickly make silver hairpins. After doing this, when it was placed on the shelves, it completely disappeared.

Hon Kong had invited Ye Qingyu to teach at White Deer Academy several times, but he had declined. His martial cultivation path was not suitable for everyone. That's why he did not go and lecture. He was worried about misleading others.

Those who were once his classmates all came to visit Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not decline them, greeting them warmly.

According to Ye Qingyu’s original plan, he would stay for ten or so days within Deer City, then he would begin his journey. First, he would bring the corpses of the sentries back to their homelands. Only after that would he head off to report to Snow Capital.

But on the ninth day, something happened that completely disturbed Ye Qingyu's arrangements.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 296:


“What? Demonic Beasts have been discovered? And the Western Military Leader Qian Yuan died in battle?"

Ye Qingyu was incomparably shocked.

"Thats right. All four gates of the city have already been locked shut early in the morning. It is said that in the wilderness of the mountains, there are already signs of a demonic beast tide forming. The Western Military Leader Qian Yuan went to the mountains to investigate. However, during midday, one of his personal guards came back and said they encountered demonic beasts in the western mountains. Military Leader Qian Yuan died in battle!" Tang San had a completely serious face. "News of this has already started spreading throughout the city. Right now people are in an anxious, panicked state. Everyone is remembering the demonic beast horde five years ago that nearly completely destroyed Deer City."

The demonic beast horde five years ago had become the nightmare of the people in Deer City.

It was also Ye Qingyu's nightmare.

Because his parents had died in the battle to protect them against the demonic beast horde.

At that time, the demonic beast tide came exceedingly strangely.

The area fifty miles or so surrounding Deer City was the outer areas of the Deer Mountain Range. The terrain was much flatter, and there was lush greenery. Because it was close to Deer City, it was named the Deer Mountain Range.

Although Deer Mountain could somewhat be called as a towering mountain with precipitous ridges, it was absolutely not a dangerous area at all. There would often be merchant groups, escort companies and explorer parties that entered into the mountain range to kill demonic beasts, harvest Spirit herbs, and explore and obtain the natural resources. It could be called one of the hunting areas that was within the region of Deer City.

Within Deer Mountain, there had never been the existence of a demonic beast horde of such a scale.

But five years ago, in the time of just one night, there was an inexplicable and countless demonic beast horde that rushed out like a tsunami from the Deer Mountain Range. It was said that if you looked out from the perspective of the city walls, you would see all sorts and types of demonic beasts rushing out like a flood, completely shrouding the skies. It had completely enveloped Deer City.

The civilian army had fought and defended for ten days and ten nights, expending all their resources and taking heavy losses in the process.

When the city was about to be broken, the demonic beast horde had inexplicably retreated.

It was like the retreat of a tsunami. In less than a moment's time, the demonic beast tide that was madly besieging the city and killing everything, completely retreated. It was as if there was some sort of power controlling them. There was not even the slightest of hesitation at all in their retreat.

Afterwards, the army of Snow Empire as well as many sects investigated the reason behind this demonic beast horde.

But they were unable to find any clues whatsoever.

There was nothing strange at all within Deer Mountain.

The millions of demonic beasts that retreated was like thin snow on a scorching day. They completely disappeared in the air. They left no trace behind and just inexplicably vanished.

One must know that a demonic beast was a lifeform that was extremely low in level within the Demon Race. Their level of intelligence was between wild beasts and intelligent lifeforms. They possessed a certain power naturally, and had the ability to kill, but generally speaking, they had extremely low intelligence. Apart from being suppressed by demonic beasts with higher bloodlines, when demonic beasts met other species of beasts, they would attack each other. They would definitely not cooperate with each other; they were a type of race that could only bring destruction.

Therefore in theory, such demonic beasts could not launch such a strange offense.

It was impossible for them to suddenly appear, then disappear again.

Only an intelligent lifeform army, like the Human Race or the army of the Demon Race, could join up and form such an offence.

Furthermore, there was not any reason, cause or prior signs to them appearing and disappearing.

This matter had always remained a mystery.

But even after a long time passed, there was still no one who could find out any clue. And since the demonic beasts did not appear again, people gradually grew less and less concerned.

The army did not bring this topic up again.

In these years, there were continuously merchant groups, explorers, hunters and such entering Deer Mountain. But they did not encounter any large scale demonic beast horde, and did not have too great a loss. It seemed that everything had returned to normal.

But who would have thought there would be signs of a demonic beast horde after five years.

Even Qian Yuan had died in battle.

Ye Qingyu had seen the power of this Western Military Leader. At the beginning, he had joined forces with Chen Jiuxing to attack the female sword immortal Wang Jianru, but completely lost. But the strength he demonstrated was at least above the twenty Spirit springs level. He could be counted as a top level expert within Deer City.

With Qian Yuan's strength, to head for and investigate the strange incident, he did not go to do battle, but in the end, he could not even escape with his life and died within Deer Mountain?

Could it be that the strange matter five years ago was about to descend upon Deer City once again?

Countless questions flitted past Ye Qingyu's heart.

As they spoke, there was the panicked sound of the alarm outside. The chaotic yuan bell outside the entrance of the main City Lord's Residence began ringing, sounding out nine times. What followed after was the alarm of the White Deer Academy. It also let out nine rapid rings.

Then all the alarm bells within the residences of the military leaders sounded out at the same time, all nine times.

“The bells are all sounding out nine times!”

Tang San’s expression paled.

He was a person who had experienced the terrifying disaster five years ago. At that time, he was not even eleven. Because he was a servant, when the matter was at it's most desperate, he was given a sword and armour, and also went up the city walls of Deer City to fight. He was able to witness the terrifying scene of the demonic beast horde shrouding the sky and sun.

Within Tang San's memories, the sound of the bells ringing in Deer City was exactly the same as the beginning of the demonic beast horde. It was namely the City Lord's Residence, White Deer Academy as well as the bells of the residences of the four main military leaders sounding out at the same time.

Ye Qingyu's expression also changed.

Everything Tang San remembered was also deeply imprinted into his mind.

The apocalyptic event five years ago was something that everyone would recall within Deer City.

"You stay within the household and look after everyone. Close the doors to the residence and don't let anyone in." Before Ye Qingyu had even finished his words, he had turned into a ray of light that shot into the sky, heading towards the direction of the western gate.

Tang San did not dare tarry, and began arranging matters.

……

Xiu!

Ye Qingyu's figure landed above the entrance to the western city gates.

"Who is it?"

"Ah, it's Marquis Ye!“

"We pay our respects to the Marquis!"

There was the nervous and tense greetings from the soldiers above the gate.

"It's fine. What's the situation?" Ye Qingyu said this as he looked outside the gate.

"The warning from the frontlines say that there is a large quantity of demonic beasts that are appearing within Deer Mountain. It is forming a flood, and is nearing the city. It's most likely... the disaster that happened five years ago is about to descend again," a middle aged officer wearing a battle robe said, his voice somewhat weak.

The first reaction of anyone when they heard the words demonic beast horde, was that their minds would be drawn to the matter five years ago.

Boom!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Vast auras, began appearing from all directions within Deer City.

Light after light shot into the sky, causing the earth of the entire Deer City to shake. It was as if there was a terrifying energy that was about to break through the earth. Amber lights broke through the sky. Above Deer City, there were lines after lines of light like a net that completely enshrouded Deer City.

Then they saw an amber light barrier like coloured glass, protecting the city within it.

[Million Knots of Earth and Glass], the formation array.

This formation array that was concealed below the city, was said to have connected with the veins of the Earth. Normally, it would be in a slumbering state and would absorb the energy floating within the world constantly. When it was activated, it could protect the entire city within, able to defend against all external attacks. It was one of strongest lines of defence of Deer City.

The last time Ye Qingyu saw this formation was when the whole city had come out to capture the female sword immortal, Wang Jianru as well as Song Xiaojun.

The formation had appeared once again.

Under the shine of the pale yellow light, the entire huge city was enveloped under such a strange light. It seemed only this type of light could give the lifeforms in the city a sense of security.

Very quickly, on the horizon, there was a great number of panicked figures.

In these years of peace, there were some villages and houses that were constructed outside the city walls. There was a small number of people that lived outside the city. When they heard the rumours of demonic beasts appearing, they instantly panicked. They could not help but madly flee towards the city. Apart from civilians, there were also merchant groups, explorer groups and martial artists. They all madly fled for their lives.

From far off, a dust cloud shot to the skies.

The earth began to shake.

Ye Qingyu's vision was exceedingly good. He could already see an endless demonic beast horde arriving like a flood from far off, roaring and howling. It's speed was extremely rapid. Everywhere it went, the skies fell and the earth collapsed. Everything was being destroyed.

This was a demonic beast horde.

This was only the forefront of the demonic beast horde, but its power was already frightening.

Light flickered.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

Wen Wan and Hon Kong, as well as the other experts of the city, appeared on the city walls.

The expression of the two was somewhat grim. Seeing Ye Qingyu there, they gave a greeting, then the two exchanged a glance. There was a strange light flashing in their eyes, but they did not say anything.

Following after, the City Lord Qin Ying as well as the other three military leaders also appeared.

The demonic beast horde rose from the west. The western city gate would therefore become the point at which defences would be heavily focused and gathered.

"Close the city doors."

There was a compassionate expression that flickered in Qin Ying eyes as he said such words.

"But... Lord, the people outside have not entered yet. What should we do?" an officer urgently enquired.

"Close the gates. The demonic beast horde is in front of us. If we don't, everything is finished. We must think of the greater good. Close the city gates, activate the formation array..." Qin Ying bit his teeth. "As the City Lord, I must choose to protect the greater number of civilians!”

From far away.

The roar and cries of the beasts sounded.

Heaven and Earth shook under the rampage of the demonic beast horde.

Those people running in a panic were like ants under a gigantic wave. Their speed was frightfully slow. One could only watch as they were engulfed by that terrifying beast horde. The roars and cries shook the heavens as they fell in despair, some hugging their children and wives as they hopelessly screamed and cried....

These people numbered in the thousands.

But compared to the vast beast horde, it was pitifully small.

The city gates of Deer City was two layered. The first layer was easily opened and closed, and would normally be open at dawn and closed at night. It was to guard against normal danger. The next layer was made and casted out of heavy steel, with formation arrays inscribedon it. It was hard to open and shut, and would waste a lot of time to operate. Normally, it would be in a openedstate that would only close at a crucial moment. Once it was shut, the entire city could be called impenetrable. It was impossible to break through in a short period of time.

Qin Ying told them to close the city gates, he naturally meant the gates of the second layer of defence.

Once the city gates were closed, the thousand or so people would definitely die.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

