Chapter 869:


Chapter 886 - The Final Gift


As he was being gazed at by this enormous dragon, Ye Qingyu felt as though a magnificent and uncontrollable force had locked on to him. The force field of Saint realm laws around him indistinctly felt like it was on the verge of collapse. This astonished him and caused him to involuntarily draw back even more, such that he stepped back a total of nearly six hundred meters before he could steady himself.

"Human?"

A vicissitudinous and ancient accent rang out in the space.

Cyclones formed in succession as the giant dragon opened its mouth and breathed, raising up an immeasurable amount of orange lava. This was a natural, rather than a deliberate, emission of its breath. Perhaps because it had just woken up from a deep slumber, the ancient True Dragon was not in full control of its power.

Moreover, the ancient accent that was uttered from its mouth was unclear and strange. Most people would not have been able to understand it at all, and would even have taken it to be nothing but a series of meaningless roars. As luck would have it, however, Ye Qingyu had spent some time carefully studying ancient writings and languages, and was thus able to discern that the word "human" had been uttered, mixed with a kind of uncertainty and surprise.

Subsequently, the giant dragon spoke again without waiting for Ye Qingyu to reply.

"You aren't a disciple of the Sky Dragon Sect? Who are you?" The same obscure accent was uttered from the giant dragon's mouth in a manner that was close to roaring. Ye Qingyu was able to perceive the deep uncertainty in its words.

For some time, he did not know how to reply.

Knowing that it did not bear much malice, he said after a pause, "I'm Ye Qingyu of the Heaven Wasteland Domain..."

Before he finished speaking, the massive dragon body made a slight movement as if it wanted to rise up, but it eventually only budged a little and caused the lava ocean to churn, while its breath became heavy. Appearing extremely exhausted, it said, "Which year is it according to the Divine Dragon calendar now... No, why... am I sensing the wails of living things, the aura of death, and the portents of domain destruction... What... is going on, and what happened?"

It was apparently in extreme shock.

Intent on rising up, its massive body struggled once more, but remained unable to as before.

"My power has declined too severely, why is that..." As it gasped strenuously, a storm formed and the elemental forces in the space became disordered, creating a scene akin to an extremely terrifying chaotic windstorm. Its expression seemed to be one of extreme confusion when it looked again at Ye Qingyu.

"Human, what exactly happened?" It asked pantingly.

Ye Qingyu could distinctly feel that the aura of this massive creature had reached its absolute weakest. But of course, this was relative to its massive body and legendary race. It apparently did not know what had happened in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, nor that the Black Snake Demon had set up an array to devour its power.

After a brief pause, Ye Qingyu released a streak of divine consciousness which contained an account of everything that happened in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

The giant dragon received this streak of divine consciousness.

After a good while.

"This day was inevitable, eh?"

It seemed to have finally digested everything that took place in this domain, and muttered to itself in a tone which contained indescribable bleakness and loneliness and a faint despair. Nevertheless, it did not appear overly shocked.

Judging from its tone, it seemed to know a few things.

A sort of deep sadness filled the Void.

Even at a distance, Ye Qingyu was infected by these kind of sentiments, and his mood inexplicably lowered.

But he quickly realized that this was not right, and immediately operated the nameless breathing technique to guard his mental state. It took a bout of sharp pain from biting the tip of his own tongue for him to become completely clear-headed and shake off the sad emotions.

"That's scary, it's indeed proving to be an ancient creature. To think its emotions can actually infect and disturb a Saint."

A certain degree of astonishment involuntarily arose in his heart.

Unexpectedly, the giant dragon's highly-natural mood swings were comparable to many psychological tricks, such that he nearly fell prey to them. Even in its weakest state, it proved that a True Dragon was indeed a kind of ancient creature which was in the same class as fiendgods. Had it been at the peak of its powers, perhaps he would have instantly become completely lost and confused in such a sorrowful atmosphere.

He took continuous steps backward.

Below him.

"I was ultimately unable to wait until
that
day. I've disappointed you, father..." The giant dragon sighed, steeped in grief. "I'd never thought that monster would reappear. I was too careless and actually allowed such a little monster to plot against me... A new reincarnation is about to begin. Who will come to hold up the sky this time?"

The giant dragon murmured to itself.

It seemed to have forgone the plans to stand up, and instead coiled quietly where it was.

Ye Qingyu, too, did not know what else to say.

Should I leave now?

Or...

He could not make up his mind.

Just then, the giant dragon lifted its head slightly and looked at Ye Qingyu again. After sizing him up, it asked with some uncertainty, "Human, you aren't a disciple of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, yet I can sense a familiar aura on you... Why is that so? Is that... a True Dragon aura? How's that possible?"

Ye Qingyu was taken slightly aback.

A dragon aura?

"Is it because of the [Dragonblood Halberd]? Perhaps, being an ancestral weapon of the Dragon Human Race, it has a tinge of True Dragon aura?"
Believing this to be the case, Ye Qingyu offered an explanation.

"No, that can't be, the Dragon Human Race? I know about them, but they are certainly not True Dragon ... You're just a normal human, how can you..." The giant dragon appeared rather disdainful while talking about the Dragon Human Race. The gleam in its eyes grew ever brighter as it looked at Ye Qingyu with a great deal of doubt yet also some excitement.

Ye Qingyu's heart jolted when he heard its words.

The only other plausible explanation as to why he would have an aura related to the Dragon Race was the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] technique, which allowed him to transform into a dragon.

After a brief hesitation, Ye Qingyu verbalized this conjecture.

"[True Will of the Sky Dragon]?" The giant dragon was astounded. "Who imparted such a technique to you? This is incredible, can you... demonstrate it?"

Ye Qingyu nodded and began to operate the [True Will of the Sky Dragon]. The next instant, he turned into a kilometer-long silver-colored Sky Dragon and hovered in the Void, emanating bouts of dragon might. But certainly, his body and vigor could not be compared to those of the giant dragon which was several dozen kilometers in length below.

The giant dragon was amazed.

"Sky Dragon... this is genuine Sky Dragon aura... Who would've thought that there would be such a brilliant technique in this universe?" It gawked at the dragon-form Ye Qingyu, finding it hard to believe this all. Only a long while later did it seem to think of something, becoming even more shocked. "My father once mentioned that there indeed existed such a supreme technique, but that it was the secret technique of a certain sect and was never shared with outsiders. As time went by, that frightening sect was said to have perished, so why..."

As if it had thought of something terrifying, it dared not speak further.

In the Void, Ye Qingyu reverted to a human look.

The giant dragon stared at him as if it had discovered something else. "Hmm, your body also has a True Phoenix aura, albeit a very weak one... You seem to have cultivated True Phoenix power... eh? You've attained nirvana before? Have you really? How's that possible... who exactly are you? It shouldn't be possible to possess both a True Phoenix and a True Dragon aura at the same time... Are you actually a person with no fate? What... kind of monster are you?"

Ye Qingyu was terribly astounded upon hearing this.

That the giant dragon was able to discern all this showed that its vision and perception were exceedingly frightening. It was even able to detect the Phoenix power which Ye Qingyu had completely refined and expended when he was seeking to attain the Saint realm.

What he did not know was that the Dragon Race had all along possessed an exceedingly keen perception of the Phoenix Race's aura. This was an innate instinct which was not really related to how strong they were.

The giant dragon muttered to itself, its expression appearing worked up like never before.

It looked at Ye Qingyu with fiercely blazing eyes.

Then, it suddenly laughed wildly.

"Hahaha, this must be the will of Heaven for such an opportunity to be offered right up to me. Although I don't have long to live, the bloodline and will of my race can be carried on using this human's body. No wonder... haha, no wonder such a fateless monster, which is actually a human who possesses the True Dragon and True Phoenix aura, would come. This reminds me of that ancient prophecy... Perhaps this is my only opportunity in such dark times, hahaha, I... will be able to die with no regrets."

It laughed derangedly.

As he listened to its soliloquy, Ye Qingyu vaguely perceived a few things.

But before he could respond, the giant dragon below suddenly stopped laughing. The scales on its massive body began to burn brilliantly as incomparably-mysterious and densely-packed Dragon Race formation patterns flickered on its surface. A divine True Dragon aura filled the entire Void, as if sealing the space. Ye Qingyu became frozen in mid-air and could not move no matter how much force he exerted. Similarly, the Saint realm power of laws was frozen and could not be activated.

This was an extremely terrifying magical ability.

A divine and deathly aura circulated throughout the space.

The flames on the dragon's body grew ever fierier until the power of the dazzling red radiance reached an incredible level. The several-dozen-kilometers-long dragon body burned endlessly as its scales turned into ashes and broke off, revealing the dragon bones beneath...

This process was a highly mind-blowing sight.

Like burnt firewood, the dragon body shrivelled at a visible speed, before its bones, skin, and scales dispersed into ashes...

Only the mysterious blood-red True Dragon formation patterns did not disperse for a long time after being burned. Circulating and flickering in a dense arrangement, they vividly formed an outline of the dragon's body where it had been...

"This is..."

Ye Qingyu was astounded by the scene before him and did not know what the dragon was intending to do.

"Haha, human, with your unique fatelessness, you shall take over the bloodline and power of the last True Dragon King. Although my body and spirit will disperse, the bloodline and glory of the True Dragon King shall be carried on according to your will. Hahaha, it would be the most sonorous music to the ears of the True Dragon Race if you really are able to break and destroy the cycle of life and death."

The voice of the giant dragon was excited like never before.

It sounded like that of a fanatical religious believer who had lost all reason.

The burning flames crept across its body until only its head, which was several kilometers in length, was left. As it raised its head, a few mysterious, profound, and obscure syllables were uttered from its mouth, sounding like the closing words of some ancient scripture.

Subsequently, the dragon's head turned completely into ashes, even before the echoes of these profound syllables had died out.

During that moment, Ye Qingyu knew for sure that he would forever remember the strange expression in the eyes of the giant dragon before its head vanished - a mix of relief and expectation, and more so of having tried something crazy.

The dragon's body dissipated completely among the flames.

Leaving behind the True Dragon formation patterns which were flickering wildly and densely on the body's surface.

These True Dragon patterns, which flickered with a strange splendor, not only did not vanish along with the incinerated body, but even became brighter than before. As they flickered within the orange lava, they indistinctly formed an outline of the massive dragon body, like a painter creating a simple sketch.

Similarly, the mysterious and divine power in the Void not only did not disappear but even became more distinct and overbearing.

During the moment when the echoes of the syllables finally died out, the True Dragon patterns suddenly seemed to come alive and swarmed toward Ye Qingyu like newborn swallows returning to their nests.

The sky full of True Dragon patterns instantly formed what seemed like a flowing blood river.

The first streak of True Dragon patterns hit Ye Qingyu's body.

Chi!

A strange noise rang out.

Ye Qingyu felt a hard-to-describe pain. As they pressed on him, the patterns seemed to be branding his body using a fire-heated branding iron. Subsequently, blood-red shapes appeared on his arms.

Chi chi chi!

Strange noises rang out incessantly.

Bouts of sharp pain were continually felt.

The True Dragon formation patterns successively appeared all over the surface of Ye Qingyu's body, on his arms, palms, chest, abs, thighs, legs... and even his face. Differing from one another, these patterns densely superposed until Ye Qingyu's body seemed as if tattoos of all kinds of odd shapes had been etched into his skin.

Because of the massive size of the dragon, it left behind as many True Dragon patterns as there were stars in the Milky Way. They frenziedly branded onto Ye Qingyu's body, inundating him completely.

Besides bringing along a painful feeling, every pattern injected a peculiar power into Ye Qingyu's body as they branded on it.

This process would go on for a full three days and three nights.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 870:


Chapter 887 - Settling the Matter of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain


In the end, Ye Qingyu's body was completely covered by these dense and superposing blood-red True Dragon formations. Every inch of his skin, including that of his eyes, was turned red, as if he had just bathed in a pool of blood.

Furthermore, he could clearly feel that the blood-red formations were not just branded on his skin but had also entered deep into his flesh. While looking inward, he could see that every inch of bone and viscera in his body had been branded with bright-red True Dragon formation prints, such that his body was densely covered with these patterns both outside and in.

He falsely felt as if he would soon drown among these formation prints.

As they branded on his body outside and in, he began to vaguely sense that they were communicating and linking up with one another. The circulation of a strange power among them felt as though flames were refining his body. He had experienced this feeling while cultivating the [Eight Part Divine Formula] in White Deer Academy many years back, and later on when cultivating the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] and blending the chaotic thunder liquid... It was a feeling that was only felt when one's body was being refined, enhanced, and purged of impurities.

The True Dragon formation prints were refining and enhancing his constitution.

He had thought that his refinement had already reached maximum level and could no longer be easily increased, and that there were nearly no impurities in his body. He did not expect layer after layer of black filth to ooze out of his body during this refinement process.

Possessing a scorching power, these dense True Dragon formation prints frenziedly refined his body as though they were divine weapons of refinement.

The process lasted for a full three days and three nights.

On the seventh day, all abnormalities finally died out slowly, while the dazzling red radiance on Ye Qingyu's body also abated gradually.

"So heavy... that was too much."

Ye Qingyu's first feeling after regaining control of his body was an unprecedented heaviness, as though the weight of the entire world had gathered on him. Neither the howling and roaring yuan qi in his body nor even the Saint realm laws were able to prop his body up.

The weight of his body was comparable to that of an ancient divine mountain.

He fell from mid-air and crashed into the orange lava below which was already as shallow as a brook, splashing up a huge fire wave with a loud boom.

"Gosh, how can my body have gotten so heavy!" He immediately realized the reason why he felt "as heavy as a mountain and as firm as Immortal gold" was that his body had been refined close to the legendary Great Perfection realm, which was rare both in ancient and modern times, and was the highest realm attained by the fiendgods. And because he was not yet used to his newly-enhanced constitution, he actually fell from the Void.

He gradually moved about inside the orange lava and stretched his body. Even casually shaking his fist would cause explosions of the flaming lava. It took him a full two hours of feeling the power contained in his muscles before he got used to his body.

"To refine one's body to Great Perfection sounds like something that only exists in legends. I'll now be able to defeat a Great Saint with just my physical strength."

A joyful look showed on his face.

He had never expected this trip to the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain to be so fruitful. The giant dragon that died had called itself the True Dragon King and probably had an extremely impressive origin. Unfortunately, having depleted its vitality, it failed to wait successfully for whatever it was waiting for, and was even plotted against by the Black Snake Demon and eventually perished. Ye Qingyu now somewhat believed what the Black Snake Demon had said, which was that it only lost to him because it used most of its power to deal with the True Dragon King, causing its true life core to be weakened. Had its power not been divided, perhaps he would not have been the one who got the last laugh.

Everything was preordained.

His one regret was not having another chance to talk to the True Dragon King, which might allow him to find out a few things concerning the ancient Fiendgod Age. Unfortunately, the giant dragon had incinerated its own body and transmitted the True Dragon formation prints into Ye Qingyu's body, essentially using its last vestiges of power to help him.

After another two hours.

At last, Ye Qingyu fully adapted to his newly-enhanced body.

The blood-red luster on his body's surface completely faded away, while all of the True Dragon formation prints seemed to fuse with his body and became invisible to the naked eye. Wonderfully enough, every inch of his skin became like transparent jade, such that his bones and viscera could be vaguely seen. Everything, however, reverted to normal the next moment.

"Too long a time has passed. I wonder what the situation outside is like."

After raising his head, he soared into the sky.

...

The interior of the Divine Dragon Palace had practically become a stretch of ruins.

As the palace was being sealed off by a formation, the happenings within were completely unbeknownst to the ordinary disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect outside. Although they were curious why Elder Cang Li, the sect master, and the others had remained for seven days and seven nights inside, none of them dared to enter and investigate without being ordered to.

The person who was truly anxious was Qin Hui.

It had been a long time since Ye Qingyu gave chase into the bottomless cave in the depths of the palace. She was afraid that he was tricked out of carelessness and was plotted against by the new sect master. Every second of time thus felt like torture to her.

Conversely, to her side, Luo Yi could not be any more trusting and reverent of Lord Ye Qingyu's strength and thus his mental state was considerably better than Qin Hui's, albeit he could not avoid feeling a tad impatient.

The two of them were both being protected within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and hence did not have to worry about their own safety. Nevertheless, it would not do for them to keep on waiting like this.

"Sir Luo Yi, Lord Ye Qingyu... should be fine, right?" Qin Hui could not refrain from asking once more.

Luo Yi laughed as he assured her, "He's definitely fine. Had anything happened, he would've summoned the giant cauldron to fight..."

Before he finished speaking.

Buzzz!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] vibrated and moved away from its position above the two. Turning into a wisp of bright-yellow flowing light, it flew toward the depths of the palace. Startled, the two raised their eyes and looked across at it, only to see a figure slowly walking out of the depths. The cauldron shrank to the size of a fist and landed on his hand, where it spun around and around before eventually vanishing.

"Lord Ye Qingyu!"

Qin Hui was overjoyed upon seeing the person's face.

It was none other than Ye Qingyu who was walking out from the space below.

After keeping the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he swept a glance across the mess in the palace and nodded gently at the two, before saying to Qin Hui, "That new sect master is a demon who's good at controlling human hearts and implanting puppets in them. Elder Cang Li and the others were actually being manipulated by him and that's why they would betray your sect. But now, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, everything is over. Swordswoman Qin, the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect will need you to put it back in good order. Ning'er is still young and is some time away from taking over."

Hearing this, Qin Hui understood that the matter had been completely resolved and was thus delighted. At the same time, she was a little sad after learning that Elder Cang Li and his subordinates were being mind-controlled, albeit she quickly felt much easier.

Having finally recovered the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, there were a thousand and one things waiting to be done, many of them terribly complicated.

However, Ye Qingyu could not help Qin Hui with these things.

He did not bother himself with the complicated matters of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, let alone those of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

The trio walked out of the Divine Dragon Palace.

The Ancient Sky Dragon Sect disciples guarding outside became bewildered and doubtful when they did not see Elder Cang Li and his subordinates walking out. Some of the mentally nimbler ones among them were already vaguely aware of something.

Ye Qingyu felt a little emotional as he looked across at the mountains and rivers around the Sky Dragon Mountain. After advancing a few steps, he said, "From this day forth, the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect shall return to legitimate rule. Sun Tian Ning, the grandson of the old sect master, shall become the sect master. Because of his young age, his mother, Qin Hui, shall hold the power of the sect master for the time being. All disciples who were rebellious shall be given a chance to mend their ways, and their misdeeds will be forgiven. However, those who remain rebellious shall be killed!"

Like most speeches given by a Saint, this declaration was thunderous and contained an unmatchable martial dignity.

Ye Qingyu's voice resounded across tens of thousands of kilometers around him, such that every living being within the entire area of the Sky Dragon Mountain and the Ancient Sky Dragon City heard his words and felt the will contained in them. For some time, every being trembled with fear as they knelt on the ground.

Those bewildered and doubtful disciples sensed that pervading the world was a magnificent and uncontrollable force which they absolutely could not withstand. Hence, they dropped all resistance and promptly surrendered.

To the side, Qin Hui cried tears of joy.

She was not interested in acquiring political authority, but it was her dream outcome for the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect to return to legitimate rule and for her son to return to his rightful position.

"Thank you, my kind lord, for giving us a new lease in life." Qin Hui kowtowed together with her son.

Raising his hand, Ye Qingyu used a five-element force to lift the duo up.

"I have here a secret slip for Ning'er. He might find it handy in the future." Ye Qingyu opened his palm to reveal a jade slip. "His martial talents are uncommon, and he can be considered a disciple-in-name of mine. In the future, if his cultivation is successful, I'll be willing to take him in as a disciple. The techniques of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, especially their ingenious aspects, are also worthy of diligent learning."

After he finished speaking, he handed to Tian Ning the master token which Tian Huayu had given him in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, as well as the clue item. It would be left up to the latter to strive for future opportunities.

Hearing this, Qin Hui became overjoyed at once.

Only those people who knew Ye Qingyu's real status and strength would understand what "disciple-in-name" implied. To begin with, she already had a mind to make her son acknowledge Ye Qingyu as his teacher, but was afraid to verbalize this idea. Now, however, her wish was finally fulfilled.

Tian Ning, who was peerlessly clever and intelligent, hurriedly kowtowed.

Ye Qingyu laughed as he turned his sights toward Luo Yi, "Heaven cherishes every life. At present, the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain is crisis-ridden and its environment is in a terrible state. Most of its inhabitants are our fellow humans, and so we cannot simply watch them die here. You shall remain here and open up a Domain Gate to the Heaven Wasteland Domain so that the Human Race of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain can migrate there, which will be up to their own free will and mustn't be forced upon them. The route will also be used to transport support resources here, where no merchant or consortium shall be allowed to profiteer. All other matters shall be left to the empire's officials to handle. Do you understand?"

Luo Yi hurriedly accepted the order.

"Luo Yi shall remain here to assist you, while the Heaven Wasteland Domain will also send people here. He knows the coordinates of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and after he opens the Domain Gate, it should be possible to ease the situation here. However, the decline of an old domain is inevitable, and this domain can only last for another one hundred years at most. It'll be up to you all to decide the course of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect."

Ye Qingyu looked at Qin Hui and spoke in a serious tone.

"Thank you for your kindness, my lord." The latter could not be any more grateful. The words which the former had said to Luo Yi were as good as Imortal manna of regeneration, giving the inhabitants of this nearly-destroyed domain a hope of survival.

This was a great favor.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything else.

With a flash, he vanished on the spot.

Having settled the matter of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, he needed to return to Heaven Connect City.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 871:


Chapter 888 - Revisiting the Trails (1)


After leaving the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, Ye Qingyu decided to return to Heaven Connect City to report to Ren Puyang, and also to report a few discoveries from this process to the Alliance of Domains.

However, he deliberately made a detour on the way back and stopped in Sunrise City.

Previously, when he attacked the Black Moon Immortal Palace's stations in order to rescue the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, Sunrise City provided a great deal of support, and so it was only right for him to express his gratitude to them. Since he happened to be passing by, he decided to go thank the leaders of the city.

Given his present status, he naturally remained unable to meet the mysterious City Lord. However, the person he wanted to meet was Shangguan Wu anyway.

As one of the chief examiners during the Wall of Storm test, the latter provided great help to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. By thanking him, Ye Qingyu could conveniently convey his gratitude to Sunrise City.

Being one of the three elders of the Purple Golden Divine Office's middle court while concurrently serving as the deputy commander of the Purple Golden Divine Guards, Shangguan Wu was said to usually be up before daybreak and to have thousands of matters to attend to every day, such was how busy he was. But when his subordinate reported to him that Ye Qingyu had requested a meeting, he put everything aside and rushed to receive Ye Qingyu as soon as he could.

In the west hall of the Purple Golden Divine Office's middle court.

"Lord Shangguan Wu, I'm deeply grateful for the help that you and the master rendered on multiple occasions for the matter of the Heaven Wasteland Domain grading." Ye Qingyu smiled as he respectfully saluted.

Shangguan Wu had on his usual benign look as he waved his hand, saying, "No need to be courteous, Lord Ye Qingyu. I was just trying to be impartial. What's more, we're all of the Human Race and so I naturally had to do what I can... Haha, Lord Ye Qingyu, you deserve great credit for the Heaven Wasteland Domain's successful grading, while your two battles shook the Road of Chaos and captured everyone's attention. These were what you achieved with your own efforts. Hahaha, I've heard and am delighted that you received great recognition and treatment in Heaven Connect City. Everything points to the fact that you will definitely become the leading powerhouse of the Human Race's young generation. When that time comes, Sunrise City will also share in your glory."

Although Ye Qingyu's topping of the Wall of Storm's List could not be divulged to outsiders, it had astounded Shangguan Wu and made him regard Ye Qingyu with special respect. Furthermore, the strength displayed and battle record achieved by Ye Qingyu on the Road of Chaos caused him to become widely known in a short time. He not only gained the favor and respect of Lord Ren Puyang in the congress divine temple, but also the full support of two super forces and a human Quasi-emperor. Because of these most glorious achievements, he had already become the hottest new star of the Human Race for a thousand years.

"You flatter me, Lord Shangguan Wu." Ye Qingyu saluted once more and presented a few gifts which he had prepared.

Knowing that Shangguan Wu was a disinterested person, he made sure to be careful about the propriety of the gifts. They had to convey his gratitude and goodwill without amounting to bribery. Indeed, after looking through the gift list, Shangguan Wu nodded his head gently and, after a brief hesitation, accepted them.

The two men spent some time chatting in the main hall.

Shangguan Wu gave several bits of advice to Ye Qingyu, who he thought extremely highly of. The latter listened respectfully and became ever more reverent of this incorruptible judge and expert.

Ye Qingyu suddenly changed the topic when they were both inebriated from drink, "Lord Shangguan Wu, there's something else I wanted to ask about. Is the front court supervisor, Lord Huang Tayun, now in Sunrise City?"

Ye Qingyu got right to the point.

During the Black Demon Abyss test, there were many forces and groups which hindered and even sneak attacked him. Although there was no conclusive evidence, Ye Qingyu had vaguely felt that Huang Tayun was involved.

"Lord Huang Tayun?" Shangguan Wu was stunned for a bit but quickly understood what Ye Qingyu meant. He thought for a while before replying, "If I remember correctly, Lord Huang Tayun has taken leave on bereavement ever since the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps left Sunrise City, and hasn't reported for work since. He might be back in a couple of days."

Leave...

A barely-noticeable splendor flashed across Ye Qingyu's eyes.

Shangguan Wu understood what Ye Qingyu was thinking tacitly. To him, Ye Qingyu naturally had the right and reason to address this kind of grievance, as per the rules of the martial way.

Moreover, he had received reports alleging that Huang Tayun had done a few dishonorable things in the Sunrise City, and so he had been secretly investigating the latter.

After hearing Shangguan Wu's subtle stance, Ye Qingyu felt inwardly relieved and could roughly determine the attitude of Sunrise City.

A moment later.

"By the way, Lord Ye Qingyu, I have a piece of news that concerns you..." Shangguan Wu frowned slightly as if he suddenly recalled something. "The retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race has been in Heaven Connect City in recent days but was unable to find you despite searching through the city. He thus announced that the Dragonblood Dynasty would officially declare war on the Heaven Wasteland Domain if you still don't show up and hand over the [Dragonblood Halberd]."

Ye Qingyu's personal handling of the rebellion within the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect under orders was naturally not a matter which would be publicly announced. Therefore, aside from Ren Puyang and the people of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, none of the forces and sects which took note of his movements knew why he suddenly went missing.

Moreover, there had recently been rumors in Heaven Connect City that he disappeared because he had stolen the [Dragonblood Halberd] but was afraid of the might of the Dragonblood Dynasty's retired emperor.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 872:


As the age-old saying goes, a monk may run away but the temple remains.

Having searched through Heaven Connect City without being able to find Ye Qingyu, the retired emperor naturally turned his fury toward the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

"The Dragon Human Race... they're just in time. I've got it. Thank you for reminding me, Lord Shangguan Wu." Ye Qingyu nodded.

Although he did not talk much about this matter, he understood very well that Shangguan Wu had reminded him out of concern for the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Subsequently, the two chatted for another ten minutes or so.

After taking his leave of the Purple Golden Divine Office, Ye Qingyu was in no hurry to leave Sunrise City.

The silly dog had run off ever since arriving in the city. No doubt, it had gone in search of good food and drink to make up for the stomach abuse it suffered in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. Therefore, Ye Qingyu planned to take a stroll through the city while waiting for it to become satiated before returning to Heaven Connect City.

He shuttled through the most bustling section in the city and then walked up to a thousand-year-old store.

Under the shine of the rising sun, the high walls, made of pale-golden rocks, gave off a bright halo, while the beautifully-carved yet rustic door appeared very tasteful. At the very center of the door, a gilded moiré-patterned board with the words [Refine Armour] exuded an archaic and dignified feel.

The business of [Refine Armour] had been clearly delegated when the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps left Sunrise City earlier on. Empress Yu Xiaoxing had assigned people to manage it for the time being.

As a shop with deep cultural roots, it had amassed an astonishing fortune over a thousand years. Stored in its underground armory were a large number of armor and weapons, all of which were top-notch martial resources. Later on, after some remodelling, it transformed from a simple shop into the Heaven Wasteland Domain's station, as well as a chamber of commerce for import and export trade, in Sunrise City.

Ye Qingyu did not notify the managers of [Refine Armour] prior to coming to Sunrise City. This time, he simply wanted to sit down while getting to know the latest news concerning the shop.

In the reception hall of [Refine Armour].

Huh?

Isn't this...

Ye Qingyu saw an extremely familiar figure as soon as he stepped into the reception hall.

"Lord... Ye Qingyu?!" Lin Baiyi, who was carrying a thick account book in his hand, revealed a disbelieving look on his face.

"Haha, I'd never thought I'd see you here."

Having met an old acquaintance from a less prosperous place, Ye Qingyu was also pleasantly surprised and began to laugh.

It turned out that the empress had begun to arrange various trade expansion matters ever since the Heaven Wasteland Domain passed their grading. Aside from facilitating all kinds of trade with Heaven Connect City, she also made [Refine Armour] a key trading post.

As a representative of the Lin family and more so the favorite pupil of the Pill God Dugu Quan, Lin Baiyi was a natural candidate for the first batch of explorers.

Several days ago, the empress assigned him to [Refine Armour] to take charge of all its affairs. After these few days of familiarization, he already felt completely at home.

As he did not expect Ye Qingyu to show up, he was pleasantly surprised and hurriedly received the latter, whom he led into a quiet room upstairs.

"How's the situation in the Heaven Wasteland Domain?" Ye Qingyu asked as he looked around at the newly-furnished [Refine Armour].

"Lord Ye Qingyu, ever since Her Highness the Empress returned, the more-than-hundred accompanying chambers of commerce and forces immediately set up their own stations and quickly established trade links. Also, the Domain Gate has officially opened already. I believe that more and more chambers of commerce and forces from various races will soon enter the Heaven Wasteland Domain, bringing with them an endless supply of new resources. According to Her Highness' decree, dozens of young family representatives, such as myself, will be assigned to different places in Sunrise City and Heaven Connect City to take charge of the Heaven Wasteland Domain's export of resources..." Lin Baiyi explained the developments in the Heaven Wasteland Domain in detail.

"Great. If that's the case, the Heaven Wasteland Domain will be able to acquire resources at double its current speed within a year." Ye Qingyu nodded approvingly.

Without a doubt, it was Yu Xiaoxing's planning and leadership which made this speed of development possible. Ye Qingyu had practically never taken an interest in the management of the dynasty and the various affairs of the domain, for he believed that nobody could build up the Heaven Wasteland Domain better than Xing'er.

After a brief stop in [Refine Armour], Ye Qingyu grabbed at the Void and pulled the silly dog, which had an oily mouth and was grimacing in pain, out of it. The two of them then rushed in the direction of Heaven Connect City.

Half an hour later.

Ye Qingyu arrived near the Black Demon Abyss.

He could not refrain from slowing down his course and taking a few looks at this old haunt. After all, it could be said that the story of the Black Demon Abyss had completely changed his destiny and that of the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

As before, a ghastly smell of blood pervaded the barrier of black mist covering the periphery of the Black Demon Abyss, and a horrifying demonic noise slowly and unceasingly sounded from the giant abyss. However, now that Ye Qingyu had attained the Saint realm, he was wholly unaffected by these miasma and eerie noises.

In wonderful spirits having become satiated, the silly dog sniffed all around at the strange smells, which not only did not affect him but even aroused its interest.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

