Chapter 801:


Chapter 818 - The Silly Dog Reappears



Looking at the fat man's thieving face, Ye Qingyu had no more strength to make further complaints. However, he did believe that the former was probably blameless and indeed only managed to make it here in time by rushing. Although he did not know how long he had been unconscious for and what exactly happened, he guessed that he would be dead by now if it was not for this fat man.

"Alright, I shall forgive you for now."

Inhaling a deep breath, Ye Qingyu felt a burning pain in his chest, as if its interior was already crushed, while the fresh air that entered began to boil among the mashed flesh. This kind of pain truly hurt to the bone.

He knew that his injuries this time were way too serious.

First, his viscera were damaged by feedback forces, and second, his body nearly exploded from his forceful consumption of the god-level yuan liquid. If it was not for the protection of the incredible treasure that was the [Cloud Top Cauldron], even a Saint would have burst into minced meat.

"If you want to show your sincerity, hurry up and kill Zhong Yuan and those bastards for me."

Inhaling another deep breath, he did not dare to say anything else. He closed his eyes and concentrated as he operated the nameless breathing technique to readjust his condition, and began to mend his internal injuries. With Yu Xiaoxing and the others still missing, there were yet some very important things for him to do, and so he had to seize every minute and second.

Moreover, as a matter of fact, he hardly had any strength left to continue speaking.

When Zhong Yuan and the others heard this, their countenances dramatically changed at once.

To think that this lower domain bastard would be so unforgiving as soon as he regained the advantage. If that Quasi-emperor descendant truly listens to him and takes action, we'd be as good as dead no matter how we resist.

Feeling anxious, Zhong Yuan and his men began to operate their yuan qi, contorting their bodies into the shape of a widely-drawn bow in preparation to flee...

But, just then, Li Shengyan replied with a miserable face, "Ancestor said to rescue you but not to help you kill others. You have to settle your affairs on your own..." The fat man shook his head as if it was a rattle-drum. "I daren't defy Ancestor, and so, elder brother, you have to find your own way to kill these bastards when your injuries have healed."

Ye Qingyu closed his eyes and remained silent.

This is certainly in line with [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] usual style.

Although they were branded as bastards by the fat man, Zhong Yuan and the others felt ecstatic. Evidently, their lives were spared for now, and they did not have to go up against a Quasi-emperor. As for the future... that could wait until Ye Qingyu recovered, and perhaps they would find another opportunity in time. After all, the Quasi-emperor had said to protect Ye Qingyu for a hundred days only, and not for a lifetime.

"Thank you so much, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]." Zhong Yuan's heart could finally return to its place. Without daring to think of anything else, he cupped his hands to bid farewell and swiftly fled a thousand kilometers away.

The surroundings became quiet.

"Ancestor told me to return immediately after resolving your situation here. Elder brother, I shall take my leave first." The fat man spoke impertinently and, without asking about Ye Qingyu's injuries first, vanished on the spot with a flash of the green tattered clothing in his hand.

By triggering the Quasi-emperor power contained in the clothing, he was instantly brought away by the Quasi-emperor's magical ability.

Sitting cross-legged where he was, Ye Qingyu operated his yuan qi and rapidly healed.

He was not at all vigilant and wary of his surroundings.

However, this was not him being negligent.

Rather, seeing as there was a Quasi-emperor decree on him, he did not have to worry about a sneak attack. Nobody would dare to defy [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who had amassed great power since four thousand years ago.

Indeed, nearly two hours passed in the blink of an eye.

Everyone had retreated far and away from the vicinity of the Black Moon Divine Palace representative station, such that there was not a trace of aura or movement anywhere near.

Nobody sneak-attacked Ye Qingyu.

Another two hours later.

Ye Qingyu's complexion gradually became ruddy.

He had more or less quelled some of his injuries.

Just then, a beam of silver flowing light cut through the Void and arrived beside him before turning into a figure that brought along a chilly feel. This was none other than the emaciated elder, Shuang Wuyan, who Ye Qingyu had sent out earlier.

He looked travel-worn and rather weary.

This time, it took him one hell of an effort to contact and find [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and Li Shengyan according to the token Ye Qingyu gave him. By using the Quasi-emperor clothing, Li Shengyan was able to rush and rescue Ye Qingyu, while Shuang Wuyan had to proceed back on his own, which took him four hours longer than the former. Despite possessing immense strength and rushing all the way back without any delay, his speed was this much inferior to that of the Quasi-emperor's magical ability, the greatness of which was thereby illustrated clearly.

"Is everything settled?" Shuang Wuyan asked, feeling slightly relieved after seeing that Ye Qingyu was in pretty good shape.

The latter nodded his head.

"Where's the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission?"

Ye Qingyu winced when he heard this. His countenance changed dramatically as he raised a hand to give himself a slap, before he broke out, "I... might have forgotten to ask about this..."

"This isn't funny," Shuang Wuyan remarked plainly.

Ye Qingyu's face turned black.

While walking along the gates of hell and killing so many experts from diverse places, his mind remained in a tense state throughout and his energy was focused like never before, such that he did not think of anything else. Later on, when Li Shengyan came to salvage the situation, Ye Qingyu seized every minute and second to heal his excessively-heavy injuries, while that fat man vamoosed ungraciously. Only now, when reminded by Shuang Wuyan, did Ye Qingyu realize that he had forgotten to ask about the most important matter of all.

This... this is simply... dumb as shit.

If he had pressed Zhong Yuan under the auspices of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], he would certainly be able to obtain the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission's whereabouts, but now...

His innards turned green from regret.

But, right then, a strange change occurred.

A pale-golden beam of flowing light fell like a streaking comet from the horizon, immediately alarming both Ye Qingyu and Shuang Wuyan.

"What's that..."

"Be careful."

In only a twinkling, it dove into the Void within a kilometer of the duo.

Focusing his attention and gathering qi, Ye Qingyu sent his divine consciousness forth at once.

He vaguely felt that the beam of light contained an exceptionally familiar aura.

"This aura... how can..."

Giving him no time for evaluation, a filthy-looking ball of fur rushed out of the beam.

This ball of fur appeared as if it had been scorched by a wildfire and was yellow and black in patches, emitting a burnt smell. Only its shiny black pair of eyes remained as crystal clear as black spar. Its figure appeared rather emaciated and weak as it not so much ran as scrambled its way toward Ye Qingyu.

"It's... Little Nine..."

Blinking his eyes forcibly, Ye Qingyu immediately revealed a disbelieving look of wild joy.

This silly dog has found me at last!

However, the chubby and fluffy white meat dumpling of old now had the appearance of a stray dog, its weak aura suggesting that it had been heavily injured.

Having made some observations, Ye Qingyu was about to talk when Little Nine jumped on him menacingly. Barking angrily, it uttered fiercely, "Woof... Owner, I'm about to die!"

Although its expression was somewhat savage, its aggrieved and plaintive tone sounded like that of a lovesick woman questioning her lover who had been missing for a long time.

Seeing the silly dog scrambling forth, a hint of joy also flashed across Shuang Wuyan's ice crystal-like eyes.

"You... Where have you all been! I nearly flipped the entire chaotic world upside down..." Ye Qingyu was animated like never before, his voice carrying an irresistible quiver.

He continually examined the silly dog's body, and only then discovered that its blood qi was exuberant and its vitality was brimming, meaning that its foundation could not be in better shape. It was nowhere near close to death, in contrast to what it said that gave Ye Qingyu a good scare.

Being stared at and examined, however, momentarily startled the silly dog, which suddenly seemed to think of something and hurriedly turned its head back to look at its own fur. It then began to weep and howl at once, saying, "This was fur I'd painstakingly nourished to pick up dates with!"

Seeing the familiar expression on the silly dog's face, Ye Qingyu's joy became a notch greater, as if the giant rock suspended in his heart could finally secure a steady landing. He thereafter asked with a grin, "Say, how did you get injured?"

In truth, he was indeed somewhat curious.

It must be known that Little Nine's god-given body was able to withstand the power of heavenly lightning and the chaotic thunder liquid, and could swallow all sorts of foreign race beings alive. Its strength way exceeded the majority of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission members.

Moreover, it had mastered an escape skill which it itself believed to be the best in the world.

Therefore, it was hard to imagine that it could get injured too.

Hearing Ye Qingyu's question, the silly dog immediately revealed a posture which hinted that it was full of grievances and sorrows and would rather Ye Qingyu not ask. Waving its paws and grimacing, it snapped, "Bah! If it wasn't that foolish Old Fish! He's truly an insufferable piece of shit! Using his bizarre skills, he made some kind of shitty passageway... if not for my good fortune, I'd have been torn apart in those chaotic windstorms..."

"Your own skills aren't good enough... yet you blame... Wait... what did you say? Chaotic windstorms?!" Ye Qingyu appeared astounded, indicating that he realized something. "What's that about?"

"Woof, long story... Those chaotic windstorms aren't something a normal being can pass through... I'm innately..." The silly dog began to tremble.

Seeing that it could still be this boastful, Ye Qingyu understood that it had only suffered superficial injuries and nothing serious. Feeling impatient, he interrupted, "How about the rest? Are they safe? Where are they?"

"Was my brother also in the chaotic windstorms?" Shuang Wuyan suddenly inquired in a tone which sounded not so much questioning as confirming.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 802:


Chapter 819 - Black Moon Warships


When the silly dog was interrupted just as it was going to brag about itself, it leered at the two people, but then seemed to realize that this was not the time to chitchat, and immediately responded, "Woof... they should still be alive. We were always together, but they're now still trapped in the chaotic windstorms and are being pursued by the Black Moon Divine Palace. Woof woof, hurry up and follow me, I can explain on the way!"

Hearing that they were alright, the tightly stretched string in Ye Qingyu's heart could finally loosen somewhat.

Yet, seeing the silly dog reveal a rare serious expression, he knew very well that the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission was in hot water and needed to be rescued without delay.

Subsequently, without thinking too much else, the duo picked up the silly dog and allowed it to lead the way. Turning into two beams of flowing light, they rapidly swept across the air.

Two fissure-like trails of light lingered in the Void for a long time.

In the chaotic Void outside of Inferno City.

In the desolate and dark chaotic Void, chaotic windstorms which seemed like they had time-traveled from a primitive age surged non-stop with great impetus.

They raged and roared like ancient dragons and beasts, unremittingly tearing the cosmic stars into fragments.

At the heart of the windstorms quietly drifted a giant blue splendor with a bubble-shaped contour which was several hundred meters in diameter. As windstorms rampaged across endlessly, the splendor was contorted into round or flat shapes intermittently, looking so delicate and weak as though it could burst from the wind pressure at any time. However, covering its surface was a filmy layer of blue gloss, on which ancient and profound formations wandered and flickered, giving off a faint blue fluorescence.

A terribly strange yet majestic power was gradually emitted from the splendor.

An aura like that of an ever-churning ancient ocean emanated from all over the splendor, indistinctly repelling the windstorms which were wildly sweeping in from all directions. Such a sight caused one to involuntarily feel a sense of constriction akin to the approaching of an upsurging wave. No matter how furious and brutal the power of the passing windstorms, this blue splendor which spangled with formations and ancient aura time and again withstood their onslaught.

Surrounding the blue splendor were also six giant warships which were as lofty as mountains.

They were abnormally huge yet ancient, were completely black-bodied, and were made using an unknown material similar to steel. Although they looked rather cumbersome, they, too, could completely withstand the onslaught of the chaotic windstorms. Their surfaces were covered with formation radiances which served as shields, and furthermore, each of these battleships possessed agility which was incommensurate with their massive sizes. Coordinating with one another, they each occupied a point to form an array like that of six stars, thereby hemming in the blue splendor.

On each warship was hung a flag bearing the Black Moon Divine Palace totem.

A highly-terrifying and mysterious energy was continuously released from the midst of the warships to the surroundings, forming a formation light shield which emitted a faint black- and gold-colored mist. This shield protected every one of the warships, allowing them to stand steadily in the midst of the chaotic windstorms without being affected by the raging wind power at all.

At this time, several dozen figures, each of whom gave off a vigorous yuan qi splendor, could be indistinctly seen on the deck of each warship. They stood neatly on both sides of the deck, unceasingly bombarding light-energy cannonballs in the same direction by firing off several dozen light-energy cannons on whose surfaces flickered black formation lusters.

Every cannonball, which contained enough power to destroy a mid-sized city, was fired at the same target, that being the blue splendor which drifted in the midst of the windstorms.

The six arrayed warships aggressively and relentlessly bombarded the blue splendor in the midst of the windstorms with light-energy cannonballs.

Resembling giant meteorites covered in black flames, these cannonballs arrived from all directions and struck heavily on the blue splendor, as if they would only stop when it had been completely destroyed.

Nevertheless, the formations on the blue splendor continued to flicker gently while ripples of light twirled as the splendor tirelessly endured the dual attacks of the wildly-sweeping chaotic windstorms and the incomparably-aggressive giant cannonballs.

Like bubbles in a gale or driftwood among waves, the blue splendor was at a tipping point of imminent danger, as if it could blow up at any time.

At this time, to the east of the array.

A command warship, which looked twice the size of the other warships, stood steadily in the midst of the windstorms.

An old man was sitting on a fauteuil on the bow deck of this command warship. With his eyes squinted, he seemed to have dozed off. He had a bronze-like face on which sharp white brows slanted to his temples while three long and ravine-deep wrinkles cut across his forehead. Though he seemed very old, his vigor remained fierce like no other, and just the tiny wisps of aura which sprang from between his eyebrows were more powerful than those of many young and strong experts.

He wore a black cold-light armor every scale of which was branded with a black-fluorescence-flickering moon shape. The cold light given off by these shapes was incomparably piercing, augmenting the man's powerful appearance by several notches.

Several hundred Black Moon Divine Palace experts stood silently and respectfully behind the old man.

A moment later.

At last, the old man gradually opened his dark-brown eyes which were bright yet profound.

His eye beams were like torches as he peered in the distance at the blue splendor which was endlessly being attacked by the giant cannonballs. In a stentorian voice, he asked, "How many days have gone by?"

"Elder, six days or so," among the neatly-arrayed experts, a young expert who stood in the row closest to the elder hastily replied.

The aura of this young expert had already reached the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm, yet, while facing the elder who sat comfortably on the fauteuil, he inadvertently betrayed elements of fear.

Beside him, the elder slowly closed his eyes and spoke in a tone which now contained an incredibly-piercing and majestic vigor, "That's too slow, the palace master will be very disappointed in us. Peng Huaibi, dispatch my orders to fill the cannonballs with all of the remaining origin crystals, then increase the fire rate of the six warships to the maximum."

Just as he spoke, a middle-aged man who stood behind to one side, also wearing Black Moon armor, revealed a disapproving look and hesitated for a moment before cautiously speaking up, "Elder, having fired for six consecutive days, three Black Moon cannons among the six warships have already sustained chamber explosions. If the fire rate is increased even more, there are likely to be more chamber explosions, which might then mess up the ships' protective formation..."

"Let these chamber explosions happen." Before the middle-aged expert had finished speaking, the elder plainly interrupted, "Do you think, if we return without completing our mission, we'll be better off than being swept into the chaotic windstorms?"

Everyone became dead silent after these words were spoken.

The giant cannonballs roared like rolling thunder.

As more and more terrifying energy was filled into these light-energy cannonballs, they bombarded the blue splendor like a tempestuous hail of bullets.

In the midst of the blue splendor.

Nearly a thousand figures stood shoulder-to-shoulder facing outside, forming a huge human ring squeezed within the splendor.

They were the surviving members of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission.

Having encountered the surprise attack several days ago, every member had shed a little blood, albeit their bloodstains and wounds had dried up by now. Although they looked sorry and haggard, their expressions at this very moment were fervent and brave, as if they were facing a formidable enemy.

A tense and cautious atmosphere pervaded throughout this blue splendor of several hundred meters in diameter, causing one to feel heroically stirred up.

In the middle of the human ring steadily stood a slender and well-proportioned figure with a movingly clear and beautiful face, albeit seeming somewhat feeble.

It was Yu Xiaoxing, the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty's first and only female emperor.

She was wearing a light-yellow palace dress on which were several meandering bloodstains. Her long hair gently fluttered and her face was rather pale, but her bright and clear eyes revealed a definite fortitude and calmness.

A pale golden imperial qi suffused from all over her body, slowly but surely, majestically and fearlessly.

With Empress Yu Xiaoxing at the center, seven figures stood at different sides along the edge of the blue splendor outside the human ring.

Standing to the east side, with blood-colored yuan qi surging through their bodies, were the crazy noodle-eating demon Wen Wan and the plump elder Yan Wushuang. Not far from them, to the northeast and southeast directions, were the blue-yuan-qi-radiance-emitting Ximen Yeshui and the demonic-power-possessing Yan Buhui respectively. Directly opposite them, stationed to the west side, was the imperial family's first martial maniac Hu Yu, while to the northwest and southwest directions were the puce-yuan-qi-bubbling Dragon Turtle Big Demon and the pale-yellow-yuan-qi-shrouded First Princess.

The brilliances of different colors and auras which burst forth from the bodies of these seven people had apparently been worked up to their most intense state, gushing torrentially and endlessly toward the centermost of the formation.

Standing steadily at the centermost position, Yu Xiaoxing snapped her fingers as if to direct the six torrents of yuan qi to enter her palms.

With the golden imperial qi enveloping the converging brilliances, a majestic and vigorous fusion power weaved like a network of veins in all directions, forming blue rays of light which shrouded above everyone's head and firmly supported the outermost blue splendor.

Visibly, the seven people guarding the outermost area of the blue splendor were using their own power to assist Yu Xiaoxing's imperial qi in setting up a defensive formation which could withstand the chaotic windstorms and light-energy cannonballs, thereby protecting all of the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission members within the splendor.

However, it had been a full six days since they became engulfed in the chaotic windstorms.

During this time, in order to preserve each member's life to the best possible extent, these front-liners frantically summoned yuan qi day and night to prop up the protection.

At this very moment, even those with robust yuan qi such as Wen Wan and Hu Yu, or those with unfathomable strength such as Ximen Yeshui, Shuang Wuyan, and Yan Buhui, had become pale-faced and grim-eyed, betraying a laborious look.

In particular, Hu Yu, once the top expert of the Heaven Wasteland's Human Race, had become a little gray-haired, his expression looking tired and haggard.

Meanwhile, as the strongest female in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the First Princess Yu Junqing was also furrowing her brows and clenching her teeth as she held on strenuously. Even so, the splendor that surged all over her body was nowhere near as dazzling as it used to be.

However, it was the Dragon Turtle Big Demon, who stood at the northwestern side, who looked most exhausted among the six people. His vision had begun to turn turbid and blurred, and he was on the verge of fainting.

Under the increasingly-weak puce yuan qi splendor, his giant shell had become withered, with its originally-puce scales already dulled. A pale-gray layer began to spread over the fine and dense cracks, as if the shell was gradually petrifying after being drained of moisture and vitality. Blood wounds cracked open on his back near his arms, indicating that he was burning his origin power to hold on at all costs despite being in danger of exhaustion.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 803:


Chapter 820 - Ram Again



These six people, who were the strongest among the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission, each relentlessly exerted their full power and even went beyond the limits of their endurance as they persisted at all costs.

In a distant corner of the blue splendor.

With a grim gaze and some anxiety on his face, Old Fish was continually observing the conditions of the experts at the front lines and at the center of the formation.

A moment later.

Kneading his brows, he seemed to have noticed something.

He suddenly turned his eyes to one side to look at the three experts nearest to him and said in a tone of some heaviness, "It looks like this old tortoise won't be able to hold on for much longer. You three had better get ready."

Hearing this, those three experts nodded repeatedly.

They were the strongest experts among the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission aside from Yu Xiaoxing and those seven people. If the Dragon Turtle Big Demon died from foundation depletion, they would have to take his place. Though this was as good as seeking their own doom, they showed neither regret nor fear of burning themselves to protect everyone else.

Although Old Fish did not speak explicitly, they swiftly understood the meaning between his words.

Burning one's foundation to sustain the formation would mean expending one's life.

To the near-dying Dragon Turtle Big Demon, a few more hours of sustainment would inevitably cause him to die from the depletion of his life force.

However, once the formation was activated, it could not be short of any one side.

As soon as the Dragon Turtle Big Demon's life aura collapsed, his standing position would require an equivalent supply of power and yuan qi to continue sustaining the formation.

Otherwise, it would be the entire Heaven Wasteland envoy mission that faced destruction.

A heroic, cruel, doleful, and complex atmosphere pervaded the giant blue splendor.

Everyone was silently bracing and waiting.

To one side, Old Fish looked around the blue splendor, which was continually being distorted by the bombardment from all sides. Sighing faintly, he muttered to himself, "I wonder... if that smelly brat will get here in time..." As if mocking himself, he grinned slightly but followed up by speaking in an angry tone, "If I'd known, I'd rather have remained in that fishbowl. It was truly an irrevocable mistake to take the risk of being swept into these frightening chaotic windstorms, where we can't even ensure that our bones will remain intact..."

When they heard his lament, the expressions of the dozens of mission members nearest to him remained unchanged. Nobody criticized him, and on the contrary, they gained some more respect for this old man.

Having been together for so long, everyone already knew that this old man, whose status and origin were unique, and who occupied a definite place in Ye Qingyu's heart, was actually a hard-spoken but soft-hearted good person.

This was most evident on the day of the surprise attack. If this old man had not remained calm in the face of danger and laid out a formation in the nick of time before secretly directing the experts among the mission in engaging the enemies, the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission would certainly not have kept so many members alive and would not have lasted until now.

Meanwhile.

Standing at the center of the formation, a dignified and calm Empress Yu Xiaoxing raised her head gently to look at the windstorms that drew in furiously. Fatigue could vaguely be seen in her eyes, which also contained some emptiness, as if she was thinking of something.

Elder brother Qingyu, you'd better not come...

She prayed inwardly.

Despite being the first female emperor of the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty, she was an affectionate little girl inside.

The upsetting battle a few days ago had caused the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission to sink into unprecedented danger. It was the first time that she so clearly witnessed the terror and cruelty of the enemies. And even now, the ever-sweeping chaotic windstorms and the constant bombardment of cannons by the warships were allowing her to feel overwhelming destructive power.

She could not be clearer about Ye Qingyu's strength before he separated from the contingent, and naturally knew that he was no match for these windstorms and warships, as well as the foreign race experts concealed on those warships.

If you come, you'll die.

She could not allow the person dearest to her to put his life at stake. She would rather abandon herself and the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission than have him turn up.

Live on, elder brother Qingyu. You must live on well.

Sparkling lusters flickered gently in her eyes, as her slightly-emaciated body became even more firmly upright.

Under the ceaseless bombardment from the six surrounding warships, the outer film of the blue splendor began to flicker non-stop, its gloss nowhere near as bright as it was over the past few days.

Each time a cannonball struck, a huge ripple would arise on the surface of the blue splendor, while at certain parts of the northwestern corner, a few signs of breaking had been caused by the constant tremors.

The six experts who were propping up the formation at different sides now revealed even more obvious looks of fatigue and haggardness. In particular, the Dragon Turtle Big Demon's cracked lips oozed a stream of blue blood, and his life aura had become indistinct.

Crowding within the ball of light, the other Heaven Wasteland envoy mission members did not show any sign of fear. Every one of them proudly stood upright with expressions that were sorrowful like no other.

They were waiting and expecting.

The situation before their eyes was becoming more and more critical.

Just then, in the distant Void.

A dark-yellow beam of flowing light abruptly shot across the air.

Incomparably dazzling, it cut through the chaotic windstorms and tore out rifts which emanated an extremely terrifying and overbearing aura. Its speed was so fast that a normal Immortal Step realm expert could not catch its position with the naked eye.

Within the flowing light.

A figure's black hair rose in the wind as his white clothes made a whistling sound. His vigor was piercingly cold to the maximum extent, and every cell in his body seemed to be in a berserk state. It was none other than the one and only War God of the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty, Ye Qingyu.

He stood at the forefront of the flowing light as he operated the [Cloud Top Cauldron], with a rich purple light flashing like lightning in his eyes. Behind him, Shuang Wuyan and the silly dog Little Nine were shielded beneath willowy rays of dark-yellow light.

We've finally arrived!

Under the halo, Ye Qingyu and Shuang Wuyan revealed a tinge of exhilaration at the same time.

Beside them, the burnt-all-over silly dog brandished its paws and bared its teeth, looking extremely excited.

In the distant chaotic windstorms.

"What's that?!"

"Quick, look over there!"

The two parties standing opposite each other within the chaotic windstorms detected the coming of the flowing light.

In the Black Moon Divine Palace's camp.

The commanders and most powerful experts on the six warships immediately revealed shocked expressions.

Who could've barged into the chaotic windstorms?!

And what does he want to do?!

The other Black Moon Divine Palace experts who were guarding the decks were also greatly alarmed when they sensed an extremely terrifying aura rushing towards them.

In the blue splendor at the center of the windstorms.

Standing near the northwestern corner, Old Fish was the first to have his eyes lit up, following which a hint of delight flashed across his eyegrounds. Letting out a strange laughter, he said, "That smelly brat has finally arrived!"

The other Heaven Wasteland envoy mission members, who had looked miserable and haggard, all revealed astonished expressions. A moment later, someone among them suddenly recognized the copper cauldron and began to exclaim out loud.

"It's him... He's here!"

"It's Lord Ye Qingyu! Our War God is here!"

"Lord... Lord Ye Qingyu is here!"

In a twinkling, every member cheered passionately.

Beneath the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu swept a glance across and immediately recognized the Black Moon Divine Palace's symbol on the warships. It became clear to him that the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission was trapped in place and the members' lives were hanging by a thread. The indignant fury in his chest towered up high at once.

"It's indeed these Black Moon Divine Palace bastards. How dare they force the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission into such dire straits. I shall make them taste the feeling of being torn apart by the chaotic windstorms!"

While silently chanting some ancient words to work up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with even greater speed than before, he carefully examined the arrangement of the six warships surrounding and attacking the blue splendor. In little time, he came up with a plan.

"Ram across!"

He decided to use the same old trick.

With sharp raging flames in his eyes, he pointed at one of the warships.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] moved according to his will, its majestic and ancient aura instantly bursting forth.

An incomparably-gleaming dark-yellow fireball rammed toward the warship in the northwestern corner.

Boom!

The booming blare sounded like thunder from the Ninth Heaven.

A rigid warship tremored non-stop among the windstorms, as if it was a wooden boat that had slipped into rapid currents. Its bow had been smashed into bits by the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that resembled a giant flaming cannonball.

The black misty formation on the warship instantly broke and dispersed into black smoke, before quickly dissipating among the windstorms.

Having lost its protective shield, the warship could no longer withstand the terrifying power of the chaotic windstorms, and was instantly devoured as if by beasts with wide-opened bloodied mouths which had come to feast. It took only a moment for all of the energy of the warship to burst apart.

When the formation force self-combusted, the warship immediately turned into a fiery ball of light.

Bam!

The explosion noises could have caused the world to tremble.

The warship, which was as large as a lofty mountain, had completely exploded.

In a twinkling, the blazing bits of the warship were drawn into the turbulence of the chaotic windstorms, turning into powder and dissipating entirely.

The Black Moon Divine Palace experts on the warship, too, perished during that moment.

"No!"

An angry roar which could penetrate through the clouds and heavens was heard.

Amid the turbulence of the windstorms was a Saint-level elder, whose entire body was covered in bloodstains and was surging with dark-purple radiance. Exerting his Saint origin power to the fullest, he scrambled to escape from the windstorms and intended to leap onto a nearby warship.

But, the next moment, his entire being was savagely swept up and struck dead by the chaotic windstorms, turning into a wisp of smoke. Nothing was left of him.

The experts on the other five warships revealed astounded expressions when they saw the annihilation of the Saint-level elder.

Having lost a side, the formation of the Black Moon Divine Palace fell into turmoil and no longer trapped the blue splendor tightly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 804:


Chapter 821 - Your Turn to Feel the Coming of Death



Becoming like fishing boats in a storm, the five battleships were swung about by the wild winds and turbulent currents.

"Die!"

As Ye Qingyu turned his eyes, raging flames spurted out.

With little hesitation, he worked up the [Cloud Top Cauldron] once more and mercilessly sent it ramming toward the warship situated to the west.

At the west side.

The Black Moon Divine Palace warship swiftly reacted. It immediately stopped bombarding cannonballs at the blue splendor and hastily steered in the opposite direction to get out of the way.

On its deck, several hundred experts and elites were in a state of panic.

Perpetually boosted by origin crystals, the black protective shield became even thicker and stronger. Wisps of black mist formed a dense cobweb that wrapped around the battleship impermeably.

Meanwhile, on the command warship to the east.

"What's going on!" An alarmed-looking Elder Wang strode to the forefront of the bow, his Saintly might surging forth.

Glancing at the dark-yellow brilliance in the distance, an irrepressible astonishment and anger flashed across his eyes.

What a savage hit. It actually wasn't affected by the power of the windstorms. Who could that white-clothed youth beneath the giant cauldron be?!

And, what's that cauldron?

Why is such an ancient and terrifying aura emanating from it...

Just then, he heard a cry of alarm from behind.

"It's... it's Ye Qing... Ye Qingyu! It's that cursed one from the Heaven Wasteland!"

Someone among the neatly-filed disciples of the Black Moon Divine Palace recognized Ye Qingyu's identity.

Impossible!

Elder Wang mentally trembled and his eyes flickered a disbelieving look when he heard this.

Ye Qingyu...

How could he have appeared here?!

Although he had never seen this person before, the name was like an ear-piercing thunderclap he had long heard about.

Several days ago, the deployment of forces to surprise-attack and exterminate the envoy mission of this tiny Human Race domain, and even these few days of besieging the envoy mission around the clock, were all for the sake of this person called Ye Qingyu.

Moreover, the recent series of mishaps which led to a full mobilization of the Black Moon Divine Palace elites and elders at the various stations in the giant chaotic cities, and the setting up of a scheme and formation that caused much pain and many deaths upon the Black Moon Divine Palace in Falcon City, were more so for the sake of capturing this lower domain bastard.

But... how did he have the chance to escape!

Could... the plan in Falcon City have failed?

Those elders and experts stationed in Falcon City... Did something happen to them?

The visible turnaround of the situation was already extremely disadvantageous to the Black Moon Divine Palace, such that Elder Wang did not want to think of too much else.

Here and now, Ye Qingyu was like a fierce beast burning with flames of fury.

The copper cauldron under his control unleashed an extremely terrifying divine power which, upon impact, would turn even a peerlessly-solid warship made of diamond and iron into paste.

That apocalyptic weapon, considered irresistible, seemed to be unstoppable by any kind of power.

The warships, which unceasingly steered in different directions to get out of the way, were not fast enough to evade the agile and accurately-launched copper cauldron. As a result, these colossal ships became like lambs to a slaughter.

"Dispatch orders that all warships shall activate their greatest protective formations and are free to scatter. Be careful and don't get hit by the giant cauldron!" Having understood their situation before his piercingly-cold eyes, Elder Wang immediately issued a command.

Wisps of Saintly rage, which seemed like tangible light, surged out from all over his body.

His eye beams became increasingly strange as he peered at the giant cauldron which, completely unimpeded by the windstorms, struck agilely and freely in any direction it wanted, and even emanated wisps of Dao power and divine might.

That cauldron... What exactly is it?

How did this lower domain human called Ye Qingyu come to possess such a mysterious and odd giant cauldron?

Even with his current strength, Elder Wang was unable to perceive the type and grade of this divine object.

Although he did not know its origin for the moment, he nevertheless could determine from the snippets of its terrifying force that, even if the remaining five warships used up all of the remaining origin crystals to activate their greatest defensive formations, they would probably not be able to withstand its force.

Also, he knew very well that even if the body of a warship did not break from being rammed, the damage to its protective formation would make it difficult for the warship to withstand the chaotic windstorms subsequently.

In due time, the warship, together with the hundreds of Black Moon Divine Palace disciples on board, would be drawn into the turbulence of the windstorms and vanish completely.

The situation, which had seemed like a foregone conclusion earlier, now took a sudden turn for the worse.

It suddenly became the Black Moon Divine Palace's side which was being bombarded by a giant cannonball and needed to bear the fatal threat of the chaotic windstorms.

In the midst of the chaotic windstorms.

Controlling the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and turning into dark-yellow light, Ye Qingyu had become an irresistible and invincible force.

Bam bam bam!

The remaining warships uniformly pointed their cannons high up at the Void and unceasingly fired light-energy cannonballs.

"Batter him until he falls!"

"Get your aim right! Home in on him!"

"Steer away, quick!"

Cries of alarm were heard one after another on the warship.

However, the dark-yellow brilliance, which was powerful enough to destroy a city, was impossible to track within the windstorms.

"Ah, it's your turn to taste the coming of death!" A slight sneer formed at the corner of Ye Qingyu's lips.

Bathing in the glorious light, his arrogance rose high until he seemed like an invincible, apocalyptic killing god. A blinding dark-yellow radiance erupted from all over the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and charged directly toward another warship.

Compared to the agile giant cauldron, the massive and cumbersome warships moved as sluggishly as an infirm old man. They reversed at an extremely slow speed within the windstorms and arduously maneuvered away.

Meanwhile, energy-filled light cannonballs endlessly bombarded the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Across the way, the cauldron did not reduce in speed.

A contempt flashed across Ye Qingyu's eyes, as if he was totally unafraid of cannonballs that came on end.

Thump!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] gave a huge blare as the dark-yellow halo shrouding all over it emitted delicate ripples.

When the light cannonballs reached near Ye Qingyu and the others and collided with these ripples, they ricocheted and exploded among the chaotic windstorms one after another.

Thump thump thump!

Ripples arose all over the halo, causing a constant deafening noise.

All of the deflected cannonballs were nullified by the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and were sent flying on impact.

Boom!

A thunderous blare rang out momentarily.

Yet another warship was rammed into and destroyed by the dark-yellow brilliance, instantly turning into fine powder and light smoke and becoming lost among the chaotic windstorms.

Everything happened way too fast.

After the successive losses of two warships, the other Black Moon Divine Palace warships fell into greater disarray.

Within the ball of light, the alone-battling Ye Qingyu was as tiny as an ant, yet he never stopped ramming into and destroying each and every warship which was as lofty as divine mountains and giant trees.

The warships, which constantly switched positions in attempting to evade the bombardment, were like massive objects that had lost their bearings on a tempestuous ocean, drifting indeterminately.

Under the present circumstances, these enormous warships, whose workmanship was of the highest quality in the Black Moon Divine Palace, instead appeared cumbersome like no other. The result of its matchup against the freely-shuttling and incomparably-agile Ye Qingyu was becoming more and more plain to see.

This reversal of the situation caused Elder Wang, who served as the Enforcement Elder of the Black Moon Divine Palace and had attained the Saint realm a thousand years ago, to feel tremendous pressure.

On the command warship of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

"Retreat!"

Enraged, Elder Wang let out a frightening, angry roar.

As the supreme commander of this siege operation, he was responsible for the life of every disciple of the Black Moon Divine Palace.

Moreover, he had already drawn the conclusion that these heavy and huge warships had no way of shifting directions flexibly and smoothly, and thus could not compare with the freely-moving Ye Qingyu in terms of agility.

We cannot remain caught up in this. Otherwise, our fleet might be entirely annihilated before all of the warships have retreated.

However, Ye Qingyu's killing intent was soaring at the moment. The evil qi and flames of fury that wreathed his body seemed on the verge of turning into tangible substances, and his vigor had become like that of a descended fiendgod.

"Martyrs of the Heaven Wasteland above, may you all witness my massacre of all these douchebags today!" he bellowed angrily.

Losing no time, he turned into a dragon while simultaneously opening his mouth to gulp down a quarter-kilogram's worth of Origin liquid from the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

As the divine-level Origin liquid entered his body, Ye Qingyu once more felt
that
terrifying power of utmost essence and purity dashing into his dantian and bones. He instantly sensed a sharp pain coming from his muscles and bones, with every muscle on his body feeling like it had exploded from the terrifying power.

Although the divine-level Origin liquid could instantly enhance an expert's strength, its side-effect force was something which Ye Qingyu had learned about the hard way.

Nevertheless, he gulped down a whopping quarter-kilogram of it this time!

Just a drop of it could have taken an Immortal Step realm expert a year or so to digest before it gradually fused with the body and became effective. Even though it raised Ye Qingyu's physical endurance to the maximum level after he turned into a dragon, the pain he had to bear remained unimaginable.

Enduring the near-bursting pangs which were akin to burning needles all over, he could feel that the raging divine power in his body was soaring and flowing endlessly.

His battle intent and vigor peaked.

An asphyxiating and terrifying aura of constriction instantly radiated in all directions.

After he forcibly transferred the power of the divine-level Origin liquid into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], the totems on the surface of the cauldron promptly began to operate vividly, giving off an unmatched splendor that turned into a lustrous ball of light.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu and the [Cloud Top Cauldron] turned into a dazzling golden beam of lightning which shuttled frenziedly within the chaotic windstorms.

At this moment, his speed, power, and luminosity had all been raised to unprecedented levels.

The golden flowing light, which was now completely uncatchable by sight, impressively became a near-invincible presence throughout the world.

As if it was the sharpest blade in the world, the terrifying power would cut out rifts in the chaotic windstorms wherever the flowing light passed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

