Chapter 489:


Chapter 509, Leg broken

Under this sudden attack, amongst the crowd in front, there were only Lin Zheng, Qu Hanshan and some other high level Bitter Sea experts who reacted at the first moments, and were just barely able to withstand the terrifying black flowing dart attack with the treasure weapon in their hands...

Old Commander Li Guangbi, whose strength was relatively low in comparison, almost could not escape the misfortune. But under the protection of the bodyguards at the risk of their life, he luckily survived. However, the few loyal guards who used their body to block the flowing darts were instantly killed, before they had the chance to fight back.

Lin Yi who was shackled with chains was extremely sharp-witted.

Before the eruption of black flowing darts, he had already felt something was wrong, rolled across the ground like a dead dog and into a pit, thereby escaping the tragedy.

The two Imperial Guard experts at his side were shot like a hedgehog. Their breathing stopped right away...

At this very moment, the Imperial Guards of Snow Empire had suffered an extremely heavy loss.

Those that were standing in front were all senior military officers of the Imperial Guards, but in a split second 70% were dead. And only the lucky high-ranking Imperial officers that reacted extremely fast and desperately blocked the attack with a treasure weapon at the risk of their life managed to escape death, although the treasure weapons were shattered by the black flowing projectiles.

Some generals were not as lucky, although they were not shot dead on the spot, the black flowing darts had brushed past their flesh and the black demonic qi adhered to the flowing darts instantly invaded their bodies, which was much more deadly.

In the midst of tragic shrieks, their body, flesh, blood and bones were shriveling and corroding away at a speed visible to the naked eye. They were like a deflating balloon, drying up rapidly. Eventually, their flesh and blood drifted away into the air like ashes, and their bones collapsed like rotten wood.

Ye Qingyu was sent flying across the air. As he landed, he suddenly exerted force at his waist and managed to stand on the ground.

This scene happened so suddenly, it made Ye Qingyu unable to respond at all.

His eyes swept the tragic scene, reached to feel his back, which was filled with something. Ye Qingyu could even imagine that at this moment he was no different to a porcupine...

He casually pulled one out and examined it.

“This is... the furry barbs on the legs of that giant demon spider?” Looking at the thing that was almost one meter long that was like a sharp black arrow, Ye Qingyu finally determined what it was.

The black flowing darts that were flying across all directions were the furry hair from the leg of the giant spider.

At that instant, the demon spider released and fired all the furry barbs on its leg.

This was the source of this explosive catastrophe.

Ye Qingyu understood clearly. After his astonishment, he abruptly exerted force onto the back muscles, and in the midst of a series of rattling sounds, dislodged all the barbs that were on his back.

His current physical strength was unparalleled in both the ancient times and now. His flesh and blood was comparable to top treasure weapons, and with bare hands he could easily destroy low level Dao weapons as though breaking a jar. Even if the barbs were sharp and powerful and contained tremendous force, they could not penetrate through Ye Qingyu’s flesh...

It was only because of the speed of the tremendous force that these barbs were lodged on his back muscles, but had not pierced through.

The barbs fell, and Ye Qingyu’s white robe had become tattered once again. The wind blew and the threads of silk hanging on Ye Qingyu’s body revealed his jade-like clearly defined upper body. He suddenly became sharp and heroic looking.

“It would be good to have a defensive divine armour, can’t always bare arms when fighting... When fighting against other top level experts, clothes would be shattered within minutes.”

Such a thought surfaced in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

There was faint anguished wailing all around.

Some were yelling to retreat and issuing military orders to set up formations.

Lin Zheng and others finally calmed down, passing down military orders one after another, and the chaos was quickly reversed.

Those gathered here were after all the elite Imperial guards, every soldier’s nerves were as strong as iron, they had seen countless bloody scenes. After the initial panic, they very soon calmed down and arrayed in perfect order of battle formation.

This Li Yi who was lying in a pit like a dead dog for a long time unwilling to get up was also somewhat surprised and touched.

Forcefully dragged by two Imperial guard experts, he was pulled up and carried over to where Lin Zheng was standing.

“Have you already known that the Demon Spider Race has such a way of attacking?”

Lin Zheng narrowed his eye.

Lin Yi, from this skinny old man that he looked down on, felt a strong and cold aura that made his whole body palpitate with fear. In the past he had only felt this from the fearful Elders of discipline of the Greater One Sect.

“I didn’t think... experts of the Demon Spider Race, in the face of death and having sustained serious injuries, would launch this kind of attack. The black demonic barbs is the source of the power of this race, it is extremely terrifying…” Lin Yi dared not act arrogant at this time, hurriedly explained in panic. “But... but I never thought that the attack of Brother Ye could unexpectedly... could inflict severe damage to it.”

Lin Yi stared at Ye Qingyu in utter astonishment.

And in the depths of his eyes there was a frenzy that no one was aware of.

Ye Qingyu frowned and looked over in the direction of the Central Domain Gate.

As expected, there were none of the furry barbs on the leg of the giant black spider remaining. The originally eerie-looking giant leg, under the illumination of the sun, was radiating a black-iron-like luster. The previous brightly coloured and frightening pattern had gone dim and faded away...

The giant spider leg that was frantically trampling on everything was so quiet and still now.

On it, where the Cloud Piercing Arrow had struck, appeared a fist-sized window. The outer shell of the spider leg that seemed as though constructed from black iron was shattered, revealing the white flesh inside, sparkling and translucent and looked incomparably delicious.

“You mean to say that it has suffered a heavy blow and might have died?” Ye Qingyu looked to Lin Yi.

Lin Yi trembled, stuttering, “This... From the habits and properties of the Demon Spider Race, it seems so. In Clear River Domain, when the experts of the Demon Spider Race had sustained heavy injuries or in the face of death they would shoot out black demon barbs, but it’s impossible for you to inflict severe wounds to it.”

Looking at the Central Domain Gate, the look of fear once again emerged on Lin Yi’s face.

“According to its aura and appearance, it is at least the top existence of the law enforcement team of the Demon Spider Race. Even existences at the peak of the Heaven Ascension boundary cannot kill it. Your domain is too young to withstand the power of Heaven Ascension. Even gifted people who go against Heaven’s will to cultivate to the Heaven Ascension boundary also cannot really exert the true power of Heaven Ascension, as for you...”

As he spoke to here, Lin Yi’s complexion calmed a little, but looking at Ye Qingyu’s body and his jade-like immortal muscles, his body was again palpitating with fear.

What extent has he cultivated his physical body to that he could withstand the direct attack of black demonic barbs of an Immortal rank demon spider, and not even his skin was punctured through.

Once he calmed his mind, Lin Yi continued, “To cultivate to this level can be called unparalleled in both ancient times and now, but to kill a top Demon Spider with one arrow is still very unlikely... So I didn’t think... that would happened. If I had known in advance, I would certainly warn you. After all, I also have the danger of being shot to death.”

Upon listening, the light in Lin Zheng’s eyes dimmed a bit.

Ye Qingyu firmly stared at him and asked again, “Are you sure it has been severely wounded?”

Lin Yi hurriedly nodded. “Of course, my life is in your hands, how would I dare to deceive you... Hey? On your arm... that...”

This Greater One Sect disciple’s eyes suddenly flashed, falling on Ye Qingyu’s right arm, his pupils constricting.

Ye Qingyu looked down and was also shocked.

Not sure when, but on his right arm, a blood-red eight-clawed demonic spider pattern had unexpectedly formed. It was the size of a child’s palm, like the grinning face of a demon. Red as blood, as if it was flowing, and looked extremely strange.

The Demon Spider curse?

Was this the curse of the Demon Spider that had previously appeared on Lin Yi and the other Greater One Sect disciples?

Similar.

But it was not exactly like it.

The curse mark on Lin Yi and the other people was dull and shallow, not so vivid and sinister. This blood red spider mark on Ye Qingyu’s arm was as if it was alive, and seemed like it would jump out at any time to choose people to suck blood from.

How could that be?

When did the curse appear?

That he didn’t even notice?

Ye Qingyu was shocked, but not afraid or frightened.

He concentrated, mobilizing the power of [Supreme Ice Flame] to dispel the blood-coloured curse, but as the ice flame force approached, there was a strong resistance. An extremely evil force was surging on the blood-coloured mark, and although the ice flame could wear down this evil force little by little, the process was so slow that it was almost negligible.

“At this rate, most likely that it would be two or three years from now before I can completely eliminate this blood-coloured curse...” After a try Ye Qingyu stopped and gave up.

Most of his mind was sealed in the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. He could not activate his yuan qi and could only mobilize a small part of [Supreme Ice Flame]. If this was before, it would not have required so much effort.

Lin Yi seemed to noticed Ye Qingyu’s frustration, and said hesitatingly, “No use, it must be a curse that the top demon spider had put on you. You cannot touch it, and will be hunted by the Demon Spider Race your entire life. This race is crazy, they will do whatever it takes. Very soon they will come to your domain!”

Ye Qingyu did not speak.

He turned and walked towards the Central Domain Gate.

Very soon he came to the motionless giant spider’s leg, and compared to before, the demonic power of the giant leg seemed to be declining. Its yuan qi was evidently fading, but Ye Qingyu was still cautious. He reached out his hand to pull out the Cloud Piercing Arrow that shot the giant leg. And the [Supreme Ice Flame] that was surrounding the arrow was also retrieved!

The giant leg remained motionless.

Ye Qingyu, after a brief pause, suddenly swung his leg up.

Bang!

In the midst of shaking, the giant leg was kicked and rumbled down, heavily smashing into the ground and stirring up a sky of smoke and dust. The ground was quaking violently as though a mountain had collapsed.

Ye Qingyu carefully looked, only to find that the giant spider leg was unexpectedly snapped off, like it had been severed off by some sort of force. The thing remaining was only a part of the space rippling light mirror of the Central Domain Gate.

Leg broken?

As the giant spider leg dropped, the huge Central Domain Gate was restored to stillness. The space rippling light mirror vanished, and the space passage that connected to an unknown space was also gone.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 490:


Chapter 510, Departure

One arrow broke his leg?

A thought flashed across Ye Qingyu’s mind, but was very quickly ruled out by him.

“It voluntary broke its leg, that expert of the law enforcement team of the Demon Spider Race broke its leg itself, and then separated itself from the space-time passage, that must be it...” Lin Yi reluctantly came over under the escort of two Imperial guards, looked at the giant leg in astonishment and said, “It sensed a deadly threat, it must be that arrow that made it feel the danger of death, so it broke its own leg.”

Broke its leg voluntarily?

Ye Qingyu and Lin Zheng exchanged a glance, believing in Lin Y’s judgment at once.

“Maybe it’s because of the [Supreme Ice Flame] on the arrow.” Ye Qingyu guessed in his mind. This was the only explanation that was reasonable.

“The Demon Spider Race expert made a huge mistake, it was too arrogant. It came here by following the curse mark on us Greater One Sect disciples and tried to forcibly descend into your domain. In the end it was too strong that the heavens did not allow it so it could not descend, and could not sense the real situation of this world. When it was struck by Brother Ye’s arrow and felt that kind of power... In its confusion, it made the wrong judgment...”

Lin Yi looked at Ye Qingyu and the others. “This time you guys were lucky to avoid a tragedy, but the Demon Spider Race are the most vengeful. You made it break its leg, it will not let you off. It will soon come again, at that time...”

In the end, Lin Yi did not finish his sentence.

But what he meant was obvious.

When the Demon Spider Race comes, it would be the doomsday of the entire domain.

“Why don’t you let us go, we are all part of the Human Race, and we do not want to implicate you. Us Greater One Sect disciples can leave through the Domain Gate.” Lin Yi, seeing that no one said a word, hesitantly made a suggestion. “Your domain is too weak, and the Central Domain Gate coordinates were newly generated, drifting indefinitely. The Demon Spider Race found it here because of the curse mark on our body. If we leave, they would not find you for the time being, you will perhaps have some years of peace!”

Hearing this, all the people’s eyes lit up.

But Lin Zheng was still staring at Lin Yi, “But that giant spider has already come once today, can’t it mark the coordinates?”

Lin Yi replied, “What’s frightening about the Demon Spider Race are its powerful abilities and spider toxins. The Demon Spider Race is not good at space-related powers, so they can only rely on the spider curse to determine its directions. Believe me, if there is no curse mark, they will not be able to find your domain within a short time.”

Ye Qingyu grunted, “But I have a curse on my body.”

Lin Yi glanced at him and gritted his teeth as he said, “You can leave with us.”

“No, if Palace Lord Ye leaves with you, that is just throwing his life away? Sooner or later you guys will be hunted down by the Demon Spider Race.” Upon hearing the suggestion, without waiting for the others to speak, Lin Zheng was the first to reject the suggestion.

What a joke, Ye Qingyu’s identity was too special.

Even if Heaven Wasteland Domain was really facing a crisis, they must not gamble with the safety of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu himself also did not know what to say.

He lowered his head and began to consider the proposal very carefully.

Lin Yi hurriedly explained, “Of course he’s not throwing away his life. Once we returned to Clear River Domain, we can use our sect secret technique to contact the top experts of our sect, then it will be safe.”

“If it’s as simple as you said, then why did you people flee in any path that you could and were swept into Heaven Wasteland Domain by the space-time current?” Lin Zheng questioned him back.

Lin Yi very patiently explained, “At that time it was because we were being chased by the Demon Spider Race, we fled in any path we could find to escape. We were running for our life, there was no time to cast the secret technique. This time, if we are lucky, arrive at some remote places, then the Demon Spider Race would not find us so soon and we will have the opportunity meet up with the masters of Greater One Sect.”

“What if your unlucky?” Qu Hanshan who had remained quiet all along, suddenly asked questions.

Lin Yi with a wry smile, replied, “If unlucky... well, we will die. We can only make a gamble now.”

“Haha, you don’t seem like a person to have the courage to gamble,” Lin Zheng said bluntly.

Lin Yi’s face turned red. “This is because we were under great pressure. If we continue to stay in your domain, we will sooner or later be found and killed by the Demon Spider Race, we can only take a risk now.”

Qu Hanshan suddenly thought of an idea, “Why don’t you contact your sect masters here in Heaven Wasteland Domain using your secret technique and ask the Greater One Sect experts to come here?”

Lin Yi clenched his teeth and said angrily, “Cross-domain communication is not such an easy thing, with our ability it is not possible. If we could, we would have notified the elders of the sect to come here already. Would we have waited until now? Would we have been imprisoned by you? Moreover your domain cannot withstand the power of Heaven Ascension, even if the true top experts of our sect arrives, their strength will be limited.”

Lin Zheng slightly lowered his head when he heard this.

He had communicated with the evil spirits of other domains before, although they were only using each other, he also knew that it was extremely difficult to communicate with powers outside the domain. Otherwise the surviving powers of the sect era would have contacted with their race, would they have waited until now?

There was already a decision in Ye Qingyu’s heart.

“Okay, I’ll leave with you.” He looked to Lin Yi.

When Lin Yi heard what was said he instantly breathed a sigh of relief. “This is undoubtedly the most correct choice. Brother Ye is young and gifted, and is a rare genius. I believe that when the elders of the Greater One Sect see you, they would treat you differently, and may accept you into the sect. At that time we will be fellow disciples.”

Ye Qingyu smiled and said nothing.

He may not be willing to enter the Greater One Sect.

“This...” Lin Zheng said hesitatingly, “Palace Lord Ye, you have to consider carefully, don’t take the risk.”

“Yes, Palace Lord Ye, please reconsider this,” Qu Hanshan added.

“Hmph, I too do not believe in these Greater One Sect disciples, who knows what’s on the mind of these spoiled fellows,” Old Commander Li Guangbi said frankly.

“Lord, they are right, you must reconsider.” Gao Han also tried to persuade him.

Ye Qingyu looked at the crowd, and said with a smile, “I obviously understand everyone’s good intentions, but since things have come to this, I must do so. I have the curse mark, this is the best solution. If I stay, it would cause endless trouble to Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

Although he was smiling, he said each and every word resolutely.

Anyone that was familiar with Ye Qingyu would know that when he used this tone of voice, he had made up his mind and would not change it.

……

Because of the presence of the curse mark, and also for the safety of Heaven Wasteland Domain, Ye Qingyu and the other people must leave within a day to avoid the Demon Spider Race again following the curse mark to find the coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Everything came too suddenly and too hurriedly.

There were many things that Ye Qingyu did not have time to arrange before he leaves.

Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling’er and the other people naturally had to stay behind. Although they were reluctant to part with him, they knew that, if they insisted on following him, they not only would not help Ye Qingyu, but also would become a burden to him.

Ximen Yeshui, Wen Wan, and Gao Han also insisted to follow him, but Ye Qingyu persuaded against it. Firstly, it was because the [Light Palace] needed masters to keep watch and secondly... although these people were a lot stronger than Bai Yuanxing, facing against the experts of the Demon Spider Race, they most likely would not be of much help.

Most of all, this time Ye Qingyu was gambling on luck. The future was uncertain, and he did not want them to encounter any danger.

Dugu Quan, Ouyang Buping and Lin Baiyi also came upon receiving the news. Knowing that they could not persuade Ye Qingyu, they gifted him with many protecting objects instead. He may not necessarily use them, but these were all their kind intentions so Ye Qingyu accepted them and taught the true meaning of some ancient characters to the Divine Doctor and the Pill God.

Lin Zheng, Qu Hanshan, Li Guangbi, Yu Feiyan, and even First Princess Yu Junqing, one after another, came to see Ye Qingyu to try to persuade him. In the end they each gifted him with some treasures and other things.

But throughout, Yu Junhan and Yu Xiaoxing had not showed up, which was somewhat unusual.

Yu Junhan had disappeared for some days, and her whereabouts were unknown.

Yu Xiaoxing met up with Ye Qingyu the day before, but for some reason she still hasn’t appeared today.

After everything had been arranged, Ye Qingyu and the Greater One Sect disciples came to the Central Domain Gate together.

Lin Yi and the several Greater One Sect disciples were examining the heavenly walls of the Domain Gate and seemed to have determined something.

Lin Zheng came over, handing a jade object to Ye Qingyu.

“Her highness left this behind and told me to give it to you in a critical time, I think it is the time now. The things inside may explain some of the questions that you have in your mind. When you have time, take a closer look.”

The Her Highness that Lin Zheng mentioned was obviously Yu Junhan.

Ye Qingyu was slightly surprised.

Could there be other reasons why Yu Junhan was not seen these days?

As he was pondering things over, the Central Domain Gate suddenly opened again, and the space rippling water mirror reappeared, flickering in the middle of the giant gate.

“Yes, yes I’ve found the place!”

One of the Greater One Sect disciples roared with excitement.

“Finally we can leave, quickly go.”

“When we return to Clear River Domain, we must contact the sect masters first.”

The Greater One Sect disciples seemed very hurried.

It was evident that the looming crisis in Heaven Wasteland Domain and the arrival of the Demon Spider Race had made them extremely uneasy.

“Brother Ye, time is pressing, let’s go now,” Li Yi urged.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He turned around and came to the edge of the earth fire sword pit, storing the [Cloud Top Cauldron] into the dantian world.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] was not yet refined, it was just missing a crucial moment.  There should be another opportunity to refine it.

After a pause, Ye Qingyu carried the silly dog Little Nine who was fast asleep before he turned around and bid farewell to everyone. Then together with Lin Yi and the others walked through the central domain door, which was now in an open state.

“Farewell for now, Heaven Wasteland Domain. I will definitely return. I will enter the Imperial Ancestral Temple again, to find out the mystery of my life. I will absolutely discover just what is the relationship between Yu Junhan, the War God and me.”

As he stepped through the Domain Gate, Ye Qingyu cast another glance behind and secretly vowed in his heart.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 491:


Chapter 511, First time entering Clear River domain

“Success, success, the spirit lamp flashed, which indicates that it has already received a reply from the sect.”

A thin Greater One Sect disciple named Huang Xin who was controlling the Heaven Wasteland Domain’s heavenly walls to send everyone to Clear River Domain an hour ago, had spent more than half an hour to cast the secret technique. Watching the oil lamp gradually light up, he couldn’t help shouting out in excitement.

The other disciples were also beaming with joy when they heard him.

“Great, we’ve finally contacted the elders.”

“Haha, when the experts of Greater One Sect arrives, we do not need to fear the Demon Spider Race. At worst we battle them again, all these years, our Greater One Sect has had many disputes with the Demon Spider Race. Our skin has already been torn, there is no need to fear this demon clan.” “

“Now that you mention it, we have killed a Prince of the Demon Spider Race. This is a great achievement, we should be greatly rewarded once we return. Hehe, I want to ask master to let me cultivate the yuan qi mantra [Greater One Great Mantra]. I will very soon be able to reach Heaven Ascension boundary.”

“It’s not that simple. [Greater One Great Mantra] is one of the treasured martial arts of our Greater One Sect, it is profound and difficult to comprehend. Only geniuses can practice in it. Your aptitude is too poor, even if you receive the mantra you are unable to master it. It’s better to request master to reward you with a life Dao weapon, your fighting strength would instantly soar as a result of this.”

“Yes, our life weapons have been destroyed by those lower domain barbarians, we have to search for something suitable again.”

The Greater One Sect disciples could not help shifting their gaze over at Ye Qingyu.

Evidently, these arrogant and spoiled people, who lost to Ye Qingyu in the conflict in Heaven Wasteland Domain, were still a little resentful. They were still holding a grudge for the fact that they have become prisoners.

When they left Heaven Wasteland Domain and returned to Clear River Domain, their minds loosened up.

But thinking of Ye Qingyu’s frightening strength, the Greater One Sect disciples did not have the courage to provoke him. They just glared at him with unfriendly eyes, occasionally said some deliberate ambiguous words from a distance and dared not start a head-on conflict.

But the Ye Qingyu at this time simply had not time to deal with them.

“This is Clear River Domain?”

Ye Qingyu stood on top of a boulder, gazing into the distance and observing the surroundings.

An hour ago, he and these Greater One Sect disciples together came to Clear River Domain through the Central Domain Gate.

It was his first time in a domain other than Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Looking around, the surroundings were all dense forests, like it was an uninhabited place. He could not see the edge, and there were only giant trees that have been growing for many years in this land, piercing towards the vault of heaven like deep green swords. The thinner tree trunks require dozens of people to wrap their arms around to fully encircle them, while the thicker trunks would need more than a hundred people. From a distance, it looked as if the trees were a green overhanging mountain, grand and magnificent.

The continuous rolling hills were like the waves of an ocean.

Ye Qingyu could distinctly sense a demonic aura that did not exist in Heaven Wasteland Domain, curling up in the air between the sky and this land. Among the atmosphere, there was an extremely strong heaven and earth yuan qi. As he breathed in and out, the heaven and earth yuan qi was drawn into the chest and stomach, which was comparable to the result of cultivating in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In the dark green shadows of the distant mountains, there were occasionally tigers growling and dragons roaring, shaking the world, like a tsunami.

Between the sky and ground, clouds rolled across.

Occasionally there was a huge shadow cast on the ground, drifting by quickly. It was a giant bird, thousands of meters long, flying past, its frightening cry filling the sky. At first glance it

looked like a flying island.

An hour ago, Ye Qingyu saw a strange electric eel-shaped flying beast, covered with azure blue lightning, like a Fiendgod, sweeping past. As it passed by, millions of beast were frozen in fear, but as it flew over tens of miles, a sky dog leaped out from a thousand-meter-high mountain launching a sudden attack, biting at its head, and inflicting severe injuries to the strange flying beast...

As these two giant creatures battled against each other, he did not know many mountains had collapsed, lightning ignited the forest, it was like a disaster that would destroy the world. Ye Qingyu could feel his heart pounding as he watched, which was like a scene in the myths of the God and Devil Age, and should not exist in the world.

Finally, the electric eel-shaped flying beast was swallowed by the sky dog, and the sky dog that sustained heavy injuries during the struggle went into hiding at a demon mountain more than 50 miles away to digest its food and to rest.

“This is simply a land of primordial chaos.”

Ye Qingyu’s mind was wavering.

For some reason, he was not only unafraid, but there was an eager feeling, like a fish diving in a vast ocean and birds soaring in the boundless sky.

A world like that was the territory where a great man could truly run unhindered.

Before, in Heaven Wasteland Domain, entangled in the internal strife of Snow Empire, his horizon was only of one domain, his mindset was unable to improve and be upgraded, and his spirit was not high. At this very moment there was a sudden thought which flashed in his mind: ‘this is the world that I should explore’.

At this time, Lin Yi and another Greater One Sect disciple came over.

Once he came to Clear River Domain, among the Greater One Sect disciples, only Lin Yi remained very friendly to Ye Qingyu.

“Brother Ye, the place we are at now is known as the Heavenly Gate, a training zone shared by the hundreds of races of Clear River Domain, which preserves the primordial areas with demonic nature at the beginning of the birth of Clear River Domain. The most original colour of the sky and ground, and the laws and species of the God and Devil Age. There are many great ancient lost species. This is considered a hunting ground that is controlled by the major forces and large sects of Clear River Domain. Every 10 years, it would open once- training, picking, fighting and killing, everything depending on fortune.”

Lin Yi explained with a smile.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

So that was it.

“In this Heavenly Gate hunting ground which spanned across tens of thousands of miles, the deepest is the most dangerous. It is rumoured that even deities are going to fall if they enter. We are now in the intermediate area, the risk is relatively less.” Lin Yi smiled. “Our luck is not bad, junior brother Huang Xin is skilled in space rune formation, and has contacted the elders of our sect, and lit the [Greater One Spirit Lamp]. According to the brightness of the lamp, in another five days, the experts of the sect will be able to come.”

Ye Qingyu said with a smile, “In five days? Aren’t you afraid of the Demon Spider Race arriving first?

Lin Yi replied, “Junior brother Huang Xin had set up some isolation formation, which can temporarily block the Demon Spider Race from sensing the curse. If everything goes well, we can last 5 days’ time.” As he explained, he handed over a leather paper formation. “Brother Ye, this is the isolation formation, carry it on you and it can greatly isolate the aura of the curse mark.”

Ye Qingyu received the leather paper, carefully observing it for a moment.

This leather paper should be made from the skin of some kind of divine beast. It was heavy, like a block of iron, and above there was a scarlet red formation pattern, a formation that masked aura.

He kept this leather skin by his side, and expressed his thanks, and then his eyes suddenly fell on the Greater One Sect disciple next to Lin Yi, slightly startled.

Ye Qingyu had seen this Greater One Sect disciple before in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He has a photographic memory, but in his mind, it seemed that he had not seen this young disciple before him.

And the young disciple’s appearance was vaguely familiar.

“You are...” Suddenly a very familiar fragrance drifting over to Ye Qingyu’s nose. He immediately realized something, his eyes wide with disbelief. “You... why are you here too?”

The young disciple was also avoiding Ye Qingyu’s gaze, but seeing that there was no place to hide, she simply straightened out her body, casually wiped her face, wiped away the human skin-like mask and other things, revealing a beautiful and pure face, and said grinning, “Cousin if you can come, why can’t I come here?”

Who else besides the Crown Princess of Snow Empire Yu Xiaoxing?

Looking flabbergasted, Ye Qingyu sputtered, “You actually mixed in with the Greater One Sect disciples... You’re causing trouble, you are the Crown Princess of Snow Empire, you slipped away from Heaven Wasteland Domain, bringing danger to yourself, what about the empire and military affairs, who is going to deal with them when you’re gone?”

Yu Xiaoxing burst out laughing, and then pulled a face. “Haha, what empire and military affairs, what does it have to do with a little girl? I do not want to be the Crown Princess anymore. Even the Imperial throne of the Snow Empire cannot stand in comparison with cousin. Last time I couldn’t keep you behind, this time I must follow you.”

Ye Qingyu felt he was being harassed.

“Who taught you to speak like that?” Ye Qingyu was irritated.

“Hehe, it is Aunt,” Yu Xiaoxing said proudly. “You didn’t expect it right, Hehe, anyway, I thought about it, everything else doesn’t matter to me, since I will follow you anyway...”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

“Wait a moment, don’t say a word, wait, let me vomit first, listening to you, I suddenly want to vomit...” Ye Qingyu turned his face away with a look of disgust.

He felt that he almost had no way to communicate with Yu Xiaoxing.

This was not how this kid used to be.

But Yu Xiaoxing was not angry at all, looked at him while grinning, “Cousin, even when vomiting, you’re so handsome.”

Ye Qingyu fell down.

Yu Xiaoxing looked immensely proud of herself. What Aunt taught her had really worked, and there was nothing that cousin could do.

Ye Qingyu no longer paid attention to this girl.

The appearance of Yu Xiaoxing had completely disrupted Ye Qingyu’s plan.

He had planned to separate from these Greater One Sect disciples once he enters Clear River Domain. Deep down, Ye Qingyu still did not believe in these people of the Greater One Sect. He had some means of protecting himself, but now... for the safety of Yu Xiaoxing, after a brief thought, Ye Qingyu finally decided to stay.

After a moment.

“We need to get out of here.” Lin Yi came running over. “We need to constantly change places in order to avoid the Demon Spider Race. With the [Greater One Spirit Lamp] the sect elders can track where we are and come find us...”

Before his voice faded.

Rumble.

The ground began to tremble.

A plume of jet-black smoke shot up, and the distant towering giant trees were like grass stems, snapping off and collapsing with a loud rumble.

Huge waves were suddenly set off from the sea of deep green forest.

A series of dark giant green figures, like bolts of lightning, shot over toward the crowd.

Evil qi filled the sky.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 492:


Chapter 512, The will of the people

“What's the situation?”

Ye Qingyu’s expression slightly changed, taking one step forward and calmly shielding Yu Xiaoxing.

“Bad, its the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf, and a pack...quickly run!” Lin Yi’s complexion abruptly changed greatly at one glance, revealing the colour of fear. “In the heavenly gate training grounds, the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf is not considered the strongest demon beast, but it is definitely the most difficult race to deal with, they are unafraid of death...”

As he was speaking, the other disciples had begun to retreat.

“Don’t activate yuan qi, these beasts are most sensitive to the fluctuations of yuan qi of the Human Race...” someone warned.

As the disciples of a large sect of Clear River Domain, they have a profound understanding of the dangers of heavenly gate training grounds, and know how to deal with every demonic creature.

The Demon Wind-Winged Wolf was a mutation of the spirit beast of the God and Devil Age, and it is said that the descendant of the blue wolf corps of the Demon Clan was physically huge, born with wings and galloped like the wind, and the ground and sky was its hunting ground.

The crowd gathered quickly, then retreated into the stone forest in the distance.

Ye Qingyu was protecting Yu Xiaoxing, walking at the back of the crowd.

In the distance.

The crowd of blue black shadows was very fast, like flashes of dark lightning, arriving at the low altitude above their heads in the blink of an eye.

A demonic aura was filling the air.

Ye Qingyu glanced up while running, and couldn’t help clicking his tongue in amazement.

The entire body of the Demon Wind-Winged Wolves was blue grey, very similar to the colour of the trees of the forest sea, and were at least three meters long. Its body was strong and muscular, like a dragon and horse. The mane on its back was like iron, its four limbs were short, and its tail was big and fluffy. As they were flying, they were skillfully controlling the direction like the helm of a ship.

In addition, the wolf’s body was surrounded by rotating wind blades.

Of course, the thing that surprised Ye Qingyu the most was that the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf’s aura was extremely terrifying, swallowing and spitting wind blades that contained the power of law, which was comparable to high level Bitter Sea stage experts.

No wonder these Greater One Sect disciples who were as arrogant as an emperor would be so afraid and actively fled.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

The giant wolf’s figure was like a bolt of lightning, flitting across the low altitude, seemingly endless.

The terrifying aura made all living creatures tremble, and even the worms in the grass curled up, shivering.

Fortunately, these demon creatures, for some reason, seemed uninterested in the crowd on the ground that were hiding. Instead they just swiftly passed by and did not actively attack.

But, an accident very soon inevitably appeared.

“Bad, it’s attacking me... It’s going to kill me.” “

A gloomy-looking Greater One Sect disciple howled.

He evidently had not seen such a scene, trembling with fear, and at a loss for what to do.

A huge wind blade that a giant Demon Wind-Winged Wolf casually gushed out had sliced through a stone pillar at his side, soil and stone falling, but him who was in a tense state, because of fear or anger, instinctively threw a backhand sword slash.

“Don’t...”

Lin Yi, upon seeing this scene, turned ghostly pale with fright, screaming at him to stop, but it was already too late.

Boom!

Pure yuan sword qi, like a blade, struck right at a Demon Wind-Winged Wolf, causing a vibrating force that sent it knocking into its companion.

The blow immediately seemed like it had stirred a hornet’s nest.

The originally ‘passing’ Demon Wind=Winged Wolves, immediately like hornets whose   nest had been stabbed by a stick, plunged into a state of extreme rage. The giant wolf that was attacked roared and stabilized its body before swooping down fast.

Before it neared the ground, it opened its mouth launching a series of shower-like wind blades.

“Be careful!”

“Damn!”

“Idiot, why did you mess with it.”

After a series of cursing, Greater One Sect disciples howled as they evaded the attacks, speeding toward the stone forest.

The space within the stone forest was narrow, and there were many rocks, crevices, and caves, but there they could avoid the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf’s endless stream of attacks.

Ye Qingyu, along with Yu Xiaoxing, were also bolting.

He seemed a lot more relaxed.

Ye Qingyu was surprised to see that, the wind blade that the demon creatures shot out from their mouth were a light green jade-like colour, but there was a strange natural rune chain circling around, containing a frightening power. This was the reason that he felt a power of laws before.

The destructive power of a Demon Wind-Winged Wolf alone was, of course, not enough to thoroughly threaten the Greater One Sect disciples, but when dozens and hundreds of them dove down together to attack and kill, the Greater One Sect disciples ran for their life at once

Very soon someone was wounded.

And blood was obviously the catalyst that made the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf crazy.

“Damn it.” One of the disciples was wounded on his shoulder blade. The cut, which was deep as the bones, was pouring out blood, and four or five Demon Wind-Winged Wolves were surrounded him.

“Set up the sword formation,” someone yelled.

But the scene was already a mess, who would stop and stand in battle formation?

Ye Qingyu shook his head at the sight.

These Greater One Sect disciples really were flowers of a greenhouse. They had strength, but not the courage to match that strength. Once a situation was not going their way, they would immediately become a group of headless flies.

“Ah, no...” a disciple screamed tragically. His one arm was bitten off by a giant wolf, and was about to be killed.

Ye Qingyu finally made a move.

Bang!

He kicked out with a very exquisite and skilful strength, sending a huge rock at the side of his foot flying out, as fast as a shooting star, smashing right into the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf that was attacking one of the disciples.

Just how terrifying was the power of Ye Qingyu?

Before the Demon Wind-Winged Wolf could let out a anguished howl, amid the sound of bones shattering into pieces, it had disintegrated into a pile of flesh, glued to the rock, and was sent flying away with the rock, continuously smashing into two other companions...

Three Demon Wind-Winged Wolves were instantly dead.

The disciple whose arm was severed screamed out in panic, and did not even say a word of thanks, directly turning around and fleeing into the stone forest...

“Coward.” Yu Xiaoxing could not stand it anymore.

In a flash.

Ye Qingyu and her also dashed to the edge of the stone forest.

Perhaps because of the fact that he had killed three Demon Wind-Winged Wolves at once, the other demon wolves had turned crazy, charging at Ye Qingyu as though unafraid of dying, roaring in rage, and fighting to the last breath.

“You... don’t come in here. Get lost.”

A Greater One Sect disciple hiding in the stone forest yelled at Ye Qingyu.

“You bring bad luck, you attracted the Demon Wind-Winged Wolves and killed the demon wolf. Do you want to bring the herd of beast in to kill us?” The Greater One Sect disciple whose arm was severed off, said fiercely, “Go, get lost!”

Ye Qingyu stopped suddenly.

“Say that again?” Paying no attention to the pack of wolves that were frantically charging forward, Ye Qingyu’s mouth was curved coldly, glaring at the Greater One Sect disciple and asking loudly.

As he was speaking.

Bang Bang Bang!

Countless wind blades had struck his back.

Fragments of clothing scattered in the wind.

The countless wind blades were like water waves hitting steel, collapsing at once, leaving not the slightest mark on his body.

With Ye Qingyu’s present physical strength, even the eruption of black demonic barbs issued by a Demon Spider Race expert could not penetrate his skin, let alone such a wind blade?

Ye Qingyu swung a clawed backhand.

The other dozens of wind blades were crushed in his hand.

“Take good care of her for me.” He gently pushed Yu Xiaoxing into the stone forest, over to Lin Yi’s side.

As he was doing all this, Ye Qingyu’s eyes were still fixed on the Greater One Sect disciple with the broken arm, waiting for his answer.

The disciple met Ye Qingyu’s steel knife-like gaze, quivered, and no longer dared say a word.

Other Greater One Sect disciples also reacted at this moment. The demon king before them was more frightening than the Demon Wind-Winged Wolves. Each and every one of them kept their mouth shut.

“A bunch of trash... you are not worth me killing you.”

Ye Qingyu cast a disdainful glance at this group of people, and then suddenly turned, facing the Demon Wind-Winged WWolves that were frantically charging over.

Boom!

He punched out.

A terrifying power erupted in the air, that even the air barrier trembled under such strength. The space ripple flickered and the invisible fist images streaked across the void like a divine sword.

Che!Che!Che!



Blood spatter and bones shot out in all directions.

Tens of Demon Wind-Winged Wolves were in an instant smashed to pieces in this explosive fist. Before they could produce a tragic howl, they collapsed like dumplings...

There were dozens of Demon Wind-Winged Wolves that had only grazed the fist storm and were seriously injured, or broke their black wings, or even their bones.

Tragic screams resounded through the air.

“What?”

“This... is really the power that a human possesses?”

“How can someone’s cultivation be so scary?”

Behind the stone forest, the group of Greater One Sect disciples were completely frozen in shock.

Demon Wind-Winged Wolves were not only fast and had strong destructive power, their skin was rough and their flesh was thick, and between their skin and bones was an innate demon wind rune. They can be called having a steel-like body and even a peak level treasure weapon may not necessarily dismember them...

Ye Qingyu’s punch made both their mind and heart tremble.

“Kill!”

Ye Qingyu leaped high up, charging straight into the pack of wolves.

Because of the threat of the Demon Spider Race and the safety of Yu Xiaoxing, Ye Qingyu could not attack those stupid Greater One Sect disciples who repaid kindness with hatred, and could only vent his killing intent on this group of Demon Wind-Winged Wolves.

Fist wind vibrated.

Leg shadows like lightning.

As Ye Qingyu soared up, countless Demon Wind-Winged Wolves were sent flying out like sandbags, and then directly dropped onto the ground, their breathing having stopped.

The Demon Wind-Winged Wolves that move unhindered throughout heavenly gate training zone, that comes and goes like the wind, that were feared by countless martial artists, it was only at this moment that they had really met their nemesis.

Their attacks could not cause the slightest harm to their opponent, and their defense under their opponents frightening power was like paper.

In less than one hour, hundreds of Demon Wind-Winged Wolves had fallen.

The less than 100 remaining all fled in panic.

“They... are running away...”

“The Demon Wind-Winged Wolf was known to be unafraid of death, it is said that even if only one remains, they would not fear, but this time they unexpectedly fled...”

“More than 400 Demon Wind-Winged Wolves are dead, yet that person with the surname Ye only had his clothes torn a little. There is such a huge gap between them, obviously those beast that are unafraid of death would retreat.”

The Greater One Sect disciples could not believe their eyes. They came running out from the stone forest one after another.

But when their gaze swept across the floor of wolf corpses, the shock flickering within their eyes, gradually turned to greed.

In the heavenly gate training zone there were genius and treasures everywhere.

The Demon Wind-Winged Wolf was one of them.

Their skin and bones were top materials for armours and weapons, and their wings also have great uses. If sold in other domains, a pair of wings of an adult Demon Wind-Winged Wolf can be exchanged for a spirit weapon, or a considerable amount of Origin crystal.

The most important thing was that, within the body of Demon Wind-Winged Wolf, there was a treasure called [Endowment Bone Demon Source], which was comparable to God-level Origin crystal. There was no market price for this and it was extremely precious in Clear River Domain.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

