Chapter 485:


By the time Ye Qingyu got out of the prison cell, Gao Han was already waiting outside.

“Lord, it has been confirmed that there are curse marks of the Demon Spider Race on the other Greater One Sect disciples. There is an evil aura, and the demonic nature is rising. It does not seem to be fake, Minister Lin Zheng had also carefully compared the statements before. Now we can say for certain that Lin Yi really did not tell any lies.”

Gao Han carefully reported his findings again.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

“Well, what to do next, I will leave it to the two ministers and the Old Commander.”

Ye Qingyu did not want to intervene in the affairs of Snow Empire.

When he returned to the [Light Palace], he spent an hours time on giving advice to Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling’er and the others on their martial arts, and then went off training.

One day later.

[Silver Eagle] of the former [13 Cold-Blooded Eagles] of the Right Minister’s residence, along with two bodyguards, came to visit.

“[Silver Eagle]?”

Ye Qingyu was slightly startled upon hearing Gao Han’s message.

The [13 Cold-Blooded Eagles] were well-known experts of the Right Minister’s residence, although this reputation was not that good. At the battle of Light City, the 13 Eagles had paid a heavy price, and now only [Silver Eagle] himself was alive.

Logically speaking, the thirteen people of the [13 Cold-Blooded Eagles] were as close as like they were one person and were known as the most loyal 13 experts of Right Minster, so to [Silver Eagle], Ye Qingyu was the enemy that killed his brothers and he should not come visit.

“Invite him in.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, a trace of curiosity appearing on his face.

Back when foreign races brought chaos to the Snow Empire, countless human heroes came forward to suppress the arrogance of the foreign races. It was an event that made the Human Race all fired up, and [Silver eagle] was part of it.

During the battle of Light City, [Silver Eagle] was luckily outside the Imperial capital fighting against the commanders of foreign races and was not in the Imperial capital, so he did not participate in the massacre. After the event, he returned to the Imperial capital, and returned to the minister’s mansion.

Ye Qingyu had also heard of [Silver Eagle’s] heroic deeds. Although it was a little awkward to meet in this kind of occasion, to meet this young talented genius [Silver Eagle] of the minister’s residence was also something that Ye Qingyu had always looked forward to.

After a short period of time.

Gao Han came in with a young man.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to look, and could not help but sigh in appreciation in his heart. He really did not disappoint the name of [Silver Eagle]. He was referred by others with the words “His one body clad in silver like snow, his two white light swords transforming into dragons, his three eagles flying throughout the whole empire, the fourth order of the residence suppressing the entire Heaven Wasteland.”. He was a peerless genius.

This young man was handsome and elegant, clad in a silver armour that was untainted by even a speck of dust. His brows were shaped like a sword, his eyes dazzling like stars, a grecian nose, and his face was bright. He was absolutely a rare handsome man, almost like a man that had walked out of a painting.

Not only was he handsome, his aura was as stable as a deep pool, as majestic as a mountain. As he slowly came over, he gave a feeling that he was not from this world.

Of course, what Ye Qingyu found the most strange about [Silver Eagle] was that his forehead was actually a little similar to himself. Not only his appearance, but even his cultivation aura was extremely similar. If someone was not particularly familiar with Ye Qingyu, it really was possible to mix up [Silver Eagle] and Ye Qingyu.

So for a moment, Ye Qingyu had a feeling that he was looking in the mirror.

The only difference was that [Silver Eagle’s] manner was more gentle and feminine, and did not have a masculine aura like Ye Qingyu.

“Palace Lord Ye.”

[Silver Eagle] slightly bowed. He was neither humble nor disrespectful.

But in that very moment, in the depths of his eyes, there was a hint of astonishment. It was evidently because of his similarities with Ye Qingyu that made him feel surprised.

“Let’s forego formalities.” Ye Qingyu gestured with his hand.

[Silver Eagle] stood straight with a calm look on his face as he said, “By order of Right Minister, I came to deliver something for Palace Lord Ye. I ask Palace Lord Ye to accept it.”

As he spoke, he spread his hand wide, a jade green box emerging in his hand. He cupped his hands together, sending it over to the front of Ye Qingyu.

Startled, Ye Qingyu took the box, opened the lid, and as soon as he saw the inside there was a stunned look of surprise across his face.

Because the contents inside the box was astonishingly the natural endowment bone of a fully grown blood vine that Lin Yi a Greater One Sect disciple brought out the day before.

“Minister said that he had not had the time to award people according to their contributions in the Battle of Light City. Lord has performed exceptionally meritorious services, he had a discussion with His Majesty and Crown Prince his highness, and had decided to reward the natural endowment bone to Palace Lord,” [Silver Eagle] explained clearly.

Ye Qingyu appeared to be absorbed in deep thought for several moments, before he finally no longer decline and accepted the jade box along with the object inside.

“Since Palace Lord has accepted the jade box, my mission is completed, I will take my leave now.”

Ye Qingyu also did not urge him to stay longer.

Gao Han, on behalf of Ye Qingyu, escorted him to the door.

.

Ye Qingyu took out the natural endowment bone that was sealed in a Divine-level origin crystal from the jade box, and carefully fiddled with it and examined it for a moment, his heart was suddenly pounding.

“In the Divine weapons section of the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], there is a divine weapon known as [Blood Drinker Sword], which is incomparably marvelous. The core material used to refine a [Blood Drinker Sword] is similar to this natural endowment bone of the blood vine. I wonder if I can take this as a substitute to refine a [Blood Drinker Sword]?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 486:


The [Blood Drinker Sword] was one of the titled divine weapons within the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. The toughness and sharpness of it naturally did not need to be mentioned. Its initial strength could already be compared to a Dao tool. Furthermore, as it was nourished even more by the wielder, the classification of it would also gradually increase along with nourishment.

But this was not the most mysterious part of the [Blood Drinker Sword].

The mysterious power of the [Blood Drinker Sword] lay in the fact that it could unendingly drain the blood, qi, and power of the enemy during the clash of battle. It would then transform into blood, qi, and power that belonged to the wielder, constantly healing  and recovering any injury they had sustained.

To speak a little more exaggeratingly, if one wielded the [Blood Drinker Sword], no matter how you did battle with the enemy, as long as there was not too great a realm of cultivation between you, you would be undefeatable.

Especially for someone like Ye Qingyu, who solely relied on physical power to do battle, the effect of this [Blood Drinker Sword] was not in any way less than a divine weapon.

Facing the threat of the Demon Spider Race from Clear River Domain, if he had the [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hands, Ye Qingyu's confidence would become much stronger.

Placing the blood vine endowment bone within the divine-level Origin crystal in his hands for a brief moment, Ye Qingyu summoned the [Cloud Top Cauldron] with a thought.

These days, after reading the scenes from the interior of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu had constantly increased his understanding towards this treasure as well as refining his spirit. This was especially so for the hundred and eight ancient characters. Ye Qingyu could already comprehend the first twenty-four characters, and could basically control the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to refine pills as well as weapons.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was currently the size of a fist. It was floating above Ye Qingyu's palm, swirling and rotating. It was emitting a faint bronze golden splendour, taking in and sending out mist.

It was many, many times more bright and resplendent than what it was like when it first landed in Ye Qingyu's hands.

Ye Qingyu's heart willed.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] floated to the center of the [Light Palace]. It enlarged with the wind. In the blink of an eye, it had turned massive, turning into a three legged cauldron four or five meters high. It landed lightly on the ground.

The lid of the cauldron floated up.

With a flick of Ye Qingyu's hand, there was a faint silver red glimmer that appeared, falling into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

“Seize!”

Ye Qingyu shouted loudly. His palms were in front of his chest, his fingers constantly changing positions, letting out hand seals. This was namely one of the ancient characters out of the hundred and eight ancient characters.

As the hand seal formed, the ancient character appeared from Ye Qingyu’s palm and flew out, landing on the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Bang!

The lid closed.

Ye Qingyu's hands constantly changed, the hand seal changing and forming another ancient character.

"Seal!”

Ye Qingyu let out a low shout, an ancient character appearing once again.

This time, the ancient character also landed on the body of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Rumble.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] began slightly vibrating.

Ye Qingyu dared not be careless. Both his hands split apart, his left and right palm lightly pushing out. Then his left hand and right hand, with each a strange curve of arc and lines, formed hand seals. There were more ancient characters that appeared.

This time, the two ancient characters did not escape from his hands.

It only consolidated in his palm, emitting a mysterious power.

“Examine!”

“Govern!”

There were big beads of sweat dripping from Ye Qingyu's forehead. Biting his teeth, with his left palm at his eyes and his right palm at his head, there were two ancient characters that appeared above and below. The 'Govern' character was at his head while the 'Examine' character was at his head, in front of his face.

After everything had been accomplished, only then could Ye Qingyu let out a breath of relief.

Since all his yuan qi cultivation was currently imprisoned, it was hard to completely use his full power. Just then, just by activating the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and forming the ancient characters, he had already basically expended all the yuan qi in his body.

Ye Qingyu let out a long, relaxed breath.

There was divine light shooting out from amongst of his eyes. Through the effect of the ancient characters, he could clearly see through the walls of the the [Cloud Top Cauldron], seeing the scenes within.

The ancient character on his head also let out a divine light. It formed the connection between Ye Qingyu and the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

This was the plan he had thought up since his yuan qi had weakened like so.

If his yuan qi cultivation was still at the River Stage of the Bitter Sea, he would not need to have expended so much effort.

Through the divine light in both his eyes, he was able to see through the walls and the situation within.

The secrets of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was myriad and endless. There naturally was a mystery within its interior. The place that the blood vine endowment bone within the divine-level Origin crystal was placed was namely the area within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] where items were refined.

The divine-level Origin crystal rumbled, moving up and down. The sealing power within it was being dissolved bit by bit.

If one wanted to refine the blood vine endowment bone, one must first release the seal on the divine-level Origin crystal, then release it.

After observing for a period of time, Ye Qingyu could largely already estimate that if he wanted to get rid of the power of the seal on the divine-level Origin crystal completely, he would need approximately two days of time.

It was only that he no longer concerned himself with this.

With a thought.

The ancient bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart] floated above his palm.

Ever since Ye Qingyu had cultivated to a hundred Spirit springs and had entered into the River Stage of the Bitter Sea, there was already a large majority of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] that had been unsealed and could be read.

The three main categories that it was split into was [Titled Fiendgods], [Titled Divine Weapons] and [Titled Strange Objects] .The [Blood Drinker Sword] was in one of the pages within the book [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

Ye Qingyu had the intention to refine a blade of blood vine out. In the decisive page, he confirmed that there was no mistake made in the entire process.

According to the index of the book, he flipped to the page that had information regarding the [Blood Drinker Sword]. He began reading it character by character.

After constantly dwelling over the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] and pondering the hundred and eight ancient characters, Ye Qingyu's command of the characters of the God and Devil Age had already reached a high mastery. Looking over it, everything was clear.

Two hours later, Ye Qingyu had confidence.

He called Gao Han over, ordering him to carry out some matters.

Gao Han did not dare delay, turning and going about this immediately.

Ye Qingyu then took out the broken [Little Shang] sword, the [Beheading Wind] sword as well as the [Inexorable Spear] from the [Cloud Top Cauldron], all the weapons he had once used. He took them all out, and began carefully hitting it against each other with an unprecedentedly serious attitude. After observing it for a while, he finally reached a rough understanding in his heart.

Both his arms exerted force, his palm squeezing together. He suddenly compressed these weapons together, forming a roughly one meter wide metal ball. Then he threw it into the [Cloud Top Cauldron], opening a new refining space and began smelting it down.

Ye Qingyu’s slender body stood up, beginning to recite the ancient characters.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] suddenly shrunk. It ultimately turned into the size of a fist, spinning and rotating above his palm.

He walked out of the [Light Palace] and towards the earth fire sword pit.

When the Central Domain Gate was being born, there was an endless light being shot out from the sword pit that could not be regarded upon. But now that the Central Domain Gate had  been born, and the heavenly wall of the domain had appeared, the earth fire sword pit once again regained its former appearance.

Around the sword pit, there was very little fire trees. But they would once more regrow and flourish again.

The Divine General Gong, Gao Diping, was within the fire tree forest clearing up the leaves.

He was wearing coarse fabric clothing, his hair being bound by a piece of hemp rope. Although he had recovered his previous young state, he still remained silent. These days, apart from giving Ye Qingyu soundless greetings, he had never paid any attention or called to anyone of his initiative, as if he did not know how to speak at all.

The only exception were Jin Ling'er, Bai Yuanxing, Li Qi and Li Ying. He would occasionally give them a few pointers.

But just these few pointers alone was enough to make these four of the younger generation benefit greatly.

This time, when Ye Qingyu appeared at the edge of the earth fire sword pit, Gao Diping was still taking care of the fallen fire tree leaves. He only nodded his head to Ye Qingyu from far away.

Ye Qingyu nodded back, then jumped into the earth fire sword pit.

A scorching heat wave faced him.

But with the state of Ye Qingyu's current fleshly body, he paid no attention to this.

After descending roughly a hundred meters, Ye Qingyu stuck a fist that exploded against the stone walls of the sword pit. Half his arm was inserted into the wall, hanging his whole body on the stone wall.

When he lowered his head to look a thousand meters below, there was magma and lava bubbling and boiling. There were fallen boulders that had turned into liquid even before it had even entered into the underground lava.

Ye Qingyu approximated the temperature of the underground fire, as well as surveying in detail his surroundings.

In the middle of this underground lava, there was an eccentric shaped rock, that was able to withstand the scorching heat of the underground fire, not dissolving. It was like a reef in the river, able to stably remain within.

Amidst the scorching air, one could faintly sense a chaotic and muddled together aura of the five elements, as well as the faint scent of blood.

This was the leftover aura of all the exprets that had died in the earth fire sword pit after being lured in, in the battle that day.

That day, the experts of the other races, the experts of the sects, and the experts of the Jianghu, were all powerful characters. Even if they died, they were able to leave behind remnants of their own yuan qi and blood essence behind in such an environment.

It was a pity that greed had killed them.

Ye Qingyu descended like a grey eagle, landing on the black strangely shaped stone amidst the underground lava.

In such a scorching hot environment, even a expert at the peak of the Spirit spring stage  would instantly be incinerated into ashes.

Ye Qingyu's clothes on his body nearly immediately burned up.

But his incomparably strong fleshly body was not even harmed in the slightest.

Activating the true will of the ancient characters, he placed the [Cloud Top Cauldron] upon one of the flat areas of the strangely shaped rock. Then the cauldron turned big. In the blink of an eye, it turned into a three legged cauldron tens of meters high.

The lines around the body of the cauldron began flickering, and started unendingly absorbing the energy of the earth fire sword pit.

This was the objective Ye Qingyu had in coming to the earth fire sword pit.

His current yuan qi cultivation was weak, and he did not have the yuan qi power to activate the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to refine the [Blood Drinker Sword]. But if he was able to borrow the scorching heat within the earth fire sword pit to activate the [Cloud Top Cauldron], it could achieve the same effect.

Under the profoundness of the activation of the ancient characters, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was like a whale sucking in water. It began unendingly absorbing the scorching power from the earth fire.

Yong!Yong!Yong!

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] began vibrating.

After receiving sufficient energy, the speed at which it was able to release the seal of the divine-level Origin crystal constantly quickened.

Ye Qingyu did not dare tarry. Protecting by the side, he began controlling and observing it in detail.

In the blink of an eye, a day went by.

Above the earth fire sword pit, there was the voice of Gao Han sounding out, "Lord, the materials you require have already been prepared."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu was delighted. Shouting back, "Throw it down."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 487:


Ye Qingyu began refining the [Blood Drinker Sword] within the earth fire sword pit. He did not want too many people to know about this.

The main reasons for this was that, apart from this being a significantly important matter, Ye Qingyu did not want to expose the fact that he knew how to refine weapons currently. After all, whether it was the [Cloud Top Cauldron] or the [Fiendgod Tilted Chart], these were items that were far too important. Once it was exposed, the danger of owning such a treasure would bring trouble to him.

This was especially so after the Central Domain Gate had been opened. In the situation where the power of other domains were seeping in, Ye Qingyu had to be even more careful.

Above the earth fire sword pit.

Gao Han, after hearing Ye Qingyu's words to throw down the ingredients, was slightly hesitant.

After all, these were all ingredients that were rare and precious. They were hard to obtain. If he threw it like so down the earth fire sword pit, what would happen if ithey were  incinerated by the underground fire?

But after a slight hesitation, Gao Han still complied.

This was not only the fact that Ye Qingyu was his superior. The more important reason was that Ye Qingyu had already become a figure that was mighty and mysterious, as if there was nothing he could not do. As long as he followed Ye Qingyu's words, he would basically not be wrong.

His palm moving, a space storage metal flew out from Gao Han's hands. It floated above the earth fire sword pit. Then according to Ye Qingyu's request, all the rare materials that had been gathered were thrown down from above the sword pit.

All sorts of items began falling down like rain.

Within it, there were large quantities of Origin crystal. There were immortal metals, Ethyl Essence powder, Angelica ore, Emperor copper, Abyss metal, Geng heart soil, Blood wood etc. These were all rarely seen refining and smelting ingredients. Even many ancient wealthy families would be hard put to assemble such a variety of treasured divine materials.

A part of this was held within the treasures of the [Light Palace].

The other part was from the military department, and the stores of the Right Minister's residence.

In truth, when Ye Qingyu made Gao Han go to the Right Minister's residence and the military department to obtain such items, he did not really have any confidence in obtaining such items. Even in the entire empire, such divine and treasured materials were important strategic class resources. The Right Minister's residence and the military department should not so easily hand it over.

He did not imagine that after he had made Gao Han say such words, in less than four hours of time, the Right Minister's residence as well as the military department had already sent people to deliver such materials. Furthermore, there were even more than they had initially asked for.

……

The divine treasured materials that fell down from the sky, were like droplets of rain.

Ye Qingyu activated the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. Releasing a strange attracting force, all the divine treasured materials were absorbed within, without any being missed.

There were in total eight spaces within the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Each of these eight different spaces had a different use, all unique. Ye Qingyu had not completely grasped the use of each.

Such as the space that had imprisoned the large majority of Ye Qingyu's spirit. It's use was unknown and mysterious. Even today he was observing the interior walls of the cauldron, refining his spirit and strengthening his consciousness, but he still could not completely control it.

But as for the space used for smelting and refining tools and weapons, with the understanding that Ye Qingyu possessed today regarding the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he could already control it according to his own will.

He activated the ancient characters and further divided this refining space into sub spaces.

Apart from the space needed to refine the blood vine bone endowment bone, the fallen treasured materials were treated the same as the remnants of the [Little Shang] sword and all the other weapons. They were divided at the first instant according to what attribute of the five elements they belonged to, falling into different spaces to refine. This was the preparations that had to be made before the sword could be formed.

Smelting and refining was similar to cooking, it needed expert knowledge of the type of heat to be used.

Before the final blending of all these raw materials, one first needed to separate the worst from the best, and then gentlly refine it. Only then could a complete degree of integration be achieved, otherwise it would all be for naught. Forcefully integrating every material would only lead to a failure and cause the energy to explode within the material.

Although this was Ye Qingyu's first time refining a tool, but the methods and technique he had learnt to refine was not normal. The weapon he was creating was also a rarely seen weapon of the God and Devil Age. The preparations he had made beforehand were very full and in detail, so the whole process was like moving clouds and flowing water, without the slightest of mistake being made.

In the blink of an eye, a day passed by just like so.

The endowment bone of the blood vine that was sealed within that divine-class Origin crystal was finally released.

The instant it was released, there was a blood red light that exploded.

A powerful and utterly vicious bloodthirsty aura instantly exploded from the blood-coloured endowment bone. It madly began surging, wanting to break free from the constraints of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and escape.

The blood red light, was like a berserk vine. It let out demonic howl that entered through his every pore. Ye Qingyu saw this scene and could not help but be fearful.

It was only an endowment bone that had lost its body, and it was already so terrifying. One could imagine just how terrifying a fully grown and matured blood vine would be.

Lin Yi had said that a fully matured blood vine could even annihilate a Heaven Ascension stage expert. It seems like these were not false words.

For that young royal creature of the Demon Spider Race to be able to kill a matured blood vine. Although in the end, they were both injured, but it was finally able to receive the endowment bone of the blood vine. The power it must have held was enough to make one shiver. And this was evidently not the strongest existence amongst the Demon Spider Race. Just how terrifying was the power of the Demon Spider Race?

Ye Qingyu, gained an even more direct understanding of the enemies’ power.

The blood qi of the blood vine madly struck and struggled within the [Cloud Top Cauldron], wanting to escape. But it had after all lost it's main body, so it was hard to maintain this and keep up the struggle. No matter what, it could not escape. It then transformed into its original form, the size of a finger. Like a loach into water, it wanted to enter into space, breaking apart space and escaping...

But very quickly the walls of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] flashed, causing the blood vine to be knocked against the walls of the cauldron. No matter how it struggled, it could not escape.

After Ye Qingyu observed for a while, he began activating the technique of the ancient characters. He used it to operate the [Cloud Top Cauldron], once again borrowing the power of the earth fire sword pit to refine that blood vine endowment bone.

As long as he could completely refine it, this was one of the most important steps in creating the [Blood Drinker Sword].

Time flew by quickly.

Ye Qingyu always remained within the earth fire sword pit, having not departed.

In the blink of an eye, a day had passed yet again.

The endowment bone of the blood vine had finally been completely refined. The formation chain was extrated one by one, like a link of tightly clustered blood chains. It began floating aimlessly about in the cauldron, flickering with a translucent radiance. it was extremely beautiful and could be described as a masterpiece of creation.

The other treasured materials were also refined to a stage where it could be begun to be integrated with the other ingredients.

Ye Qingyu took a deep breath. According to the steps on the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], he began to lift away the subdivisions of the refining space. Using the [Little Shang] sword as the center, the [Beheading Wind] sword as the bones and the other divine metals, treasured materials as the flesh and body, he truly began refining and creating the [Blood Drinker Sword].

In the refining technique with the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] for the [Blood Drinker Sword], it did not have a set outer form from the [Blood Drinker Sword]. In this perspective, Ye Qingyu could casually design as he pleased. His initial thought was to have it as a sword-like form, exactly the same as the [Little Shang] sword, to cherish the memory of his departed parents.

The entire process of smithing the sword was more involved and complex than the process of refining the ingredients.

The hardest area was in the area of inscripting the formation inside the sword.

With Ye Qingyu’s current skill in formations, to want to completely inscribe the formations for the [Blood Drinker Sword] in such a short time was evidently slightly unrealistic. But because there was the existence of the formation chains that were extracted from the blood vine endowment bone, everything once again became possible.

The challenge that Ye Qingyu faced was to integrate the formation chains one after another from the blood vine endowment bone into the sword body of the [Blood Drinker Sword] that was being created. Ye Qingyu had to merge the two into one, giving the sword body a spirit.

This entire process, was somewhat difficult and slow.

Ye Qingyu could only do this bit by bit.

After who knows how long later, Ye Qingyu's consciousness finally began slowly retreating from within the [Cloud Top Cauldron]. An unprecedented weariness struck his whole body. His consciousness was like it was withered, and he could even sense a hunger that he had never felt before afflicting him.

But on his face, there was an uncontrollable smile that appeared.

Success.

The creation of the [Blood Drinker Sword] was already at the early stages of success.

In the refining space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron], a faintly red sword body had already formed. One could see that the body of the blade, like it was alive, expanded and contracted, beating just like a heart. It vibrated and moved slightly. The shape and outer exterior of it was largely similar to the [Little Shang] sword of the past, and it matched with Ye Qingyu's initial imagination and design.

"According to what is recorded on that page in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], it needs to be nourished and refined for another day or two before it can be taken out of the cauldron..."

After observing for a while, Ye Qingyu could finally rest assured.

From what it seemed like, his first refining experience seemed to have succeeded.

Standing up to stretch himself, Ye Qingyu decided to rest for a moment.

But at that time, a sudden sharp acute quaking was spread here. The entire earth fire sword pit began acutely shaking and the scorching hot lava was like it was a tsunami as it began to grow violent. Like an earthquake, the entire sword pit was moving.

"What happened?"

Ye Qingyu's complexion changed.

At that first instant, he began activating the remnants of the yuan qi in his body. All the fingers in both his hands were like brushes, continuing to write the eight ancient characters in the air, the 'Seal' characters. With a fierce push, the ancient characters pushed out, and all of them fell into the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

As long as he sealed the cauldron, the refinement of the blood sword would not be interrupted.

At nearly the same time, an utterly brutal aura began rising from the earth fire sword pit. It was as if some terrifyingly apocalyptic demon was about to descend. The ground began to fiercely shake, and what followed after that was vicious demonic howls. Like a hurricane, it began spreading about everywhere...

At this moment, Ye Qingyu finally realized what had happened.

The Demon Spider Race had truly descended.

There was a slight hesitation. Paying a glance at the [Cloud Top Cauldron] he ultimately decided to leave it behind there and continue to borrow the energy of the underground lava to refine the [Blood Drinker Sword]. Then both his legs exerted power. With a boom, his entire person was like a cannon that shot up, heading towards the ground.

When he was still about ten meters from the ground, one of his hands inserted into the stone wall. His body suddenly stopped, and then he took out new clothing from his storage ring and put it on. With a sudden exertion of force, he jumped to the ground.

The moment he landed on the ground, Ye Qingyu looked at the huge Central Domain Gate.

He was immediately dumbfounded.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 488:


The Central Domain Gate was already nearly hundreds of meters tall, and could be called a titanic object. But at this time, within the massive Domain Gate, there was a ripple in the air like a quicksilver mirror flickering. It seemed like there was some sort of massive thing attempting to come out.

It seemed like a massive black spear.

It was so massive that only a part of the spear was already thousands of meters long.

For such a weapon, it absolutely was like one of those apocalyptic demon king weapons in the legends.

Under such a comparison, the Central Domain Gate was somewhat miniscule. It was like a rotten and decayed wood door, as if at any moment it would be broken apart by that gigantic spear.

That gigantic spear, flickered with a black glimmer under the sunlight.

The body of the spear was large and stange. It was unknown what material it was constructed from, on the surface there were needle like thorns all around it. Between the crow black thorns, there were strange bright diagrams of all different sorts of colours.  From the diagrams  there was a demonic aura that was so strong and vicious that was emitted, it was like it was a real solid object, that it was currently destroying everything around it.

Boom!

The black spear struck the ground.

Every time it heavily struck the ground, the huge impact was as if the entire world was quaking.

Right now, Lin Zheng and the others could already sense this disturbance.

That Greater One Sect disciple called Lin Yi was also brought over. He had formation shackles on his hands and legs, and he stood behind Lin Zheng. Seeing such a scene, it was hard to disguise the huge horror and fear he felt on his face.

"Demon Spider Race.....The Demon Spider Race has descended."

He lost his composure and screeched. It was like he was a mother hen that had been frightened. Previously, he was prideful and calm, but right now he was shivering in fright. He turned around, wanting to flee.

Ye Qingyu, hearing this, was confused.

But very quickly, he suddenly understood what the situation was. With a face of surprise he looked towards the Central Domain Gate, as well as that black patterned huge black spear that extended out from the Domain Gate.

This was not a spear at all.

This was just... the leg of a spider.

Heavens, just how large would the spider have to be, that it would have such a massive leg?

For even just one leg to be terrifying. Then the Demon Spider on the other side of the Central Gate, it must be at least tens of thousands of meters high, an existence just like a vast towering mountain range?

It was merely a leg. It was like it was constructed from black molten iron, flickering with a fearful crow black light. So those thorns were the fur on the leg of the Demon Spider. They were sharp swords, enough to kill an adult.

"Stop it, quickly stop it. Don't let it pass through the Domain Gate." Lin Yi was under the control of two experts from the Imperial Guard and had no way of running away. He could only begin madly screaming, "Once the Demon Spider descends, your domain is finished.”

Those young Greater One Sect disciples were so scared their faces werelike the colour of soil. Their legs nearly weakened and bowed to the floor.

There were looks of contempt and disdain on the faces of the experts from the Snow Empire's Imperial army.

Lin Zheng did not have the time to divert his attention too such.

He waved his hand

The ten archers of the Imperial Guard shot out arrows from their longbows.

The strength of every one of the arches was at the peak of the Spirit spring stage. These were divine archers that were chosen amongst thousands. The bows held in their hands were formation strongbow's, and the arrows were formation armour piercing arrows. The arrows broke through the air, so fast that one could nearly not follow it's trajectory.

Before the quiver of the bowstring that was made from the tendons of dragon beast legs had stilled, the arrow had already accurately impacted on the leg of the Demon Spider.

It was only the distance of a thousand meters away. Since the target was so massive, there was absolutely no way it would miss.

But before the armour piercing arrows had even landed on the huge spider legs, it had already been completely dissolved by the black demonic qi. With sizzling sounds, it turned into wisps of smoke.

Facing such a scene, Lin Zheng and the others took a deep breath in.

"Aim the cannons, shoot the formation energy cannons for me."

Old Commander Li Guangbi shouted.

Crash!

Amidst the huge fluctuation of energy, there was a formation warship suspended in the skies. With a great recoil, there was a beam of light that was projected from the bow of the ship that shot out like a divine sword with a roar towards the leg of that gigantic spider.

At the same time.

There were several siege cannons that also shot out at the same time.

Siege crossbows that were half a meter in diameter and sixteen meters long, under the enhancement of the formation array, were like divine swords being unsheathed. The bolts tore through space, flying out.

Boom!Boom!Boom!

Under the gaze of countless eyes, the formation energy cannon had struck the gigantic spider's leg as well as the formation crossbows.

But before cheers had even sounded out, there were breaths of cold shock all around.

The thick and heavy crossbow bolt passed through the black demon qi but was quickly corroded. The formation that was etched onto its body was destroyed, and that bolt that was made of steel was like rotten wood. It struck upon the leg of the black spider, but it was not even able to break apart one of it's hairs.

And although the formation cannon from the warship had managed to strike the spider leg, but only a couple of hairs were broken off. That was the only result. It did not go according to others’ expectation, that the black spider leg would directly be snapped off.

"It's useless, it's useless..."

Lin Yi cried in despair.

"This is a Demon Spider at the Immortal stage. it's not something you can take care of, this Demon Spider must want to take vengeance for it's comrade. It's impossible for you to stop it, impossible..."

Lin Yi howled.

He had nearly gone crazy.

There was a glimmer in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

He grabbed at something through the air. A violet-coloured light flickered. A beautiful decorated luxurious long bow with violet light flickering around it, appeared in his hands. This was namely the [Violet Cloud] bow that had been taken from the hands of the [Violet Eagle] in the battle of the City of Light that day.

The other hand pulled back the bowstring, the piercing cloud arrow appearing.

Xiu!

When the bow string quivered, the Piercing Cloud Arrow had already passed through layer after layer of black demonic qi, shooting at the demonic spider leg.

With Ye Qingyu's current state, although his yuan qi cultivation was weak, but the power that his fleshly body possessed was absolutely terrifying. The [Violet Cloud] bow was instantly drawn back to a full moon. The explosive power that the strike had was enough to shock the heavens.

Boom!

The black spider leg's quaked.

It had finally hit.

There was a series of cheers that exploded from the Imperial Guard.

But the next instant, all the cheers suddenly halted, as if they were ducks that had their necks grabbed at.

Because although the Piercing Cloud Arrow had struck it's target, but after it had hit the spider leg, it was sent rebounding high and far away. It headed towards Ye Qingyu's direction where he shot it from, coming back with even greater speed.

"Danger!"

There was someone who shouted.

Ye Qingyu's eyes narrows slightly. He only lifted his hand, and easily retrieved the Piercing Cloud Arrow that was sent flying back in his palm.

His palm was slightly warm.

"Careful of the poison, the poison of the Demon Spider has no antidote in the entire world..."

Lin Yi shouted from the side.

As expected, in the Piercing Cloud Arrow that was shot back, there was a faint hint of black demonic qi. Through the body of the arrow, it seemed to want to seep into the skin of Ye Qingyu's palm. It twisted and made a low roar, as if it was a living thing. It was extremely creepy and horrifying.

The gaze that Lin Yi stared at Ye Qingyu with was like he was looking at a dead person.

In Clear River Domain, the Greater One Sect had fought unendingly with the Demon Spider Race. As one of the disciples of the Greater One Sect, he understood better than anyone just how terrifying the poison of the Demon Spider Race was. Once infected, even an expert at the Immortal stage would perish.

But...

There was a flash that appeared on Ye Qingyu's hand. The [Supreme Ice Flame] instantly refined and purified the black demonic qi from the spider.

Seeing such a result caused Lin Yi to be dumbfounded, so shocked he could not speak.

To think he could purify the poison?

Looking at Ye Qingyu from far away, there was suddenly a bright glimmer deep within his pupils.

At the same time.

Ye Qingyu looked at the massive black spider's leg that was still causing the earth to madly shake, then looked at the Central Domain Gate that must be about to burst open at any time due to the size of this leg. He smeared a shred of [Supreme Ice Flame] on the Piercing Cloud Arrow, then once again knocked the arrow to his bow.

"I will return your greeting!"

The arrow once again shot out accompanied by his low shout.

Xiu!

The air was pierced like a wave.

The speed of the Piercing Cloud Arrow was so shocking that even with the vision of Lin Zheng and the others, they had no way of capturing the trajectory of this arrow.

Ding!

A light sound.

The arrow shot into the spider's leg, going three inches deep.

Finally... it's defenses had been broken?

Within the world, there was suddenly a strange atmosphere that emanated everywhere.

The earth that was originally madly shaking suddenly stilled, and the gigantic black spider's leg that was about to break the Central Domain Gate stopped. It did not move, as if it had gotten fatigued.

From extreme movement, to extreme stillness. This transformation caused everyone to be taken aback.

"What happened?"

"It's stopped...“

"This arrow... could it have killed it?"

There were some that were utterly shocked. As the gazes of everyone focused on the direction of the Central Domain Gate. Could the divinely fast peerless arrows that Ye Qingyu had just shot out right now really have killed that Demonic Spider?

There were some people that believed so happily in their heart.

But Ye Qingyu did not believe so.

He frowned. He walked step by step closer to the Central Domain Gate.

Seeing this scene, the Right Minister Lin Zheng instinctively wanted to halt him. But after a brief thought, he finally stopped himself.

Ye Qingyu neared step by step.

The more he got close, the more he could feel the terror that this giant demonic spider leg inspired. It was like it was a pillar that supported the sky. It could not help but make one's heart shiver. There was fresh and incomparably strange patterns on the black leg of the spider, and every hair on it was like a sharp blade.

Suddenly, there was a faint quiver.

Due to the fact that he had gotten closer, Ye Qingyu could see the bright and colourful patterns on the giant spider's leg suddenly lighting up. The hair that slightly dropped down suddenly grew tense again...

An acute sensation of danger suddenly enwrapped Ye Qingyu's heart.

He instantly turned around, shouting, "Careful, retreat, retreat backwards!"

The moment he turned around, there was a series of acute and painful sensations, as if there were thousands of arrows piercing through his heart. There was something behind that was madly striking at his back, and there was the sharp sounds of items piercing through the air by his ear. Then his entire person was sent flying towards the crowd...

In the skies, Ye Qingyu could see the scene of fresh blood dyeing everything red.

There were countless black steams of it which flowed out like a mad surging black tide. In Ye Qingyu's vision, every expert of the Imperial Guard, as well as the troops behind them, after being attacked by the black tide, they were like wheat under the scythe, falling down...

As well as the battleship in the sky, and the other ships around it. They were all struck by the black flow. The humongous power they held were instantly disassembled, and nearly was shot through to become sieves. The body of the ships exploded, and all the experts on it tragically died. There were some that managed to transform into streams of light that escaped with their lives.

The energy barrier of the huge ship could not block it in the slightest. On the floors and walls of the armoured ship, there were many holes that had been caused by the black stream of projectiles.

On the ground.

The front row of the formation of the Imperial Guard had nearly been completely annihilated. Under that strange black flow, even experts that were half a step into the Bitter Sea stage were like paper scarecrows. The yuan qi protecting around their body was instantly destroyed, tragically dying on the spot…

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

