Chapter 105:


Chapter 105 – Surrounded in All Directions

The moment Ye Qingyu turned and left, the little loli that had always remained in the state of unconsciousness suddenly seemed to sense something. Her withered little hand stretched out, wanting to grab at something. But ultimately it fell back down without any strength. A crystal clear tear slid down from her cheek…

“Brother Ye, don’t leave…”

These mumbled words were said with difficulty from her mouth.

The back of Ye Qingyu’s figure ultimately disappeared from the wooden house.

The originally white little bear that was leaning against her suddenly fell into the embrace of the little loli. As if she was trying to grab the entire world in this instant, it was unknown where the little loli found the strength to hold onto the bear. She desperately held the little toy that had been bought from the stand, her five fingers entering deep within the little bear…

Wang Jianru subconsciously wanted to pull the little bear away.

But at this time, the scarlet red pattern surrounding the little loli seemed to crazily extend. It travelled along the little loli’s arms and entered into the toy bear. In the blink of an eye, the white bear became a dim red colour. And in the dead eyes of the little bear, it began glimmering with a flickering red light… …… ……

Following the path, he went to the exit of this independent little courtyard.

Ye Qingyu took one step over the wall flickering with silver light formation.

He came back to the still and peaceful passageway. The black-clothed warrior was still waiting there quietly. As he saw Ye Qingyu coming out, he nodded his head slightly without saying a world. He remained silent as always, leading the way forward.

Ye Qingyu followed behind.

His thoughts were in disarray and he was in a subdued mood. He did not want to talk too much.

The battle in the skies that shook the entire Deer City once again flashed in Ye Qingyu’s mind. He suddenly remembered the words of the mysterious expert that had controlled the demonic black clouds.

From the information within his words, the black cloud expert should be someone from the City of Unmoving Darkness and he had come to find the little loli. But for some reason, Wang Jianru seemed like she did not want the little loli to end up in that person’s hands…

In this matter, there were far too many secrets.

Ye Qingyu still had many questions that he could not make sense of at this time.

But without knowing why, as he subconsciously handed the little loli into the hands of Wang Jianru, he was reassured, very reassured. If there was a person in this entire world that really thought from the perspective of the little loli and did not covet the secrets on her body, then that person was Wang Jianru.

He passed through the long passage.

It was as if an age had passed.

Finally they came to the exit of the [Mist Residence].

At this time, the people coming to the [Mist Residence] to spend time and find entertainment gradually began to increase. There were people continuously entering and exiting from the entrance, and the previous warriors who were drinking wine and roasting chicken had already finished eating their breakfast meal.

They were sitting on the seats conversing, occasionally raising their eyes to inspect the people entering. The guards weighed them up and observed the visitors, so they did not allow someone to enter that should not enter.

The black-clothed warrior returned to his seat, taking a long gulp of alcohol before laughing along with his comrades.

Ye Qingyu’s footsteps did not stop, walking straight out of the [Mist Residence].

The sky outside was still dim, and the floating snow had become more and more concentrated. The snow storm that had begun three days ago did not show any signs of stopping. Everywhere around the streets, thick piles of snow had already been created, and the entire Deer City was shrouded in a vast white blanket.

Ye Qingyu’s appearance was covered by his large garments. Lowering his head, he walked slowly through the streets.

If there was no accident that occurred, White Deer Academy would no longer have a first year head teacher called Wang Yan. This represented that since Wen Wan had also left, Ye Qingyu’s only familiar friend would also disappear from his life.

This made Ye Qingyu once again seriously consider the path facing him.

A tremendous change was currently occurring within White Deer Academy. An intention to leave was born in Ye Qingyu’s heart.

But once he left White Deer Academy, just where he could go?

At this moment Ye Qingyu could not sort his thoughts out.

He slowly walked forward step by step. Step by step, he was gradually pondering.

Abruptly, came the sounds of urgent footsteps and the clanking of armour from beside his ears. The faint friction emitted by the metal rubbing against each other resounded throughout the air drifting with snowflakes, making it seem especially jarring. Ye Qingyu lifted his head and was able to see a black armoured group of troops fifty meters away. As if they were a black tide, they broke apart the street covered in white snow, quickly nearing.

“It’s the army of the country stationed in the Southern district, [Black Mountain Barracks]!”

Ye Qingyu was slightly shocked.

They were a similar organization to the [Capture Barracks] in the Northern district. The [Black Mountain Barracks] was one of the elite armies stationed within Deer City and was controlled by the Southern military leader. In these days, the atmosphere of the city was strange and there were often people of the [Black Mountain Barracks] patrolling around the streets that maintained order within the city., But this group of people was evidently not in the same class as a patrolling squadron. There were at least a few thousand people, in full armour and with some riding horses. The people on horses were wearing the black robe of formation masters. Scouts also flew low in the sky, flitting past wearing formation armour…

This army had the countenance of someone facing a great enemy.

Ye Qingyu moved, silently flitting to the sides of the street and moving away. He waited until this large army had passed by.

He looked towards where the [Black Mountain Barracks] was rushing towards.

“It’s the direction of the [Mist Residence]…”

Ye Qingyu seemed to have suddenly realized something.

And nearly at the same moment, Deer City began vibrating and shaking from underneath.

As if some horrifying energy was about to break through the earth. From all sides of the city, streams of saffron yellow light soared into the sky like bright resplendent meteors shooting through the air. It left long tails in the air, and finally converged in the center of the skies, forming a humongous grid and surrounding the entire Deer City within!

“This… could it be [Million Knots of Earth and Glass]?

Legend had it that underneath the ground of Deer City, there was a hidden formation that was extremely powerful. Once it was activated, not only did it block everything from the outside, it was also able to prevent the people inside the formation from escaping. It was a formation that was enough to rank near the top in the entire Snow Country, and was known as the [Million Knots of Earth and Glass]. In these decades of time, no one had ever seen the experts of the city control such a formation before because every time it activated, the amount of yuan qi of Heaven and Earth it expended was really too vast.

Who would have thought that today was the day that the legendary formation would really be activated?

As the formation was activated, streak after streak of yuan qi shot into the sky. After this, there were expert after expert that appeared from all directions, flickering with the bright lights of yuan qi. They headed urgently towards the direction of the [Mist Residence], surrounding the [Mist Residence] from all directions.

Within the snowy skies, hundreds of figures were densely packed. They towered over the [Mist Residence].

These were all the famous experts of the city that were of the Spirit spring stage and above.

In an instant, they had really appeared.

A terrifying yuan qi turbulence swept throughout the land. Such a scene of hundreds of Xiantian experts acting in concert had not happened for a very long time within Deer City. Every one of them blossomed with resplendent yuan qi radiance, as if every single one of them was a radiant sun. It made one unable to stare at these figures directly.

Within Deer City, everything was in disorder.

The people that were originally undergoing all sorts of activities were scared by such an abrupt and unexpected scene.

Countless people stared dumbly at the skies, not knowing what had occurred.

“The city leader office is prosecuting the demon girl of darkness. Immediately depart a thousand meters away from the [Mist Residence], otherwise you will be charged with collaborating with the demon girl.” A voice that was like roiling thunder, incomparably imposing, exploded and echoed in the air.

The citizens instantly scattered like chicken flying and dogs jumping.

Ye Qingyu’s face changed. His previous guess was correct.

It came far too quickly.

The little loli was right now in a state of unconsciousness. Even if Wang Jianru’s strength was powerful, but she was still only one person in the end. Would she be able to defend against all the experts of the city?

“I need to go see.”

Ye Qingyu’s first reaction was to turn around, heading slowly back towards the direction of the [Mist Residence].

Even though he knew there would be danger. There was no way that Ye Qingyu could do nothing and depart.

But he had not even travelled a hundred meters when there were six soldiers wearing the black armour of the [Black Mountain Barracks] that stood out in front of him. The person leading them was a person wearing a black face armour that covered his facial features, the armour imposing and his gaze glinting with a cold light. He lifted his hand. “Halt! This path is blocked, quickly return.”

Ye Qingyu’s footsteps slowed down.

“Hmph, seeing your sneaky appearance, could you be the spy of that prosecuted demon girl? Quickly pull apart the cloth covering your face!” Another black-armoured soldier pressed step by step closer.

Ye Qingyu hesitated slightly, then grabbed the air lightly. The [Little Shang sword] that was within the second spirit Spring in his dantian world vibrated slightly. Between his eyebrows, a killing intent was activating. He was about to act…

But right at this moment—

Xiu!

A bright sword light, soared into the sky from far away.

The sword light was like electricity, shrouding all the floating snow in the sky. In this instant endless light filled the space between Heaven and Earth.

A silhouette shot into the sky.

It was Wang Jianru.

A person that towered over all life, the peerless female sword immortal that sliced apart the sky.

She finally acted.

In this moment, it was as if all the light in the world was overtaken by the radiance of this sword.

“I don’t want to begin a slaughter today. Quickly move aside.” Wang Jianru’s voice was calm and brought with it indifference. The words resounded between Heaven and Earth. Her voice like her sword, it had a type of power that was enough to shake one’s heart.

“Haha, arrogance! A weak female, dares to interfere in the matters involving the two great races and the City of Unmoving Darkness.”

A conceited and tyrannical voice broadcasted throughout the skies . A muscular figure covered by armour glowing with black light walked towards her step by step in the air. There was a terrifying yuan qi fluctuation around him, ripples visible to the naked eye expanding with him at the center. Behind him were ten subordinates from the same army, surrounding and protecting him. He was like a War God stepping through the air, radiating ferocity.

This was the number one person of the Southern military office, military leader Chen Jiuxing.

Within Deer City, Chen Jiuxing controlled the elite army [Black Mountain Barracks] . His status was only under the city leader, and was above thousands of other people. He was a person with true power, a prestigious character in the city for over twenty years. It was even said that he was a relative of the royal family. A stamp of his feet was enough to make the entire Deer City tremble three times.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 106:


Chapter 106 – Enemies On A Narrow Road

The sudden change within the city immediately attracted the attention of countless people.

Including the elite soldiers that were currently blocking Ye Qingyu.

At this time, Ye Qingyu’s thoughts cleared. He promptly realized that he was still immersed in the negative emotions that had been caused by bidding the little loli farewell. In that brief moment, he really had the intent to kill them. Thinking back instantly made cold sweat drip from all over his body.

These soldiers were the elite army that protected the Snow Country. They only listened to orders, without distinguishing good from evil, and was the main force when resisting the Demon Race. These soldiers should not die in his hands. Furthermore, there were so many martial experts in the air. Once he made a move, it could not help but attract the notice of these people. Once the criminal charge of killing a soldier was placed on him, this was not something he could laugh about.

With a brief thought, Ye Qingyu’s figure flashed, disappearing from where he stood.

Once the leading soldier had recovered from the scene in the skies and turned to look back, Ye Qingyu was already gone.

“What’s happened? Where is he?” Another soldier was deeply shocked. “Can this fellow really be the comrade of that demonic girl? It’s a pity, we got distracted and let him get away, otherwise it would be a great merit.”

The leading soldier shook his head. “This person is strange and is definitely not weak. We may not be his opponent. It doesn’t matter if we let him escape, layers of barriers have already been placed within the city. If that person is really the henchman of that demonic girl, he will be executed sooner or later…”

As he spoke, a tightly clustered meteor-like light without any signs appeared in the skies. Then it ruptured apart. In a split second, it made the entire Deer City seem as if it was in a dream, with an indescribable magnificence and bizarreness to radiance.

“The signal to attack! Let’s charge in.”

The leading soldier loudly roared, taking out the long sword in his waist. Leading his subordinates, he charged towards the [Mist Residence].

And nearly at the same time, around all directions of the [Mist Residence] there were large numbers of soldiers from the [Black Mountain Barracks] that appeared. As if they were a black avalanche, they advanced and rushed towards the [Mist Residence].

Countless walls of the streets and alleys were destroyed by the martial experts, dust and smoke rising to the sky. When the machine of the orderly army began functioning, it was extremely cold and merciless.

Without any prior signs, hundreds of people wearing night skin tight clothing appeared in the originally empty and silent streets. Their pace was vigorous and their figures agile. Evidently, they were experts of the martial path. As if they were a nest of grey snakes, they blocked the path of the charging [Black Mountain Barracks] army coming from all directions.

A brief exchange between the forces.

The clash of metallic weapons striking each other constantly emitted.

What accompanied this clash was the grievous screams that occurred just before a person died.

White snowflakes danced, red blood spurted.

An abrupt and unexpected battle broke out this afternoon in the Southern district.

“Haha, no wonder you hid the demonic girl here. So you had long hidden your forces here. Hmph, an evil doer will forever be an evil doer. They are fated to die; can they overturn this fate?” Within the air, the Chen Jiuxing wearing black armour laughed loudly. With a flick of his hand, an incomparably huge hatchet appeared in his hands.

He casually swiped.

A yuan qi formation was able to be seen on the huge black hatchet.

Originallyn the hatchet was only around half a meter large but the moment it struck through the air, it suddenly transformed into a weapon hundreds of meters long. Glorious black light came from this weapon. As it neared the ground, the power of this yuan qi hatchet became stronger and stronger. From far away, the impact of this scene made it seem as if even the sky was being chopped apart by this hatchet.

“You are looking to die!”

In that clear and cold voice, a vast sword light shot into the sky from the [Mist Residence].

Bang!

The sword light crushed apart the yuan qi hatchet.

The terrifying residual forces from this impact travelled all around.

At first glance, it was as if a hurricane broke out twenty meters from the ground that radiated in all directions. The air rapidly circulated. The terrifying force was enough to make all the architecture within a hundred meters collapse like paper falling with a crash. Hundreds of pounds of rubble and smashed walls flew through the air in chaotic trajectories. Dust and white snow completely enveloped the sky in an instant!

In such a chaotic commotion, a white figure soared into the sky.

Her sword was like lightning.

It was namely the female sword immortal, Wang Jianru.

Her figure was like electricity, advancing towards Chen Jiuxing.

The time had finally arrived for the battle between true experts.

A thousand meters radius from the [Mist Residence] was instantly transformed into an Asura battleground, incomparably chaotic.

Ye Qingyu was a like a black spirit, piercing throughout this chaotic battlefield. He carefully avoided both parties, observing in detail everything that occurred around him.

The grey-clothed warriors that had suddenly appeared around him seemed like Wang Jianru’s men. It was only that when Ye Qingyu entered the [Mist Residence], he did not see a hint of these people so he had no way of confirming whether this assumption was correct. But recalling the way Wang Jianru handled matters, this was not such a great leap to make. She was mysterious, dealing with every matter using meticulous planning and foresight. She hid herself within White Deer Academy for ten years without being discovered. To privately raise a group of warriors that were loyal and willing to die for her was not a problem.

But in such a situation, where it seemed that the entire Deer City encircled them and wanted to annihilate them, would they be able to handle it? Even if Wang Jianru’s strength was even more profound, would she be able to bring the little loli safely away?

Furthermore, the enemy at this time was not only the army stationed at Deer City.

There was also the person that previously battled with Wang Jianru, the person that always hid after being defeated by the [Splitting Heaven sword will]. That terrifying expert that controlled the black clouds permeating the air…

In his heart, Ye Qingyu was extremely worried.

That was the reason why he secretly returned and had risked coming back into the battlefield.

Even though his strength could absolutely not alter anything, but there was no way he could just leave the little loli and depart in peace.

At this time, the entire area had already become a disordered huddle. The grey-clothed warriors crazily delayed the advance of the enemy. Evidently, there was no way for them to come out alive of this situation so they could only fight to the death. Their resistance was grievous and critical. From the perspective of individual strength, their power was higher than the elites of the [Black Mountain Barracks]. But due to the absolute numbers advantage, injuries and death began to appear and the area they defended constantly shrunk…

Within a collapsed house, there were tragic screams resounding.

It was obviously a normal citizen within the house that had not yet left and was dragged into such a battle. They suffered a calamity that had nothing to do with them.

The leader of the [Black Mountain Barracks] obviously did not want to rustle the grass and alert the snake so he did not move the people of [Mist Residence] away completely before the battle. Therefore, from the start, he did not want to evacuate the people a thousand meters around the [Mist Residence] prior to attacking. In other words, the normal citizens within this area would be needless sacrifices for this plan. Only those with true luck would perhaps be able to retain their life in the midst of such a chaotic battle.

Ye Qingyu saw with his own eyes the tragedies that were occurring. In a collapsed house within the battlefield, a young husband and wife was crushed to death by the shattered stone wall. From their appearance they had not yet been wedded for long, and there were still red celebratory characters in the room. An endless desolateness and pity…

Facing such a scene, Ye Qingyu could only sigh.

As he passed by more collapsed structures, if there were people injured, Ye Qingyu would drag them away from the destroyed structures and stop their bleeding.

He did his utmost to get near the [Mist Residence], wanting to find where the little loli was exactly. But he kept failing. The grey-clothed warriors defense was extremely frantic, as long as he was not someone that belonged to their group they would strike to kill. And as for the people of the [Black Mountain Barracks] they thought that Ye Qingyu was an enemy, attacking him whenever they saw him.

Pak!

Ye Qingyu’s fist shot out, sending a soldier of the [Black Mountain Barracks] flying.

“Continuing in such a way is not a good method. Before I can find the little loli, I will become the enemy of everyone.” Ye Qingyu dodged a whistling long sword, ducking and leaning, entering into the embrace of the grey-clothed warrior holding the sword.

He then knocked him flying, his figure flashing and concealing within a collapsed stone house nearby.

After attempting several times, Ye Qingyu finally managed to hide himself under a stone bridge a hundred meters away from the [Mist Residence].

From this position, he could see the destroyed entrance of the [Mist Residence]. In the previous exchange between Wang Jianru and Chen Jiuxing, the residual force from this exchange had nearly completely flattened this location. Without the obstruction of high walls and passageways, he could largely see everything within the [Mist Residence] clearly. But right now, he still had not yet discovered the figures of the little loli and the others…

“I can only hope that Wang Jianru has already arranged everything.”

Ye Qingyu thought in his heart.

And at this time, a black figure abruptly crawled from the rubbles of the [Mist Residence]. Shaking off the dirt and dust on his body, like an agile cat, he slowly and carefully began to act…

It was that black-clothed person.

Ye Qingyu’s heart pulsated. Seeing this figure, it was the person who had recognized him with just glance in the [Mist Residence], the black-clothed person that had brought him to see Wang Jianru.

Should he call out to him?

Ye Qingyu hesitated for a moment, then heard a series of footsteps running towards them.

“Who’s that? Stand there!”

“Escape? You dare escape? He must be a person working for that demonic girl. Everyone charge, the commander has an order, capturing people alive will have a heavy reward!”

Several loud shouts sounded and the urgent footsteps brought with it the clank of armour. Evidently it was the elite soldiers of the [Black Mountain Barracks]. They had discovered the black-clothed man and charged towards him. What followed after was the sounds of swords clashing, and very quickly a grunt. With a plop someone fell, and the battle stopped…

“Motherfucker, who let you escape, you have killed the people on our side. Little kid, you have guts. Tear his black cloth from his face, I need to see his appearance…” An arrogant and poisonous voice was able to be heard extremely clearly.

Evidently the black-clothed person could not win against the soldiers alone, and was ultimately captured.

What followed after was the sounds of flesh striking flesh. It should be the black-clothed man being fiercely slapped.

Ye Qingyu originally wanted to act to save him, but hearing this familiar voice, he paused.

This voice was really too familiar for him.

It was the voice of Xia Houwu.

Because of the matter that had occurred within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], Xia Houwu had been expelled from White Deer academy. His name was erased from the register without anyone knowing where he went. Originally, Ye Qingyu wanted to find Xia Houwu to settle their debts, but he did not think that he would come across him today. This was somewhat queer.

But as he thought deeper about this matter it was not so strange. The Xiahou family was one of the top noble families in the city.

Through the accumulation of generations, they possessed influence and wealth. No matter what, Xia Houwu was the son of the first wife of the head of family. Even though he was expelled from the academy, to rely on relations to enter the [Black Mountain Barracks] in order to gain some experience was very possible. After all, for many nobles, an army was a passable destination to train and perfect one’s skills.

“Who, who are you? Where did you hide the demonic girl?”

On the bridge, the soldiers were currently interrogating the black-clothed man.

Ye Qingyu evaluated all around him. Within a hundred meters, dust and snow was thick in the air, without signs of many people nearby.

Such an opportunity was hard to come by.

He prepared to act.

This time, Xia Houwu was really unlucky to appear at such a place. Last time, after he had targeted the little loli, Ye Qingyu could barely control his killing intent. This time, Ye Qingyu would absolutely not let him go.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 107:


Chapter 107 – The Four Military Leaders

Ye Qingyu made his decision, not hesitating anymore and preparing to act.

He activated his inner yuan, then struck out with his fist.

Boom!

A large hole was directly created in the stone bridge he was hiding under…

The rock structure shattered immediately, dust and smoke rising in the air.

At this instant, Ye Qingyu was like a bolt of lightning flying from beneath the bridge with his palm strikes like electricity. In a split second he had struck four times. The four elite soldiers of the [Black Mountain Barracks] that were wearing black armoured face masks did not react to this ambush in time. They were hit directly in the foreheads. With a muffled grunt, their bodies went limp, falling down.

Ye Qingyu only knocked them unconscious, he did not kill them.

“Who is it…”

On the bridge, the last soldier of the [Black Mountain Barracks] holding the black-clothed person was still there. He was shocked, his mouth opened wide and loudly exclaiming.

The voice belonged to Xia Houwu

Ye Qingyu let out a cold laugh, nearing the distance in an instant.

Xia Houwu felt that this laughter was somewhat familiar, as if he had heard it before somewhere. But in this brief moment he could not investigate too deeply before he needed to defend, the long spear in his hands blocking the strike of the enemy.

Ye Qingyu still only utilized his fists.

Yong!

Within the sound of the impact, the standard weapon made from steel was bent in a split second by this punch.

The fist completely crushed past the wailing spear, striking onto Xia Houwu’s body.

The body of the spear snapped.

Xia Houwu felt his soul flying away and scattering. He could sense a vast force behind the punch entering within his chest. Afterwards, like a mountain torrent breaking out and unleashing, the force destroyed everything in its path. In this moment, he could even hear the terrifying noise of his own internal organs shattering and crumbling apart.

This was the sound of death arriving.

The pupils of Xia Houwu dilated.

“It’s you…” He was finally able to recognize Ye Qingyu at the last moment.

The next second, Xia Houwu was possessed by hatred and mad regret, incomparably alarmed. That he would meet Ye Qingyu here, could it be that his fate had already been decided by the Heavens? This meeting was different from their last in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. Dying here represented a true death, without the chance to resurrect.

“You should have long died. This time, who can save you?” A second force exploded from Ye Qingyu’s fist.

“You… would really dare kill me, you…” he bellowed with a dark guttural roar, his facial features covered with hatred and venom. His body was like a kite that had its string broken, landing against a stone wall. Blood spurted madly from his mouth, completely fainting.

Ye Qingyu’s hand struck out again, forming a blade with his hand and snapping the shackles of the black-clothed man.

“Follow me and leave.” Ye Qingyu extended his hand to support him.

The black-clothed man that was heavily injured was able to recognize Ye Qingyu. But instead of taking a hand, he took a step backwards and shook his head.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

A bitter smile appeared on the black-clothed man, determinedly shaking his head. “Young lord, quickly go. They have already seen my face; they know what I look like. Today within Deer City, everyone under the Bitter Sea stage prosecuted by the army will ultimately be found. Don’t worry about me. Bringing me along will only be your burden…”

“But…”

Ye Qingyu still could not bear leaving him behind.

Since this black-clothed person was tasked with the responsibility of bring him to see Wang Jianru and little loli, then evidently he was a person that Wang Jianru trusted very much. If possible, Ye Qingyu of course wanted to save him.

“You should leave quickly, don’t linger in such a dangerous place.” The black-clothed man took another step or two backwards. “My life is cheap, if not for my master in these past years, I would have long died. Right now I will give my life back to my master… Young lord, quickly go. Master has already arranged everything; the little princess will definitely be unharmed. You don’t need to worry.”

As he finished, he grabbed a long sword lying beside him. With a slice, quick as lightning, he mercilessly sliced apart his own face.

Ye Qingyu was greatly shocked.

He was able to see that this sword had completely sliced apart the skin of his face. His entire facial features were a bloody mess. There was absolutely no way anymore of recognizing his original features. The black-clothed man let out a long laugh, then stabbed the blade into his own chest. He jumped into the river under the stone bridge.

Ye Qingyu remained silent with no words he could say.

He knew the reason why this black-clothed man had destroyed his facial features. He was afraid that even if he died, that the army would be able to trace his background and history. He was worried that his family in the city would be affected. Therefore, he would completely destroy his face and chose to commit suicide.

What kind of man was this to be so staunch and loyal?

In this instant, Ye Qingyu was completely shaken.

And at this time, there was the sound of footsteps coming from far away. There was a large quantity of elite soldiers from the [Black Mountain Barracks] that quickly rushed over.

Ye Qingyu let out a long sigh of regret, turning and heading towards another direction.

As he passed by the corpse of Xia Houwu, a thought occurred to him that this fellow may be faking his death. As he ran, he kicked a boulder, and under his inner yuan, the boulder was like an arrow released from a bow. It completely smashed and mutilated the head of the corpse. Confirming there was nothing else to be taken care of, Ye Qingyu quickly hid in the rubble and dust far away.

Very quickly, tens of soldiers from the [Black Mountain Barracks] came to the stone bridge.

…… ……

A short while later.

Ye Qingyu had successfully managed to escape from the chaotic battlefield around the [Mist Residence].

The experience that he had in killing and passing through the wilderness area of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] had given him a sensitive instinct like that of a wild beast. At this moment, it proved to be of vital use. He continuously ran into the encirclement and blockages of the [Black Mountain Barracks], but manage to successfully break through the surrounding troops every time.

The battle in the skies was still ongoing.

Chen Jiuxing along with tens of expert of Deer City continued to entangle Wang Jianru.

This was the fight that would determine the final outcome of this battle.

The sword light was like lightning, constantly slicing apart the skies.

With every swipe of Chen Jiuxing’s huge hatchet, there would be a vast energy striking out along with it. The yuan qi hatchet chopped apart space, tides of air visible to the human eye spreading out everywhere, incomparably vigorous. By Ye Qingyu’s rough estimation, the strength of this person, should have already reached the thirty Spirit springs stage. No wonder he was one of the four military leaders of Deer City, his strength was indeed powerful.

But even if so, along with the cooperation of tens of Spirit spring experts, Chen Jiuxing was still at a disadvantage.

Wang Jianru seemed to be holding something in her left arm. Her right arm casually struck out, and another ray of sword light sliced apart the space. The tightly clustered sword light was like shooting stars. Although the sword light was not as vast or as large as the yuan qi hatchet, but it was far brighter. The radiance was able to completely shroud the splendour of the sun and moon. In an instant, it completely broke apart the yuan qi hatchet.

Ye Qingyu retreated below to a restaurant a thousand meters away, mixing into the crowd. All his attention and concentration was focused on the battle in the skies.

The surrounding conversation was noisy and clamorous, discussing the events that were occurring within the city.

“Did you hear that the demonic girl of darkness appeared from the Qingluo Merchant Company? ”

“That’s right. Do you not see the woman holding the sword in the skies, her background is very great. I hear that even if she dies, she wants to protect the demonic girl of darkness!”

“It seems like this demonic girl of darkness was even a student of White Deer Academy.”

“Hopefully the army can quickly eliminate that demonic girl. Otherwise, I hear that the demonic girl of darkness will bring with her a curse. If so, our entire Deer City will be plunged into misfortune.”

In such a world where the martial way was prosperous, there were some people afraid of dying. But people who were not scared and loved to spectate the excitement was in greater numbers. Not only this restaurant, but many of the structures just outside the forbidden radius of entry was especially packed with all sorts of people. Every one of them was observing the battle that was like a fight between deities occurring in the skies.

Characters like Chen Jiuxing had not fought with their full strength for a very long time. Even martial artists of the city had not seen such a world shaking battle for many years. Every one of them was fascinated by what was occurring.

Ye Qingyu had already changed into another pair of clothing, pushing himself into the crowd without saying anything.

And at this time, the battle in the skies had already continued on for over an hour.

Ye Qingyu sensed that something was slightly strange, but could not say what exactly it was.

During this moment, within the air another abrupt change occurred.—

Another beam of light, came from the Western district of the city. Radiant like the sun, it transformed into tightly clustered dots of light. Like rain itself, it shot towards Wang Jianru

When Ye Qingyu looked carefully, it was not green dots of light at all.

It was evidently a large swathe of densely packed green sword lights. As if it was a hurricane rainstorm, it struck to kill Wang Jianru.

Another true expert had acted.

It was the number one person of the Western military office, military leader Qian Yuan.

The people all around instantly became excited.

The two great military leaders of Deer City had high status with great power and prestige. For the normal citizens of the city, they were existences where they could see the dragon’s head but not the dragon’s tail*. This time, where the two of them united to face a common enemy, could be counted as a grand occasion that had not occurred for tens of years.

But Ye Qingyu was somewhat anxious.

Out of the so many people observing the battle, he was the only one who hoped that Wang Jianru and the little loli would be able to safely depart.

Only after a moment could Ye Qingyu’s worry lessen slightly.

The Western military leader Qian Yuan demonstrated a powerful strength. His sword light transformed into rain, and within the green light there was a strange and fearful energy. He was not in any way less powerful than the Southern military leader Chen Jiuxing. but what was strange was that even after Qian Yuan entered into the battlefield, he could not change the situation at all. Gradually in the this fight, Wang Jianru still completely suppressed and controlled the experts of Deer City.

“This is strange, Wang Jianru can evidently handle their attacks with ease, why doesn’t she break through?” Ye Qingyu sensed that something was peculiar undergoing.

Boom!Boom!

Accompanied by the two yuan qi radiance exploding from the Northern and Eastern city districts, there were yet more true experts appearing. Like long streaks of red light shooting through the air, they joined the battle in an instant.

Another two military leaders had appeared.

A commotion was instantly created in the crowd observing the battle.

The four great military leaders attacking at the same time!

“Haha, the four trashes have finally appeared?” The voice of Wang Jianru resounded throughout the sky, bringing with it a pride and contempt. “Qin Ying, your city leader, why has he not yet appeared? To dare act against me, but not have the guts to appear in front of me. He sends scraps such as you people to your death?”

Before she had finished.

A sword light exploded from Wang Jianru’s right arm.

This sword was enough to shroud all the grace and colour of the world in this very moment.

No matter whether it was Chen Jiuxing’s yuan qi hatchet or Qian Yuan’s green sword light, nothing could block it. Everywhere in the sky, along with the two other great military leaders and the tens of experts, everything was swept away. Their yuan qi attacks, facing such a sword light was like white snow meeting boiling water. It completely disappeared. Everywhere this sword light passed, space was sliced apart. The clouds were completely dispelled, an azure blue crack sweeping across Deer City.

*acts extremely mysteriously

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 108:


Chapter 108 – An Unexpected Invitation

The splendour around the four military leaders completely shattered. Each of them gave a low grunt, then like a giant hammer striking a straw man, they were sent flying through the air. At the same time, the tens of experts attacking in concert were in an even more dismal state. They lost control of their bodies and fell with a crack from the sky.

[Splitting Heaven sword will]!

It was [Splitting Heaven sword will] yet again!

Ye Qingyu nearly started cheering out loud.

This sword was namely the sword that had sliced apart the black clouds permeating the skies and defeated the mysterious expert. Once [Splitting Heaven sword will] came out, just who could compete?

In front of this sword, the four military leaders could not even withstand one single strike. The tens of experts that aided them could not even be counted as side characters.

Silence completely covered this world at this very moment.

Everyone had their state of mind completely taken away by this sword that could reap Heaven and Earth. They stared dumbly into the sky.

“I gave you a chance, but you have made me disappointed. You are just a group of retards being used by other people.” Wang Jianru stood independently in the skies, black hair fluttering like a divine woman surveying everything beneath her. “Qin Ying, if you don’t act, then I’m going to leave.”

Qin Ying!

These two words were the name of the greatest ruler at this time in Deer City. A second class noble of Snow Country, one of the four big players of the Deer Mountain Range, the name of the city leader.

The two words from Wang Jianru’s mouth held an undisguised provocation.

But in the direction of the city leader office, there was nothing to be seen. From the start till now, it was completely silent.

The city leader whose words held enormous weight in Deer City, his existence like that of a feudal overlord, remained silent from beginning to end. He did not have the intention of acting in the slightest. Even though all the attention of the city was closely focused on the city leader office but there was not a sound to be heard in the vast architecture.

Wang Jianru stood alone in the blue dome of heaven, overlooking the entire city.

After ten breaths of time, a strange and faint smile appeared on the face of the female sword immortal.

“So you are intelligent.”

The female sword immortal gave the entire Deer City a glance, then shot into the air.

Boom!

Using the power of her physical flesh, using brute force, she broke open a crack on the legendary formation [Million Knots of Earth and Glass]. Her figure transformed into a ray of light, winking away and disappearing in the South West direction from Deer City!

This scene made the four military leaders who witnessed this completely shaken. The faces of the four people instantly showed expressions of shock and disbelief.

Using merely the power of her physical body to break past the great formation created using the entire power of the city, this was too universally shocking. The four military leaders were clear that if it was they themselves, even if they used all their power along with treasures to strike this great formation, it would be useless. They would be like a watermelon hitting the city wall. Their attacks would completely shatter into pieces in an instant, with absolutely no possibility of shaking such a formation.

In this instant, the four dripped cold sweat, a burst of lingering fear.

They only comprehended just now, just what kind of person they had been fighting with.

Especially Chen Jiuxing, he realized how dangerous his situation was previously. He had just taken a loop around the Gates of Hell. If not for Wang Jianru showing mercy for some reason, he would be dead right now. She could slaughter him in an instant— not only slaughter him, even if the four military leaders teamed up, there was a possibility that they would all be slaughtered in a split second.

This woman was far more powerful and terrifying than what they originally imagined.

The four military leaders had all previously seen the battle in the skies. They saw the sword light that appeared in the sky, slicing apart the black clouds permeating the air. But they only thought that the clouds had naturally dispersed. Even if they were chopped apart, this did not represent anything. In the eyes of these people, the fluctuations coming from this sword light was not that intense so the four of them therefore had the confidence to challenge this female sword immortal.

But from what just occurred, it seemed like the distance between their realms was far, far too great. Therefore, at that time they were not able to sense the intricacies lying behind that sword. Only when facing her personally could they sense that frightening [Splitting Heaven sword will] that ravaged everything before its path.

Within Deer City, every force was shaken.

No one had expected that such a large and widespread encirclement and annihilation would ultimately become a farce. The so called four military leaders teaming up to fight against the enemy, right now seemed more like a joke. The four great characters of the city with serious power and prestige, was played with like monkeys. In the final moment, they even lost the courage to attempt to regain their face.

One could imagine, in a long time after, this white-dressed woman holding a sword like an immortal, would become the unforgettable monster that would appear in the dreams of everyone in the city.

Ye Qingyu finished watching, then gradually retreated and disappeared within the crowd.

There were many things that he could not think through.

Wang Jianru’s strength was so powerful, then why did she need to sacrifice those grey-clothed warriors? She absolutely could bring them away before the four military leaders and the [Black Mountain Barracks] arrived. Just who could block her path??

But questions he did not manage to understand did not always need an answer.

Seeing Wang Jianru carrying the little loli disappearing in the horizon, Ye Qingyu felt relaxed in his heart but also as if he had lost something in his life, somewhat regretful and disappointed.

By the time the sun had set, he had returned to the Ye mansion.

Qin Lan and the others anxiously waited for Ye Qingyu. Today, the city was in complete chaos. They were worried that Ye Qingyu would be affected. Only seeing him safely return could Qin Lan rest assured.

Nothing happened during the night.

In the next few days, Ye Qingyu remained in the Ye mansion without returning to White Deer Academy.

Gradually, there were all sorts of information and news that circulated.

Within these news, the one regarding how Xia Houwu died in battle during the attempt to encircle the demonic girl attracted Ye Qingyu’s attention the most.

According to the news coming from the neighbourhood, Xia Houwu had died in battle fighting against the henchmen of the demonic girl. He received the commendation of the [Black Mountain Barracks]. It was said that the Southern military leader Chen Jiuxing went personally to offer his condolences to the Xiahou family, expressing an apology for the fact that he failed to take good care of Xia Houwu.

In reality, in this matter both Xiahou family and Chen Jiuxing were extremely aggravated. Originally, Xia Houwu was to be placed in the back lines, with no need to enter the battlefield and in an extremely safe position. When the moment came, they could just add a few embellishments on his military achievements and give him a military medal. In less than one or two years, he would have propitious wind throughout his journey and his career would advance. Who would have guessed that such a matter would occur. However, even if the Xiahou family felt grief and indignation, they did not dare to criticize the military leader of a district.

But a crack appeared in the relationship between the two parties.

Reportedly, the six other soldiers of the [Black Mountain Barracks] that entered along with Xia Houwu into the field of battle were all noble children of various families in the city. The six of them had only sustained light injuries. Afterwards, when the Xiahou family investigated for several days, they could not discover just who had killed Xia Houwu…

Apart from this, there were various kinds of rumours regarding the demonic girl of darkness.

It had already been confirmed that the so called demonic girl, was born from a common woman in the Qingluo Merchant Company and that she was a student of White Deer Academy. Facing the questioning of all parties, both the Qingluo Merchant Company and White Deer Academy maintained a strange silence.

There were also rumours that this demonic girl had a very good relationship with a student called Ye Qingyu when she was at the academy. The direction of the wind gradually showed a tendency to blow towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu remained motionless from beginning to end.

He stayed within the [Determination Garden] in the Ye mansion, continuing to train.

In order to find the little loli one day, to make her once again remember him, he needed absolute strength. Because Wang Jianru had once said, the strength of the little loli would grow by leaps and bounds. Even if she did not train, she would step into the ranks of the strongest of the world. Ye Qingyu did not have the bloodline or body like that of the little loli, so he could only train bitterly hard.

The strength that Wang Jianru demonstrated had completely stimulated Ye Qingyu.

The battle of the four military leaders in the skies, made Ye Qingyu realize that even the famous experts of Deer City, compared to the vast and boundless Heaven Wasteland domain, were still only ants. He was not satisfied with the current growth of his strength.

With the nameless breathing technique and the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], Ye Qingyu had the confidence to one day soar into the skies.

In the blink of an eye, half a month had passed.

Qin Lan carefully prepared Ye Qingyu’s three meals a day, rarely disturbing him. Every couple of days, Tang San would report back to him regarding the different situations of the properties.

Ever since the day that Ye Qingyu had taken care of Sun Yuhu in the [Taoxuan Pavilion], Liu Yuancheng had not made a move. As a result, the business of [Taoxuan Pavilion] flourished. After the rumours of the Taoxuan incident spread, it led to the related businesses of the Ye family to stabilize, going on the right track day after day.

Such a situation did not interest Ye Qingyu too much, so he only dealt with it a little bit. Seeing this, Tang San could only feel helpless in his heart.

That day.

Ye Qingyu was namely practicing the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General].

Ye Qingyu had already began to grasp the basics of the four moves. The last move, [Sword of Judgement] really had endless mysteries. At the moment, the most Ye Qingyu could do under the direction of his inner yuan was to activate a divine sword the width of his palm. The power it displayed was enough to completely crush an opponent at the same stage of him.

At this time, the sound of knocking was heard.

Qin Lan entered with a strange expression. “Little Yu, someone wants to see you outside the mansion.”

“Me? Who is it?” Ye Qingyu casually asked. He knew that the identity of the person wanting to see him must be special. Because otherwise, if it was the pointless people that wanted to gain information regarding the girl of darkness, or little noble families and merchants wanting to give gifts to him, Qin Lan would definitely prevent them from disturbing him.

“It’s a young man,” Qin Lan said. “He said his name is Xu Ge. He said if you heard his name, you would definitely want to see him.”

Xu Ge?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

The Xu Ge of Azure Phoenix Academy?

What did he want from him that he would come to the Ye mansion to find him?

Ye Qingyu felt somewhat peculiar. After considering, he allowed Qin Lan to let him enter the Ye mansion. Changing into new clothing and taking a quick wash, he headed towards the front hall.

As he went to the front hall, he could see the Xu Ge clothed in white, wearing a faint smile and speaking about something to Qin Lan. It seemed that the atmosphere was not bad.

Ye Qingyu could not deny that if one was to take away the identity that they were enemies in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], Xu Ge was a young man that one could easily like. Cultured and refined, possessing extraordinary talent, he knew when to advance or retreat. With a distinguished way of conversing, he was a talented person that was resplendent like a precious jade.

“That Senior Brother Xu would come to my place is really unexpected.”

Ye Qingyu greeted him, questioning him openly.

Xu Ge had a faint smile, clasping his hands together. “On the first day that I saw Senior Brother Qingyu, I knew I would face a great enemy. Within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], Senior Brother Qingyu really displayed his divine might, making my junior brothers and I dejected and depressed.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, not saying anything.

Qin Lan smiled and said her greetings, then left the front hall.

Xu Ge had a smile. “Senior Brother Qingyu is a person that is straight and to the point. Then I won’t beat around the bush. The expedition party of the Azure Phoenix Academy will leave Deer City three days later and return to the Azure Phoenix City. Me and Elder Chen admires the performance you had very much in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. We want to ask Senior Brother Qingyu whether you had any interest to join our Azure Phoenix Academy?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

