Chapter 1:


Chapter 1 – Four Year Champion

The time of 4 years quickly flew by.

Ye Qingyu was now 14 years old. He was a youth that lived in the poor district of Deer City, which was part of the Snow Country.

4 years ago, within Snow Country’s borders, the air moved restlessly and an apparition appeared.

Ye Qingyu’s parents, during an unprecedented wave of demon attack due to an abnormal turn of events, died in battle. As a result of this, Ye Qingyu became an orphan and the Ye family deteriorated from then on.

Today, was the end of the four-year promise.

“Father, Mother, the four-year promise has been fulfilled!”

As the sundial pointed to the predetermined time, Ye Qingyu’s face that was originally slack suddenly brightened up. His eyes opened wide and in it, you could see a lightning like glimmer.

In that instant, he seemed to turn into another person entirely.

In front of the grave, Ye Qingyu respectfully knelt down and bowed three times. Then, he started digging.

After uncovering the newly turned soil, three inches under, a black box was carefully hidden.

It was an extremely ordinary looking box.

The work outside was shoddy, without a lock and the long-time buried underground has caused obvious signs of rust to appear on the iron box.

Ye Qingyu carefully took out and opened the box, where a bronze badge was lying within.

Under the bright dawn sun, the badge which depicted the crossing of swords, shimmered under the light.

This was the most important possession his parents had left him.

“Mother, Father, according to the promise, I can now do the things I want to do. Can I now return to a normal person? Haha, those folks who have laughed at me for four years, will they be so shocked that their chins will drop?”

When he finished speaking, Ye Qingyu thought of something and a strange smile appeared on his mouth.

After 4 lonely years, despite undergoing hardship and torment, this did not twist Ye Qingyu’s personality at all.

He was still filled with optimism, still filled with confidence.

What he lost was just some unimportant things, but what he gained was truly valuable – a calm, unwavering, determined, and rational heart and a pair of eyes filled with wisdom that could see through lies and falseness.

Only through experiencing hardship, can a person truly be moulded.

For Ye Qingyu, these four years could be comparable to a complete rebirth.

“Haha, for those who have laughed at the Ye family for these four years you guys are about to become extremely unfortunate. I’m a person who is extremely vengeful. Mother, Father, right now I’ll act freely, you will definitely not blame me, isn’t that right?”

Ye Qingyu’s expression was calm and peaceful, as if his parents were sitting in front of him.

Carefully, Ye Qingyu stored the badge away.

Then he suddenly thought of something.

“Also, what the Ye Family have lost, I will take it all back with my own hands. Dad, what you’ve said is correct, without strength all this anger is meaningless. So I’ve decided, I will go to the White Deer Academy to learn first, you guys won’t object right? Wait until I’ve become strong that sword, our property and the Ye Family mansion, I will take it all back!”

The teenager seemed as if he was swearing a solemn oath.

“Ah, that’s right, even though until death you didn’t want me to be involved in this issue, but I will definitely investigate clearly. What happened exactly in the battle to defend the city that caused you to fall …… No matter who stands in my way, I will, one fist at a time, break through the sky and shine the light on the shady folks who will pay the price!”

Ye Qingyu looked at the still tombstone as if he could see his parents’ familiar faces.

His smile was filled with confidence.

In the distance, the golden rays of dawn pierced the morning mist like a sword, and countless beams of light shown.

Ye Qingyu’s body was covered with light and he turned, walking towards the sun.

A legend, although late by four years, but ultimately unstoppable, began in the cemetery slums, quietly rising.

…… ……

According to the rumours, there were countless time warped hidden worlds and these could be divided into countless domains.

The number of domains were like the number of stars in the sky inexhaustible.

But since the beginning of the world, through the chaos of millennia, the number of domains discovered by the strongest of each species were only eighty-one, with the [Qingyun domain], [Aria domain] and the [Southern domain] being the most prosperous.

Every domain was extremely broad and vast, with each forming a small world, giving birth to endless races and countless lives.

The Heaven wasteland domain, was one of the extremely young domains and had only been excavated for less than a hundred years so the reputation was not high.

Within this Heaven wasteland domain, was Deer city, a comparatively remote town in this world.

……

The time was summer.

Within Deer City, the annual White Deer Academy selection process was currently undergoing.

As the best beginner martial training center for thousands of kilometers* since the White Deer college began sixty years ago, it was the dream of countless youths to attend this academy.

As a result of this, since the sun had risen, there were tens of thousands of crazed people, crowded into the entrance of White Deer Academy.

As the bell sounded in the academy, accompanied by countless cheers the selection process for new students had begun.

Gradually, the bright glare of the sun continued to heat up, but this could not stop the enthusiasm of the teenagers.

In addition to the thousands of males and females of suitable age in Deer City, there were also countless youths who fulfilled the admission criteria that travelled here. Disregarding the thousand-mile journey they’ve set off from different villages and settlements, through mountains and rivers, accompanied by their loved ones for protection, to participate in the selection process.

Especially for the countless youths that originated from the poor, this was a chance to change their fate.

Once you pass the selection process and became part of White Deer Academy, it represented that you had taken one step into heaven**.

After training hard and becoming a strong Yuan qi*** warrior, then you can begin changing your poor fate and that of your parents.

In this time, the whole Deer City seemed as if it was undergoing a holiday celebration.

“Ah, have you heard, the daughter of the president of the Cheongna

Commerce Company, Song Qing Luo, who is only 12 years old, have successfully passed through the selection examination in her first try.

Through all six appraisals, she was appraised as excellent and possessing first class talent! This time the Cheongna Commerce

Company will produce a young genius!”

“That doesn’t mean much, the son of South district’s leader, Lee Seungjin, has also been appraised as having first class talent and has long been looked upon favourably by several Elders of White Deer Academy…”

“That’s not too strange, as part of a wealthy family, from when they were small, their roads to becoming strong has already been prepared.

Cultivation techniques, spirit medicines and resources have all been arranged for them. For those rich young masters, they were born with a set of golden keys in their mouth, and as long as they prepare a little bit passing through the White Deer Academy selection process how can it not be simple?”

“That’s right, compared to the lowly students, those aristocratic children won because of the difference in the starting line!”

“It’s hard for a precious talent to be born in a poor family!

Outside White Deer Academy, everyone was discussing heatedly.

People were extremely emotional.

Because from the start of the examination to now, the majority of youths that had passed, came from a wealthy background. And for the poor students that had come to take part in the examination, out of a hundred there were only one or two that were able to pass, causing the small probability to shock everyone.

Those teenagers who had passed were cheering in celebration while those who had been eliminated were crying, their faces fill with despair.

Some families were happy while some were filled with worry.

The air of noble young masters and the depression of the poor teenagers presented a stark contrast.

The martial road, has always been incomparably cruel.

The admission venue selection grounds was at the entrance of the academy.

The entire selection process was conducted under the eyes of everyone.

In this aspect, it was at least fair. For countless poor youths, this was the only chance at changing their fate.

The crowds of people made the entire test area packed.

As the examiner endlessly announced the results, the crowd would emit a shocked exclamation and the despairing sounds of those eliminated would drift out, crying or begging.

At this time, the crowd split apart.

An imposing youth, his face filled with smiles, squeezed out from the crowd and walked towards the selection grounds.

Once the teenager appeared, it attracted the attention of many bystanders.

He looked to be around fourteen to fifteen years old, his clothing simple and his black hair was tied back with a simple rope, falling on the back to his waist like a waterfall. He had a slender physique filled with strength with sword-like eyebrows and star-like eyes, possessing an angular face filled with confidence.

No matter who glanced at him, they would feel a surge of pressure due to his heroic atmosphere.

Although this youth wore a robe that was covered with patches and was evidently too short for him, it was extremely clean. A pair of straw sandals that looked as if it was about to break down was worn. He looked extremely shabby, but his atmosphere was like a victorious general returning from battle.

“Eh? Quickly look, isn’t that Ye Qingyu? That idiot… doesn’t he look… changed?”

“Oi, is that guy going to participate in the admission selection again?”

“Haha, he really came. I remember, that stupid child has already undergone quite a few of White Deer Academy selections?”

“That’s right isn’t it? That guy is a bit crazy, I guess the shock of losing his parents has impacted him too much. It’s been four years of continuous entry into the examination, and every time he can’t even pass the first appraisal. He has long since becoming the biggest joke of Deer City, and he has no sense of shame, he has even come here to be embarrassed again!”

“Hahaha, its all because the venerable Dean of White Deer Academy has once praised him, saying that he was a genius that had the potential to enter the Deer City ranking, even the hidden dragon rankings!

“Maybe the old dean was confused and misjudged…”

“I feel so too, however this poor Ye Qingyu stupidly thought it was for real, coming every time for the examination. Haha, it’s so pitiful, it’s funny!”

The crowd did not bother to disguise their discussion, and the discussion clearly passed into Ye Qingyu’s ears.

His lips carried a faint smile, not caring in the least.

“A bunch of fools, knowing nothing, if not for the… I would have long entered White Deer Academy.”

Ye Qingyu came to the outermost appraisal spot, obtaining the test nameplate.

According to the rules, only after obtaining the nameplate, could he participate in White Deer Academy’s six appraisals. He had already taken part four times in the selection process so he knew about every aspect of the rules very well.

“Eh, isn’t this the four-year champion? He’s coming again this year?” a teenager wearing purple silk clothing said cynically, suddenly stepping near Ye Qingyu.

“Hahaha…”

“After this time, he should be the five-year champion, right? Ah, this is too fearsome…”

*Technically says li (Chinese measurement of distance, roughly equivalent to 500 metres) but since the whole concept of distance is so muddled, I’ll just keep it a smiles.

** Chinese idiom here, 一步登天, where the literal translation is one step into heaven pretty much means you’ve become successful in one go.

***So the term in raw says yuan qi, or 元气. I’m most likely just going to refer to this as qi from now on.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 2:


Chapter 2 – Shock! Hero’s Badge

The surrounding wealthily-dressed youths started laughing in an extremely exaggerated fashion.

Due to the Ye family’s deterioration and the death of Qingyu’s parents according to the Snow Country’s classification, this meant that Ye Qingyu was the classical example of someone from the poor whose position in society was extremely low.

But the former dean of White Deer Academy, during one of his travels coincidentally met Ye Qingyu who was then only six or seven years old.

When he saw Ye Qingyu, he judged that the boy was definitely not ordinary and would definitely enter the rankings of Deer City, even possibly joining the rankings of the Snow Country’s hidden dragon rankings…

Who was the old dean?

His position was extremely high, possessing countless students across the world. He was also Deer City’s number one expert for twenty consecutive years. As such, his word was akin to the law.

Hence such an evaluation caused the then very young Ye Qingyu, to be thrown under the spotlight and scrutiny of countless eyes.

As a result of the evaluation of the old dean, the jealousy of many of the prideful nobles were invoked. He was only a child from a poor lowly family, how could he be evaluated as the number one young genius?

Then what about them, the nobility?

Therefore, this caused the nobility to create trouble for Ye Qingyu and their constant ridicule continued.

Four years ago, after suffering the death of his parents, Ye Qingyu entered the selection process for the first time. At that time, he was only ten but had already attracted the attention of everyone, and his selection was the most eye-catching event of Deer city at that time.

Many people thought the old dean’s words would prove true, and that

Deer City would witness the birth of a genius, but…

Who knew, the truth would be the exact opposite.

Ye Qingyu’s performance was a total mess, without even passing a single appraisal before being eliminated.

He created a record of the fastest candidate being eliminated, and also the worst result in the history of White Deer Academy.

The result of the second and third year examination was the same.

After the second and third failure, the actions of Ye Qingyu became even more strange and crazy in the eyes of everyone. Every day, apart from eating or sleeping, he was sitting in front of his parents’ tombstone. This caused the busybodies who were delighted at Ye Qingyu’s suffering, to give him a nickname of ‘four-year champion’.

All these things, in an instant became a joke.

Right now, after hearing the laughter of his comrades, the wealthily- dressed youth was encouraged even more since he saw the agreement of everyone.

His face was filled with mocking laughter, blocking the way of Ye Qingyu and with an expression that said ‘what can you do about it’?

“Scram.” Ye Qingyu glanced at the teenager, impatiently waving his hand.

“Hahaha!” The wealthily-dressed youth laughed exaggeratingly. “Scram?

What if I don’t scram, what can you do about it, I think it is you who should scram…”

Pak!

Ye Qingyu decisively gave the youth a very simple slap on the face staggering the youth back several steps.

No one knew how great Qingyu’s strength was; it greatly exceeded any of his peers.

This was all due to the nameless breathing technique.

In these four years, when people thought he was merely sitting dumbfounded in front of his parent’s grave, he was cultivating in this nameless breathing technique.

As time passed, the benefits of this breathing technique did not become evident, but Ye Qingyu discovered that his strength has become greater and greater.

It had become so great it was becoming slightly terrifying.

Of course, following the promise made, he did not show off his strength.

But today, there was no longer any need to hide.

The wealthily-dressed teenager was not prepared in the slightest. He stumbled aside, and felt like he was being hit by an iron bar causing half his head to go numb…

He touched his face which was swollen like a rotten peach, an expression of shock and disbelief looking at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu laughed, and in a neutral tone “If you don’t scram, then I’ll slap you. Do you now understand?”

All the nobles breathed in exclamation.

“You dare to hit people here?”

The next instant, the nobles reacted, everyone being as enraged as if the slap was landed on their own faces.

They were as if they were cockerels who had lost their feathers everyone sharply commanding their guards and surrounding Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu’s lip curled in a mocking smile.

He unhurriedly took out a round brass badge, and it sat gleaming in his palm. He laughingly looked at the surrounding guards and nobles and said “Open your dog eyes and have a clear look… If I want to hit, then I’ll hit, what can you do about it?”

“This is…”

When they all saw the brass badge, everyone was dumbfounded.

That was an army medal!

It really was the heroic brass badge!

From the beginning of the Snow Country, the first [Holy Emperor], his majesty Ishiba Yu, in order to set a reward for those who fought in the battle against the wild tribes, created the brass badges. He begged the most talented rune master of Heaven wasteland, Master Mo, and using rare meteorites as raw materials, created one hundred and eight medals of different insignias.

This was the history of army medals.

According to the Snow Country’s laws, those who possess an army medal would have a position equal to that of nobles.

Within the older generation of aristocrats, they suddenly remembered that within the Ye family there was once a Spirit Spring expert who appeared. In the battle to safeguard Deer City, thanks to their heroic feats, a brass heroic badge was awarded…

But since the Ye family deteriorated, and the badge failed to appear many thought the rumours were false, who would have thought… that the rumours were real.

He had the heroic brass badge on him!

And he was standing at the entrance to White Deer Academy!

Apart from the very top aristocrats, who would dare harm Ye Qingyu?

To disrespect the medal holders, was to disrespect that entire Snow

Country; it was an extremely serious crime.

All those people including the wealthily-dressed youth, did not have a title of nobility, and hence was still far from being a true noble. Therefore when they saw the badge, their faces went pale and they quickly knelt towards the ground.

And the guards, who were originally like wolves and tigers, were so scared that their stomach spasmed uncontrollably. They acted like a hyena with its tail between its legs, not daring to lift up their heads.

The laws of the Snow Country were strict especially for nobles, and any violation was a death sentence.

The wealthily-dressed youth was dumbfounded. Only after half a second could he react, his face filled with resentment. His hand cradled the swollen, rotten peach side of his face and on the other side, he glared ferociously at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not back off, but flaunted his badge, his eyebrows perking up. “What? You’re not satisfied?”

The wealthily-dressed teenager struggled briefly for a moment, then finally unwillingly knelt on one knee to the ground.

He was only a child from a wealthy family and not truly a noble. After seeing the brass heroic badge, if he did not kneel, then he was disrespectful towards the heroes and towards the royal family. It was a grave crime.

“What a cheap person, offering their face for me to slap.”

The words of Ye Qingyu angered the wealthily-dressed youth so much that the shape of his nose was about to change.

“I know you’re not satisfied, but you need to understand, all the suffering and humiliation you are having right now, is your own fault. Everyone has to pay for their own words and actions, right now I know in your heart you must be feeling hatred and resentment. Haha, no matter, when the day comes that you feel you are qualified, then you can come at me for revenge,” Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

He did not disguise his domination in the slightest, enjoying humiliating and mocking these arrogant teenagers who were full of superiority.

In truth, through these past years, the wealthily-dressed youth had already done quite a few bad deeds and this was far from his first time in provoking Ye Qingyu. Previously, because of a certain reason, he had always endured.

But today, he did not need to endure anymore.

Ye Qingyu knew long ago the uses and meaning of the heroic brass badge.

But to him, the greatest meaning of the badge was not this, so previously he had never shown it before.

But, when a suitable time arrived, he did not mind to use the badge for a bit.

After stowing the heroic brass badge away, Ye Qingyu smilingly came towards the large redwood table.

From a second year student responsible for distributing the nameplates Ye Qingyu received the admissions nameplate.

“8888? This number is not bad.”

Seeing the wooden nameplate, Ye Qingyu smiled.

He waited in line in the queue, quietly waiting for the appraisal to begin.

And in the swollen face of the wealthily-dressed teenager, there were both fear and hate.

His eyes shimmered with poison and perniciousness.

“Why is it? How can the trash waste be changed to a different person and why does he possess the heroic brass badge in his hands? Damn, if it is known that I was hit by the publicly recognised trash and I did not retaliate, then I’ll become the joke of the entire Deer City!”

The wealthily-dressed youth was about to go crazy from anger.

“Today’s humiliation, I’ll definitely pay back in the future… Eh? That’s not right, Ye Qingyu should be fourteen years old, if he still is not a martial artist then doesn’t it mean…”

The wealthily-dressed youth suddenly thought of something.

A touch of excitement suddenly appeared in his eyes.

…… ……

Waiting in line, was truly a long and pointless process.

After a total of two hours, Ye Qingyu finally arrived in the grounds of the first appraisal.

Within the White Deer Academy’s six appraisals, the first appraisal tested the body and blood of the practitioner.

This was because in the Heaven wasteland domain, no matter who cultivation began with training the body. Only when the body was trained to the extreme, could you begin to experience qi in Heaven and Earth and cultivate, so the cultivator’s body and blood was extremely important.

The more exuberant the blood, the easier it was to train the body, and hence the probability of cultivating succeeding was greater.

And the appraisal process to test the blood was extremely simple. In the selection grounds, there stood nine different ancient stone cauldrons* and within these stone structures there were ancient runes engraved upon it. The examinee would lift up the stone cauldron, causing the stone cauldron and the runes to be activated and then the blood of the examinee could be tested.

This was the most primitive method but also the most effective.

One teenager after another followed the arrangement of the academy and underwent the testing.

As the cauldron was lifted, the runes on the cauldron glowed with a dim red light and the formation on the ground would enter the body of the examinee, causing their body to glow with a blood red light, shimmering in all directions.

The higher the brightness of the blood light and the larger the area it covered, represented the stronger the blood qi.

Through the talented blood of the examinee and through the power of the formation, they glowed with a light that was akin to a flame, dyeing the entire testing area blood red.

“Number 8677, Yu Long, the fourth cauldron, three hundred and twenty pounds of force…. passed!”

“Number 8884, Zhao Gu, the first cauldron, eighty pounds of force… failed!”

“Number 8884, Xu Fei, the third cauldron, one hundred and eighty pounds of forced… passed!”

The examiner’s voice, through the use of qi, spread everywhere, clearly entering the ears of everyone.

*so not sure if it has an English equivalent, hence just put cauldron.

Here’s some English images : https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=google+translate&oq=google+tra&a qs=chrome.0.69i59j69i57j0l4.1272j0j7&sourceid=chrome&es_sm=93&ie

=UTF-8#q=%E9%BC%8E

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 3:


Chapter 3 – Does My Decision Need An Explanation?

After successfully going through the appraisal, both Yu Long and Xu Fei were filled with excitement. Both their body’s dazzling blood red light could illuminate an area around them of around 10 feet. They both raised their fists and shouted in joy.

And as for the failed Zhao Gu, his appearance was ordinary, even slightly shabby, looking as if he was around fifteen years of age. His blood light had not even shone to more than a foot away, and was extremely weak.

Hearing the judgement, the poor youth looked as if he has lost his last strand of energy, collapsing on the ground with tears falling down his face.

He knew, that from now on, he no longer had any destiny with the martial way.

15 years old was the limit for entering White Deer Academy. For the poor teenagers like Zhao Gu, who possessed no resources or cultivation techniques, failing the appraisal meant they would have to struggle an ordinary life akin to being an ant.

“Number 8888…”

It was finally Ye Qingyu’s turn.

After handing his nameplate to the supervisor, he walked to the stone cauldron in the middle of the grounds.

In every previous appraisal, Ye Qingyu was eliminated at this stage.

Because even for the lightest eighty pound cauldron, he could not budge it in the slightest, let alone lift it. His body would not emit the slightest hint of the blood red light, and hence he became the biggest joke of Deer City.

But in Ye Qingyu’s heart, he was clear as to the reason why…

And today, let all the mockery and scorning end.

Because today, he no longer needed to hide his true power.

Ye Qingyu could almost feel the blood in his body burning.

If not for the promise, Ye Qingyu believed that he would have long shocked and amazed the entire Deer City.

But when his palm touched the handles of the rough, cold cauldron and he was yet to lift it, behind him suddenly came the bland voice of the supervisor. “Wait a minute, you’re Ye Qingyu? Nonsense, who permitted you to enter the examination? Right now, you cannot go through the appraisal, just stand aside for now.”

Ye Qingyu halted suddenly, turning behind him to look.

He saw in front of the appraisal ground, behind the big table, and under the cover of a rainbow canopy, a middle-aged supervisor with a goatee.

He sat on his chair, expressionlessly staring at Ye Qingyu.

This person was the blood qi appraisal ground’s main supervisor.

“Why?” said Ye Qingyu, frowning.

The middle-aged supervisor with a goatee did not have the slightest expression and said in a condescending tone:

“Why? Oh, if I let you wait, then you should just wait honestly. I’m the main supervisor here, does my decision need to be questioned by the trash who was consecutively the fastest to be eliminated for four years?

Ye Qingyu was angered, and was about to say something.

But the next instant, a light appeared in his eyes and he saw a youth standing near the middle-aged supervisor. The youth’s expression was filled with mockery and contempt, and he was glaring with a poisonous expression at Ye Qingyu.

It was the wealthily-dressed youth that he had slapped previously.

Ye Qingyu was suddenly cheered.

So it was this little bastard here causing trouble.

But this little kid was only the child of a merchant family and not a noble how could he get a teacher of White Deer Academy to help him? Ye Qingyu feared the situation was not as simple as it seemed, there was definitely someone acting behind the scenes.

Mindful of this, Ye Qingyu was not impatient anymore.

After enduring for so many years, was there still people in Deer City who had not let down their guards?

Ye Qingyu decided to play with them for a bit, to see who the person behind them was.

Deciding, Ye Qingyu calmly looked at the middle-aged goateed supervisor, his eyes bright and laughingly said, “Are you sure you really want me to wait?”

The middle-aged goateed supervisor could sense the challenge in the teenager’s voice.

As the supervisor, he felt an anger from being disrespected and coldly said, “You trash, letting you enter the appraisal is just wasting others’ time. Slowly wait, heh, as long as another person is still going through the selection process, then you will still wait until the end.

Ye Qingyu decisively nodded his head. “Okay.”

Then he folded his arms and stood there patiently.

This time, Ye Qingyu did not show his brass badge.

Because in his heart, he was clear that even if the brass badge could deter those wealthy teenagers without much experience, but it could not force the official supervisor of White Deer Academy to lower his head.

After all, the academy supervisors did not fall under the rule of the royal family, and their position was relatively high.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu’s mentality of a prankster had surfaced.

He needed to cause a big incident, to focus the eyes of all of Deer City here and then he will announce to the whole city—

The real Ye Qingyu, has returned!

The other side—

“The next one, continue with appraisal…”

The middle-aged goateed supervisor let out a victorious smile, and lazily announced that the appraisal will continue.

The power to change and manipulate other people’s fate brought him such pleasure that he was intoxicated.

And the things that happened here, very quickly seemed to have grown wings, rumours quickly spreading out.

In truth, every year at this time, things concerning the ‘Four-year champion’, idiot Ye Qingyu no matter whether it was an action or a word would become a topic of heated discussion.

Originally, perhaps some people had some expectations for this youth.

But today, he had already become a total joke.

As the news spread out, and time passed, more and more people crowded into the blood qi appraisal grounds.

Everyone wanted to see, what kind of event Ye Qingyu would cause this time.

Countless eyes and stares were concentrated on Ye Qingyu.

Even the youths who were undergoing the appraisal failed to attract the attention of the crowd.

From start to finish, Ye Qingyu really patiently waited.

In the blink of an eye, one day had already passed.

……

The second day.

Ye Qingyu still appeared on time at the appraisal grounds.

On his face, there was no hint of anger but rather a mocking smile.

Numerous gloating glances, mocking stares and even pitying gazes endlessly focused upon Ye Qingyu but he seemed to be totally unmoved.

The appraisal process continued.

As the main supervisor announced the results, similar scenes of joy and despair endlessly acted out.

Another day had passed.

The fourth day…

The fifth day…

The sixth day…

The seventh day…

Only on the ninth day did the number of people entering the appraisal begin to lessen.

The originally packed selection grounds gradually began to thin out.

The majority of boys and girls had already finished their examination with the results differing. Occasionally, there would be some examinees that had come far from Deer City and after receiving their nameplate, quickly underwent the six appraisals.

Ye Qingyu as always, was waiting at the first appraisal grounds, blood qi testing.

This appraisal ground, because of the existence of Ye Qingyu, had long become the grounds with the largest spectators.

The middle-aged goateed supervisor calmly sat on his chair.

He would occasionally look at Ye Qingyu, his eyes filled with contempt and mockery, and a very well disguised anger. Ye Qingyu’s insistence to stay caused more and more people to come here to spectate, causing the middle-aged supervisor to feel slightly uncomfortable. He had long forgotten that it was he who was originally making things difficult for the teenager.

Another day had passed.

It was finally the tenth day.

It was also the last day that White Deer Academy would accept students.

In the morning, only three youths came rushing to accept their nameplates and undergo appraisal and in the afternoon, no one had come to undergo appraisal.

“This middle-aged supervisor has gone a little too far, no matter how much of a trash Ye Qingyu is, you still can’t take away his right of examination!”

“That’s right, furthermore Ye Qingyu’s father died in the battle to defend

Deer City and was rumoured to possess a heroic brass badge. How can you treat the descendants of heroes like this? This is too cold hearted isn’t he afraid of punishment from the Snow Country’s royal family?

“In this aspect you are mistaken, his father has long died even if Ye Qingyu has inherited the heroic brass badge he is still not the original owner. Furthermore, he is also from a poor background, according to the laws of the Snow Country, this badge can only protect him until he is fourteen. After that, the city district leader will take back the badge…”

“This Ye Qingyu really is a pitiful child who has a hard life.”

Everyone discussed heatedly, apart from the gloating wealthy aristocrats and some people with ulterior motives, the majority had some pity for Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu looked at the sundial far away, and seeing that the time was right, walked towards the appraisal grounds.

After walking a few steps, a sudden fragrance wafted across.

From the crowds, out walked a beautiful young girl.

She stood in front of Ye Qingyu.

This girl looked to be about thirteen to fourteen years old, wearing White

Deer Academy’s fire red uniform of a fourth year student. The skin at her neck was like delicate white jade, her collarbone detailed, her face was like it came out of a painting and she had a beautiful nose and cherry lips. Through the accompaniment of the tight fitting swordsman uniform her figure was even more exquisite, with long slender legs and a slim waist bringing with it a slight soul stealing desire.

She was definitely a real beauty.

“I’ve heard you are causing trouble again.” The young girl stared at Ye

Qingyu with a reproachful look.

Causing trouble?

Ye Qingyu hesitated and frowned, and said, “Xiaohan…”

The beautiful girl was named Jiang Xiaohan, and it was her, in the most difficult time of Ye Qingyu’s life, in front of the deserted cemetery, said to him: “Let’s never meet again.”

After three years had passed, she had become White Deer Academy’s official student, with outstanding results, she had become like a phoenix.

She had become more beautiful and exceptional, and was not like the little braided girl who had always followed behind Ye Qingyu, needing his protection.

“Please don’t be so intimate with me, call me by my full name, Jiang Xiaohan.” The red clothed girl impatiently interrupted what Ye Qingyu was about to stay and condescendingly said, “It’s been four years, Ye Qingyu. Why don’t you honestly accept your fate and willingly become ordinary? Without any martial talent, no matter how you struggle, all is useless. Rather than becoming a laughing stock, why don’t you become a normal person and safely live your entire life.”

So you really came here to speak like this?

Ye Qingyu laughed, suddenly not wanting to speak anymore, being too lazy to explain anything to her.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 4:


Chapter 4 – The Phoenix and the Loach

But Jiang Xiaohan, with a seemingly well-meaning attitude, continued preaching —

“From when we were small and were neighbours, I knew you were outstanding previously and you aided me a lot. However, no matter how outstanding you were, that was when we were children, now that we have grown, I am no longer the little girl who would exclaim in excitement after you help me get a bird’s egg. You also don’t need to use this method to catch my attention… Truly, Ye Qingyu, remembering the fact that we were once neighbours, I can give you a word of advice: accepting your fate is the best, don’t provoke those people who you cannot afford to provoke!”

Me?

Trying to catch your attention?

Ye Qingyu laughed at this.

Where did the self-confidence of this girl come from?

Too lazy to speak, Ye Qingyu walked past Jiang Xiaohan, directly towards the appraisal ground.

Jiang Xiaohan expression changed entirely, deciding that she was too enraged, sighed with a pitying voice: “I know my words may be too straightforward, it might hurt your self-esteem but I really mean well.

From the moment you failed your assessment, it was fated that we would not be people from the same world…”

Ye Qingyu continued walking without turning back.

He went straight towards the middle-aged goateed supervisor, and said bitingly, “Ah, right now, I can take part in the appraisal right?”

The goateed supervisor sat and slowly lifted his teacup, drinking a sip of tea and squinted. He did not answer the question but said, “Do you see the bystanders around the grounds? Why do you think they have come?”

“They have come to see someone be humiliated,” Ye Qingyu blandly said.

“I thought you didn’t know, so you did realise, they’ve come to see you be humiliated.” The goateed supervisor’s face had a mocking smile, his gaze was as if he was observing a little clown, and said, “If you understand, then why are you in such a rush to be humiliated?”

“Perhaps the person who will be humiliated is someone else?” Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

The goateed supervisor again lifted his teacup, drank a sip, then comfortably settled into his chair and said: “It looks like you are still not satisfied… then wait some more.”

“But I don’t want to wait anymore,” Ye Qingyu said opposingly.

The middle-aged goateed supervisor only coldly laughed.

His face was filled with an expression of contempt when looking at Ye Qingyu, as if he had heard a joke. He did not both to respond; he was only a child from a poor family, akin to asmall worm-like thing, how could he dare confront him?

“Just by looking at the attitude you have when speaking to the supervisors, you are not fit to enter the White Deer Academy.” The wealthily-dressed youth walked triumphantly from the crowd, his face filled with an expression of gloat and victory at his revenge succeeding.

Ye Qingyu gave him a glance. “It’s you again? Do you want to be slapped? Scram to one side.”

The wealthily-dressed youths face darkened, subconsciously cradling half of his face, feeling the pain in his teeth even now.

In his eyes appeared a trace of fear, and he backed away a step but then he thought of something and said angrily, “Oi, do you really think I’m afraid of you now? Trash, why don’t you go and have a look at the rankings in the examination? In the rankings, I’m ranked one thousand three hundred and nine, that’s me, hahaha. Right now I’m officially a student of White Deer academy, what about you? What kind of thing are you?”

“Liu Ye is it not?” Ye Qingyu had a faint smile on his face. “Good, I’ve remembered, very quickly you’ll know what kind of thing I am.

Remember, wash your face clean for me to hit.”

“You don’t know death; you still dare to be so arrogant. Hehe, you think I don’t know? According to your age, if you don’t manage to enter White

Deer Academy, then the city leader will quickly take back the badge. You damn clown trash, you are being played around by me, you still don’t know fear…”

Liu Ye coldly laughed, his face filled with curses and hatred.

Ye Qingyu was too lazy to bother with him anymore.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to look at the middle-aged goateed supervisor, his expression filled with contempt. In front of all the bystanders, he bitingly said, “For White Deer Academy to have such a garbage instructor is really humiliating.”

“You… What did you say? How insolent! The middle-aged goateed instructor stuttered, he would never have thought that Ye Qingyu would dare insult him. Instantly, he was furious and outraged.

“It was only out of respect for White Deer Academy that I was willing to wait ten days. Are you really so innocent that you believed it was because I was scared of you?” Ye Qingyu coldly laughed, and said “You’re not going to let me take part in the appraisal? Very well, later you will regret it. In a very short time, I will make you come to me to beg me to take the appraisal.

After finishing, Ye Qingyu promptly turned around and left.

“You… arrogant! Me come to beg you? I’ll regret it? Hahaha, it seems you’ve really gone crazy…” The goateed supervisor was so angry that his entire body was shaking.

He had never seen such an arrogant and ridiculous teenager. After being eliminated for four years running under his supervision, right now he still dares to threaten me?

At this time the crowd was heating up.

Ye Qingyu was really going to cause an event again?

As everyone knew, White Deer Academy would definitely not let those who exceeded fifteen years of age to enter the academy. So for Ye Qingyu, this was his last chance to enter the academy. After being eliminated for four years running, would this be his last crazed struggle or would he create a miracle?

Before, after every elimination, Ye Qingyu would always peacefully leave.

But this time, it was not the same.

“Where is that little kid going to go?”

“Haha, looks like there is going to be a show, lets follow and have a look.”

“I don’t know why, but I feel that something is definitely going to happen today.”

The bystanders followed behind Ye Qingyu, everyone wanted to know what he would do. Apart from the normal bystanders who liked to watch the drama, there were also very many youths who had already passed the examination that also followed, forming a flood-like torrent.

“Hmph, the last struggle before death. I’ll go and see what kind of waves a trash like you can make.”

The wealthily-dressed youth’s facial expression changed many times and after hesitating for a bit, finally followed the crowd.

He did not know why, but in his heart there was the birth of a shred of unease.

And as for the middle-aged goateed supervisor, he sat far away with a look of cold disdain.

“I’ll sit here and wait, we’ll see who’ll be begging whom!” ……

The beautiful Jiang Xiaohan peacefully stayed where she stood.

In that instant, within her eyes, the image of her childhood hero who seemed as if he could accomplish everything, gradually faded away.

Right now, Ye Qingyu seemed like a clown who was fooling himself, and was undergoing his last crazed struggles.

She decided, what was waiting for him was his fifth failure, and after that he would sink forever…

“Why don’t you understand my pains.” Jiang Xiaohan’s expression was filled with condescending pity, sighing and shaking her head.

“Who is the guy who is so unaware, that he doesn’t understand junior sister Xiaohan’s pains?” A tall handsome young man appeared without a sound right next to Jiang Xiaohan, his tone indifferent with a smile that was not quite a smile.

“Senior Brother Xiaofei, you’ve come?” When Jiang Xiaohan saw this person, a smile appeared on her face.

On Xiaofei’s face, there was his signature bland smile.

He was one of the movers and shakers of the fourth year students in White Deer Academy. Coming from a background of nobles, he was refined and handsome, charming and personable. Regardless of what perspective you look at him with, be it family background, strength or talent, you could say that he was perfect.

In truth, he had always been the crush of countless female students. His signature smile was like a spring breeze and bright sunlight, causing countless girls of Deer City to go crazy for him.

It was even said that there were some young female teachers who had also confessed to him. He was one of the most remarkable people in White Deer Academy.

“Today is the last day of the academy selection process. I’ve come here to have a look, I hear this time our academy has managed to recruit not an insignificant number of young geniuses.” Han Xiaofei looked at the crowd of people dispersing towards one direction, and said, “Is it that Ye Qingyu causing trouble again? A pity… I’ve heard that junior sister Xiaohan once had a crush on him.”

Jiang Xiaohan had a faint smile, and nodded her head. “This was when I was still a child and did not understand anything, I thought he was very amazing but I did not really have a crush on him… And now that I’ve grown up, me and him, we are not people in the same world… My world is just beginning, while his is destined to be ordinary. Everything of his should just come to an end!”

“En*, junior sister Xiaohan being able to see things clearly is very good.

As a martial practitioner, one should look ahead and not be bothered by insignificant people. You are a phoenix who can fly in the nine heavens and in the end he is just a loach who could not get past the gate,” Han Xiaofei blandly said.

……

Ye Qingyu’s aim, was the second appraisal grounds.

The meridians** examination grounds.

As it was the afternoon of the last day, the examination grounds was practically deserted, without even a single examinee.

The lead supervisor and several students who were responsible for recording the results was sitting aimlessly behind the large wooden desk having a conversation. After the sun had set, this year’s examination, will have ended.

In the middle of the appraisal grounds, there stood a life sized bronze statue.

The bronze statue was extremely life-like, as if it was a piece of art. In every inch of its body, lines of varying thickness were engraved throughout, intersecting each other. Every single line was connected to a red acupuncture point. It seemed very strange and full of mystery, but what it represented was the body’s twelve standard meridians and eight extraordinary vessels***.

That statue was named as the [Bronze Meridian Human]

It was the tool used to test the grade of meridian of the examinees in White Deer Academy’s examination.

When undergoing the appraisal, all the examinee had to do was place their hand on the back of the [Bronze Meridian Human], and allow the statue’s energy from its spirit stones to enter their body, then the grade of the meridians could be determined.

Ye Qingyu came in front of the supervisor’s table, handing them his nameplate.

“Number 8888, Ye Qingyu?

The lead supervisor of the meridian was a white-haired old man.

The old man looked at Ye Qingyu with a shocked glance; evidently he had heard about Ye Qingyu before. There was a flash of surprise in his eyes but he did not say anything and allowed the people behind him to review the results of the Jade scroll. After, he frowned and said, “This is not right, did you not enter the blood qi appraisal?”****

“I want to first enter the meridian testing,” Ye Qingyu said calmly.

———-

*Tone of affirmation. Not really any English equivalent.

** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meridian_(Chinese_medicine) ***Look at the wiki link if you want to find out more ^.^ **** https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=%E7%8E%89%E7%AE%80&sourc e=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwip37T9sazJAhXC1xoKHYYwC

V4Q_AUIBygB&biw=1280&bih=578#imgrc=67tHBDMCOsakeM%3A

Something like this

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

