Chapter 237:


Chapter 237 - White Browed Yu

The moonlight was reflected on the white clothes like water.

Ye Qingyu returned to the entrance of the caves.

There were several hundred people of the sects that had already transformed into ice sculptures. They were either fractured or otherwise completely intact. It added a few extra points of otherworldly and bizarre beauty to this chaotic new recruit training camp. The holy moonlight shined on every ice sculpture, causing it to be translucent like jade, the lines smooth to the extreme. Every one of their expressions was realistic and lively, as if it was a perfect piece of art.

No one would ever imagine that these ice sculptures were constructed from flesh and blood.

Ye Qingyu once again inspected Ye Congyun’s wounds.

The situation was not positive.

Although Ye Qingyu had used his inner yuan to extend his life, but the body of the young officer originally belonged to those with weak blood[1] [2] . He originally had a weak foundation and after experiencing this cruel torture, his original condition got even worse. Ye Qingyu had used the secret technique of martial artists to buy a lease to his life, but it would not last long. Although Ye Congyun's complexion seems much better and his face seemed less pale, but in reality the life force within his body was like a candle in the wind. It could snap at any moment in time.

This was not the way to go if this continued.

Ye Qingyu thought it over then took out a [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] saying, "Your injuries are not light. Ingest this medicine, it can boost your life force. When this matter is settled, I will go find the military doctor to help you take care of your body.” "You don't need to worry about me Marquis." Ye Congyun rushed to refuse. "Subordinate I already feel much better. After resting for a while in the camp, I will be fine after several days.”

Although he did not know the background of that jade-like Longan pill in Marquis Ye's hand was, but in this world, once it had some relationship to the word 'pill', then it must be something extremely valuable. Ye Qingyu was able to sense the care of the new nobility within Youyan Pass, Marquis Ye. Apart from feeling excited, he was also somewhat conflicted. As the saying goes, he could not accept a reward without doing anything, so Ye Congyun did not want to easily accept the favour of Ye Qingyu.

"There are still some problems in your body. First take the medicine. we'll speak of other matters later." Ye Qingyu gave off a smile saying, "Your brother is my friend, so I should take care of you. As for your weak constitution, I will help you solve it later.” "Brother?" Ye Congyun was taken aback, his expression somewhat confused. "My brother, half a year ago, he already… could it be?"

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, not concealing anything. "Your brother died to save me. I sent many people to search for you in Youyan Pass, but I could not find you at all until now. If not for the fact that I coincidentally encountered your name today, I don't know just how long I would have been searching for.”

Ye Congyun lowered his head. A teardrop, flashed by in his eyes.

He very quickly lifted his head. His expression returning to normal, returning as calm as he ever was.

"I have already learned of my brother’s death in the notice of the army. So he died protecting Marquis you. My brother has always been honoured to serve within the [Youyan army]. After being allocated as a sentry in the watchpost, he had no way of continuing to slaughter the demons so he had always been unhappy. He once said to me that he entered in the army not for power or glory but to protect the borders and protect his race. Even if in the end he gives up his life on the battlefield, he will die with no regrets. I believe that by dying to protect you, he will have died with no regrets at all. If he is able to know what you have done today in Youyan Pass right now, he will definitely feel pride and excitement.”

There was a faint smile appearing on the face of the young officer.

He lifted his head to look at the blue green moonlit sky. In the clustered stars, it was as if he could see his brothers strict but kind smile.

"Ingest the medicine. I'll guard you." Ye Qingyu handed over the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. "If you're brother is aware in the heavens, he will also hope that you will live on. If you are able to inherit his wishes and soar to the skies within Youyan Pass, he will definitely be even more happy. But first of all, you must take care of your own body.”

Ye Congyun thought for a bit, but did not see any reason to refuse so he took the pill.

The [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] dissolved instantly in the mouth, and a cold feeling spread throughout his body. Then it became painful, like a steel needle running through his muscles. Ye Congyun let out a low grunt, beads of sweat appearing on his forehead. But the pain once again incited his body, making his life energy explode yet again. The pain very quickly disappeared, turning into pure inner yuan that travelled throughout his body, repairing his injured body and restoring his vitality.

Ye Qingyu stood guard by one side. One of his palms was pressed against Ye Congyun's shoulder, so he could clearly sense everything that happened.

The effects of the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was even better than what he had imagined.

No wonder yuan qi was the purest energy in this world. Under the restorative properties of the yuan qi in the pill, the injuries of the young officer recovered rapidly.

A [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was equal to half a year’s cultivation of a thirty to forty Spirit springs expert. The medicinal properties were powerful but absolutely not dominating. Even if used on Ye Congyun who had not even entered into the Spirit spring stage, he was still able to withstand it.

But pills to increase yuan qi were after all not entirely suitable for treating illnesses.

To want to continue bolstering Ye Congyun's life force, and to want to solve the problem of his weak blood constitution[3] , there was still a need for an alternative method.

As Ye Qingyu was thinking of just what he could do to solve Ye Congyun's problem, there were strong energy fluctuations coming from the outside. The air was parted as numerous figures tore through the skies like shooting stars, arriving in the chaotic camp.

"There are true experts arriving!"

Ye Congyun awakened from his state of recovery. Seeing this scene, he was stunned.

Ye Qingyu was like as if he had long predicted this scene. There was a smile of disdain on his lips, but within the smile, there was another chill that made the Ye Congyun by his side feel as if a sharp blade was pressing against his heart. This feeling was just like when Ye Qingyu had acted to slaughter all the Jianghu people in the camps.

Boom!

The instant numerous experts landed, a powerful yuan qi fluctuation swept the entire new recruit training camp.

These were the true experts of the sects.

The instant this aura appeared, it made even Ye Qingyu feel suffocation.

There were four people in total who had appeared. Two were young, one was wearing a uniform armour and was somewhat handsome. His body was tall and slender and was namely the distribution officer of the military supply department, Zhao Ruyun. The other had white eyebrows and a hook nosed, tall and slim. He had an authoritative aura around his body, like a peerless long sword. And the middle men next to these two wore loose clothes of the sects. They had a natural authority on their faces, evidently characters who had held high statuses and positions for a length period of time. Their aura was not normal at all.

The instant the four appeared, they instantly went near the center of the new recruit training camp.

The scene in front of them caused the colour of their faces to change abruptly.

"What has happened? Everyone… has died! This is the Empire's camp, just who would dare to appear to kill people? Who did it, scram out right now…" Zhao Ruyun was the first person to burst out and let out a scream. Evidently he was extremely shocked and furious.

The other three noticed at the first instant Ye Qingyu and Ye Congyun's existence.

Between experts, one could sense the opponent even without using eyes but through aura alone.

And they were able to recognize Ye Qingyu the first moment they laid their eyes on him.

[The Leaf of Youyan] already had a significant fame in killing people within the Jianghu. Especially amidst the Jianghu people in Youyan Pass. After experiencing the events of these past days, Ye Qingyu was a character they were extremely wary off. There were long portraits of Ye Qingyu circulated between the large sects. Even if they did not see Ye Qingyu before personally, after seeing the portrait, they would know just how the new Marquis with such a killing intent looked like.

These three had gazed at the portrait before, so they instantly recognized Ye Qingyu.

The fourth to react, was Zhao Ruyun

The him with bolstering aura, when he saw Ye Qingyu, both his knees weakened. He nearly bowed to the ground with a bang. At that moment, Zhao Ruyun really wished he could turn back and leave. He hoped with all his heart that he had not appeared here today. It was a pity that everything was already too late… "Ma— Mar… Marquis Ye, what are you doing there?"

The attitude of Zhao Ruyun greatly changed.

Even today, he could still recall the scene of him assisting Zhang San returning to the great hall of the military supply department. The cold spot of blood that Zhang San spat out was enough to freeze the bravery of Zhao Ruyun. Ever since then, this incomparably arrogant distribution officer, became like a different person. The majority of the time he was somewhat distracted.

Ye Qingyu gave him a glance, not saying anything.

He really did not want to waste his time on such a character.

His gaze fell on the three people beside Zhao Ruyun, carefully evaluating.

Opposite.

"You are Ye Qingyu?" the white-eyebrowed hook nosed young man finally opened his mouth. His tone held an unconcealed arrogance. "You are not as great as the rumours suggest… what, was it you who killed all the people here?" “White Browed Yu” Ye Qingyu frowned. "The Setting Sun and Great River sect?"

The white browed young man was slightly taken aback, then began proudly smiling, "You've heard of my name? Haha… today within the camp, there are three disciples of the Setting Sun and Great River sect. It seems like Marquis Ye did not let them go. The title of butcher is indeed quite fitting for you. I wonder what the reason that you have killed tonight is…" "I did not imagine that the Setting Sun and Great River sect would fall to such depths. Good, very well." Ye Qingyu nodded his head, not waiting for him to finish his sentence before breaking him off. “Since you have arrived here today, then don't leave."

As he spoke to here, his gaze moved to the authoritative middle-aged men next to him. Coldly sneering, "Tell me what are your identities so that the great prison of the Vanguard can prepare manacles and shackles for you." "Ridiculous," the middle-aged man with a long beard on the left said, shaking his head. "If a young man has some abilities, it is understandable if he is a little arrogant. But you, you think you are far too important. You really think that just by relying on the tiny little position of a Marquis, you can do as you wish? If other people respect you, you are a Marquis. If they don't respect you, you are only an arrogant and loud mouthed junior. Don't pretend to be self-important in front of me, you are by far not enough." "You really have too many useless words." Ye Qingyu coldly laughed. "Old thing, state your name."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 238:


Chapter 238 - Break apart the legend

“You… arrogance!" The other white faced beardless middle-aged man coldly sneered. "In Jianghu, everyone says that Ye Qingyu is a killing demon without emotions. I originally did not believe this, at least the military department had given you the titled of a heroic and loyal Marquis. I thought that you had to have something special. But from the situation right now, it seems like I was wrong. No respect for your elders, arrogant and wild, slaughtering your own race, treacherous… that person is you, Ye Qingyu!"

The white face middle-aged man was evidently the higher up of a sect, with a distinctive and special aura. When he was young, he must be a handsome man. When his anger was invoked, there was a pressuring aura that was given off.

Ye Qingyu pressed his lips together in disdain.

Who did not know how to accuse someone.

If accusing someone was able to solve problems, then what was the point of the Patrolling sword envoy?

Therefore tonight, Ye Qingyu did not even think about reasoning with this bunch of people.

As long as you think a little, you would be able to realize that the people who arrived the quickest after the hidden array was destroyed must be the people who had some sort of relationship with the army camp. They were definitely not good people. And yet they were still using the same methods of threat and intimidation here; these Jianghu people, did they think that such methods worked everywhere? "It's fine if you don't state your name. After all, none of you is innocent. When I've captured you and interrogated you, I'll find out then."

Ye Qingyu was too lazy to argue with these people.

"Hahaha, you are really crazy. Today I will stand here. Ye Qingyu, if you have the ability, then capture me."

White Browed Yu could not help but chuckle out loud. Even if Ye Qingyu was the Marquis, he was not afraid. This Ye Qingyu really was overestimating himself if he wanted to use his position as Marquis to suppress the people of the Jianghu.

The other two men also laughed.

The martial cultivation of the sects, was much more detailed and intricate than the experts who had originated from the army. It was not something the experts of the armies were able to withstand. An example of the difference between these groups was their observation skills. The two middle-aged men were the elders of the top three schools and top sects, and had been famous for many years. They were able to discern with one glance that the Ye Qingyu described as legendary by other people, was only at the thirty Spirit springs stage. He was only a slightly strong junior, just what great turmoil could he cause…

The White Browed Yu was one of the rising stars of the younger generation in the Setting Sun and Great River sect. Many years ago, he had already stepped into the realm of the Fifty Spirit springs. And in these years, his martial cultivation had improved even more. His battle record was extremely fearsome in the Jianghu, and it was hard to find someone that was able to fight against him at the same age. There was a difference when compared to the young leaders of the six top sects, but facing an arrogant person only at the thirty Spirit springs stage, how could Ye Qingyu not easily fall into his hands?

The Ye Qingyu just how had he became so famous.

But he really was far too arrogant.

Fine, then today he would decisively destroy this person that was known as the little legend of the [Youyan army]. He would make the entire military know what was the true power of the sects in case they thought that because this tiny little officer was able to defeat the Xuan sect, the [Five Poisons Gongzi]; this represented they could step all over the top six sects.

Opposite.

"People really won't cry until they see the coffin."

Ye Qingyu shook his head, slowly moving his body.

Thirty Snow Dragon illusions, like flowing light, shot our roaring from within his body. In the wind all around him, there was suddenly a chill in the air with dragon roars. There was an indistinct quiver in the air that gradually became clearer and clearer. Ye Qingyu's aura was like the surging tide, becoming even more and more violent, like the forming of an avalanche. Slowly and slowly, force built up, becoming a power that nothing could stand in his way!

White Browed Yu coldly sneered.

"Your strength is definitely powerful amongst those of the thirty Spirit springs. But compared to me, the difference is far too great," he said sneeringly. "Ice attribute yuan qi is far too commonly seen. And what is even more of a pity is that…" Saying that, he slowly and grandly flicked his finger, and an orange flame suddenly came from the tip of his finger. With mockery, "What is even more of a pity, is that your ice inner yuan is coincidentally completely suppressed by the power of my fire!"

A surge of hot air followed along with the appearance of the orange flame that began originating from White Browed Yu.

Next to him, there was also a slight smile of mockery on the faces of the middle-aged men of the sects.

Opposite.

There was also an expression of mockery on Ye Qingyu's face.

"Does flames really always suppress ice?" His lips split apart, his white teeth like the glimmer of blades under the glow of the moonlight. "What kind of retard told you that? That’s right, you must feel that thirty Spririt springs of cultivation is not enough. Then right now…"

As he said these words.

Ye Qingyu activated the [First limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way].

Boom!

Light winds erupted.

Ye Qingyu's yuan qi power instantly doubled.

"Aoooooooo…”

The roar of dragons was like a bell sounding out in the skies, spreading everywhere in the wind, causing one’s ear drums to shudder.

His aura, in that instant, madly and mercilessly grew.

If Ye Qingyu's previous aura was like the roaring tides of the sea, then at this moment, it had already turned into a surging tsunami. A chill in the air spread rapidly throughout the surroundings as if it was light. Everywhere it passed, everything was frozen. The floating scraps of grass and dust in the air were also instantly frozen, as if even space itself had froze.

Boom!

A powerful gust advanced towards White Browed Yu and the others.

"How can this be…" The pupils of White Browed Yu constricted.

The expressions of the two middle-aged men behind him also suddenly transformed.

His strength suddenly doubled?

This… was it a joke?

The foundations of the top sects were vast and deep. They had all sorts of miraculous techniques, but they have never heard of such a terrifying technique that could instantly double someone’s strength… Could it be an evil technique that burned the foundation of the user's own life… this Ye Qingyu, was he mad?

And when their hearts were greatly shaken, Ye Qingyu acted.

His figurer flashed. In but several steps, he were already before White Browed Yu.

His palm struck out; his aura like thunder.

White Browed Yu let out a scream, the power of his flames exploding.

His entire person was surrounded by a barrier of orange flames, like a deity that was born in fire. Both his knees slightly bent, his arms raising. His left half drew a half arc towards the right, his right arm drew another arc towards the left that looked to be an extremely practiced movement. It seemed slow, but in reality was utterly fast. Palm after palm formed, layers after layers, like the thousand hand Buddha. In an instant, everywhere around the air were palms of fire.

"The [Thousand Palms of Flames][1] !" "His first move is his famous technique!"

The hearts of the two middle-aged men were also taken back.

The Setting Sun and Great River sect definitely had its profoundness. This [Thousand Palms of Flames] was in reality an extremely intricate martial art. In an instant, countless palms strikes could be formed. With the increase in the number of palms, the power would also increase. Although it could not instantly cause a direct multiplication in its effects, it could cause one’s battle strength to multiply instantly. This technique was extremely profound.

White Browed Yu was known as the [Flame Master]. he obtained his titled through the [Thousand Palms of Flames] using this to defeat an unknown number of opponents whose cultivation exceeded him.

The moment this move was exhibited, the hearts of the two middle-aged men finally settled down.

But—

The next moment.

Ye Qingyu's palm, like mad thunder, firmly struck at the center of the myriad of flame palms.

This was the location of the real palm of White Browed Yu.

Ye Qingyu had really found it.

The cold qi advanced.

The orange flame that spread throughout flickered, then disappeared.

What also disappeared was the scorching heat of that flame.

What was replaced was an endless cold.

Silver dragons constricted around Ye Qingyu's body. Shards of ice danced around him like butterflies, and there was a layer of silver frost around his palm. The moment his palm struck White Browed Yu's palm, this layer of frost was like an unstoppable maggot that burrowed into White Browed Yu's arm, and grew and extended. Accompanied by White Browed Yu's shocked expression, it had already instantly dug deep within his body…

White Browed Yu reacted instinctively to save his own life, retreating and wanting to extend the distance.

But it was like their palms were stuck together. He had no way of escaping from Ye Qingy's palms.

He wanted to open his mouth and loudly scream, but the silver frost had already sealed away his mouth and nose. No sounds could be emitted.

The flames in his body were madly activated. Under the silver frost, there was flicker after flicker of flame that was like fire under the ground that was about to erupt. But ultimately, it was completely sealed away by that layer of ice…

In the blink of an eye, White Browed Yu had turned and transformed into an ice sculpture.

Ye Qingyu lifted his palm away.

"White Browed… haha, just how disgusting were your white brows. Look, I've helped you turn your entire body white, you can just change your name to White White Yu now. " Ye Qingyu smiled slightly. The result of this palm made him exceedingly satisfied.

With the activation of the [First Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] his battle strength had instantly doubled. He had defeated White Browed Yu in one strike, this was his normal strength.

But the state of the [First Limit] could only be maintained for the length of time of a quarter stick of incense.

He must finish the battle quickly.

Ye Qingyu's gaze once again fell on the figures of the two middle-aged men.

His palm grabbed something in the air, and the [Little Shang sword] that was as bright as autumn waters was summoned from the waters of his Spirit spring. With a flicker, it landed at the center of his palm.

[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]![2]

Ye Qingyu used one of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General]. The strange light of the [Little Shang sword] glowed, and like a ghost, he instantly arrived before the middle-aged man with the long beard.

This person was immediately terrified, his sword also unsheathed, wanting to strike back…

But Ye Qingyu would not give him a chance.

Ding!

The instant the swords met, an invisible sealing power struck the body of the middle-aged man.

All the inner yuan in his body was forced into a state of inactivity

This brief moment where he could not use his inner yuan was already fatal.

[Storm of Swords].

The instant cold qi exploded, the [Little Shang sword] had already turned into sword shadows everywhere in the skies that enveloped the middle-aged man.

By the time his inner yuan could fluctuate normally, he had already been hit twenty times by the swords. Although he had powerful yuan qi protecting his body and these swords were not enough to directly cut him into pieces, but there were faint traces of the sword scars left on his body. This was already enough. The terrifying cold qi and the even more terrifying power of the [Supreme Ice flame] began invading into his body.

If Ye Qingyu's yuan qi today was enough to completely freeze and erase the middle-aged man, then the [Supreme Ice flame] was even more of a power he could not oppose no matter what. Like steel needles, it traveled throughout his meridians, causing his energy to have no way to activate through his channels.

The middle-aged man was not any different from a person at the peak of the Ordinary martial level at this current state.

Ye Qingyu lifted his leg, striking his chest. Like hitting a broken wooden doll, he was sent flying.

And at this time, the attack of the other middle-aged man arrived, but it was already too late to save his comrade.

"I'll kill you…" The white faced man without a beard was enraged; a killing intent flickering madly in his eyes.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 239:


Chapter 239 - Tremors

The white faced middle-aged man, as one of the elders with real power in the Dragon Tiger sect, was once a famous genius of the martial path in Jianghu fifty or sixty years ago.[1] Although he was shocked, he still reacted. Before Ye Qingyu had completely retreated, he a[2] ttacked.

[Roar of Tigers in the Mountain].

A very crude name, but this was one of the [Twelves Great Techniques of the Dragon Tiger Sect].

During several hundreds of years in Heaven Wasteland domain, the experts who died under this move [3] must just be under ten thousand.

And this sort of killing technique, when performed in the hands of an elder of the Dragon Tiger sect, was even more frightening than usual. A tiger's roar shook the heaven, and the figure of the middle-aged man blurred, as if transforming into a giant saber-toothed tiger. A ferocious aura shot to the heavens, and this surge of ancient atmosphere completely filled the surroundings, causing one's soul to quake with fear.

The fierce tiger was like the reaper, both his claws held against the back of Ye Qingyu.

"Die!"

The middle-aged man roared, yuan qi exploding.

Since matters had progressed to such a state, there was no longer any way they could resolve it peacefully.

He could be said to have made his resolution to slaughter Ye Qingyu.

Even thought this would anger the Empire, the top level sects had its own resolve and power. Furthermore, this time it was not only the people of the sects who were acting against Ye Qingyu. Even if they were captured right now, they would definitely be able to escape from their crimes in the future and they would definitely be compensated when they do.

Therefore, he decided to kill.

And he had acted just when Ye Qingyu was finishing off the other middle-aged man.

When the power of the tiger’s roar made contact with Ye Qingyu's back, there was a sinister smile appearing on his face.

The potential of [The Leaf of Youyan] was really unlimited, but it ended here.

To kill a genius, was really something that made someone feel both excited and regret.

"Haha, old bastard, wait for your turn." Ye Qingyu let out a bellow of rage, the white horse battle armour appearing.

As one of the important heirlooms of the White Horse tower, the [White Horse armour] belonging to the Spirit armour class was normally nourished within the Spirit springs in Ye Qingyu's dantian. At this time, it was already connected to Ye Qingyu's will and heart. He only needed to will it to instantly summon it, and this white-coloured armour instantly protected his entire body

At the same time— "[Protection of Heaven and Earth]!”

In this clear shout, a golden-coloured light barrier began exploding from around Ye Qingyu's body that advanced towards all directions. At nearly the same time, the surrounding air currents solidified. Within Ye Qingyu's body, a powerful tremor exploded, and this yellow-coloured light was like a barrier that protected Ye Qingyu from within.

This was the only defensive technique from the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King].

Boom!

The power of the [Roar of Tigers in the Mountain], finally descended on Ye Qingyu's body.

But the face of the white faced middle-aged man did not have the slightest hint of triumph. Instead, he had a shocked expression, the explosive powers of both the tiger's claws seemed to have struck cotton floss, giving him a feeling that power had been transferred elsewhere. What followed after was a rebounding force that made both his wrists snap…

This absolutely was not a normal reaction.

On Ye Qingyu's back, a pair of white-coloured Pegasus wings unfolded. The glimmering white was so bright one could not stare at it directly.

When the wings unfolded, his figure was like flowing light that ejected the force of the [Roar of Tigers in the Mountain]. There was a trace of blood at the corner of his lips, and also a claw shaped indent on the back of the armour, but the power of the [Roar of Tigers in the Mountain] had been largely eliminated. His internal organs were only slightly shaken, but this could not be counted as a serious injury.

The [Protection of Heaven and Earth], the [White Horse armour], plus eliminating the force through the movement of his body ultimately had withstood this killing technique.

Everything was within Ye Qingyu's calculation.

To capture these three high class Spirit spring experts, even if his strength had doubled, he still needed to pay a little price.

After all, in terms of true cultivation, Ye Qingyu could not be compared to any of the three.

"How is this possible?" The white face middle-aged man’s eyes widened. There had never been anyone who had used such a bizarre method to withstand his [Roar of Tigers in the Mountain]. This type of battle method was different from suicide. Was this Ye Qingyu a lunatic?

At this time, the [Little Shang sword] in Ye Qingyu's hand was already embedded in the ground near his feet.

White-coloured armour, black-coloured long hair.

Autumn water-like long sword, his face like jade, sword-like eyebrows and star-like eyes!

At this instant, Ye Qingyu had a type of glimmering beauty, like an immortal under the moonlight.

The middle-aged man was taken aback, looking at the long sword in Ye Qingyu's hand. He was about to say something, when the colour of his face changed.

He suddenly lifted his head.

In the skies, under the silver moon.

The grey clouds broke apart and a sword rapidly descended.

This humongous silver-coloured sword was like the punishment by the god of the silver moon. It broke through the layers of clouds in the skies, descending from above the Ninth Heaven. The instant this comet-like sword appeared, it had already descended and landed on the top of the middle-aged man's head, not allowing anyone to react. It transformed into a giant sword tens of meters long, and its strike was like the rumble of thunder.

The middle-aged man once again tried to perform a Dragon Tiger sect battle technique in his panic.

But the huge claws of the tiger had just formed, when the silver-coloured sword exploded.

Boom!

The earth quivered.

An invisible turbulence surged everywhere, causing every ice sculpture in the camp to turn into dust.

"This… this… this is… what is this technique…" The middle-aged man's body was covered in scarlet red, his skin breaking apart in a flash. The flesh on both his arms was in a pulp. He stared in disbelief at Ye Qingyu, with both fear and shock. he could not dare to believe that there would be this sort of divine technique contained within the martial path of the military.

But before he could finish his words, silver-coloured frost emanated from within his wounds, freezing his entire person.

This sword not only broke apart his defense, it also caused the power of the cold qi to enter into his body.

Under such a heavy injury, he could not manage to erase any of this cold qi.

He was instantly turned into a frozen wounded person.

Ye Qingyu laughed.

He flicked his hand, and the [Little Shang sword] disappeared into the night with a flicker of light. He had placed it back into the Spirit springs in his dantian to nourish. Rubbing away the trace of blood at the corner of his lips, Ye Qingyu was exceedingly satisfied in his heart.

The experts of the sects were only just so[4] .

White Browed Yu possessed great fame in Jianghu. He was many times greater when compared to people like the [Five Poisons Gongzi[5] ], but was still defeated by him. The two middle-aged men should be famous experts in the Jianghu, but was still frozen by him.

The intimidation that would result from this battle was definitely greater than when he had killed the [Five Poisons Gongzi].

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu knew that this was only the beginning.

His fingertips lightly touched the indent and fracture in the [White Horse armour], causing his heart to feel pain. Thankfully the [White Horse armour] could be counted as a Spirit tool, and the formations on it had not been broken. As long as he continued to nourish it within the Spirit springs, then it could recover to become just like new.

After experiencing such a battle, the time that had passed were only tens of breaths, but it had nearly completely expended all the inner yuan in Ye Qingyu's body.

The battle techniques from the ancient Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart] had terrifying power, but the amount of yuan qi it expended was also exceedingly terrifying.

Ye Qingyu recovered his breath for a few moments, stabilizing his inner yuan, then returned to the cave entrance.

He did not even give a glance to the Zhao Ruyun who was like a frozen corpse.

He had already lost all of his courage, not even daring to breathe in case it drew Ye Qingyu's notice. This Zhao Ruyun who had interacted with Ye Qingyu at a very early stage knew very clearly just what was Ye Qingyu's personality like compared to the other three. He was absolutely willing to do anything.

At the entrance to the cave.

Under the moonlight.

Ye Congyun stared in worship at Ye Qingyu, like a mortal gazing at an immortal.

This was the first time the young officer had seen a battle at such a level.

In the battle just now, although Ye Qingyu had ordered him to retreat from the center, the force emitting from the clash of four experts still shocked him to the core.

This sort of shock was even greater than the battle between Lu Zhaoge, Song Xiaojun and Yan Buhui.

After all, the battle between these three powers, every move was like the Way. They had the power to turn the ordinary to the extraordinary, and their control of yuan power was near perfect. There would not be any waste of energy that leaked out, so a normal person would not even sense the intricacies within. But right now, in the battle between Ye Qingyu and the three others, explosive powers of different attributes had clashed. The destructive powers of fire and ice were exhibited fully.

In the eyes of the young officer, this was not a power that should belong to humans.

He had never imagined that there would be someone who could emit such a great degree of strength.

Especially Ye Qingyu's ice yuan qi that seemed invincible. At the center of this ice qi, Ye Qingyu seemed as if he was a deity that ruled this piece of land. He completely crushed the three experts of the sects, and that final scene of the sword descending from the heavens like the punishment of the gods, was still firmly reverberating within Ye Congyun's heart.

In that instant, the invincible power of Ye Qingyu was already firmly engraved into the heart of the young officer, deeply etched within his soul.

He had been heavily injured when he was young, causing him to have a weak blood constitution. It was hard for him to have any achievements when practicing martial arts. Ye Congyun had experienced all sorts of hardships, and gradually his heart to train in the martial path had whittled away. It had trained his heart, causing him to have a patience and determination that could not be imagined by normal people. On the surface, he did not seem to have any ambitions towards the martial path, but after this scene, his inner heart, once again fiercely beat.

In that instant, an unprecedented desire towards power and the martial path, acutely multiplied within his heart.

Although his powerful control and composure suppressed this desire, but Ye Qingyu was able to notice the glimmer deep within his eyes.

Ye Qingyu nodded his heart thoughtfully.

And at the same time, there were glimmers of strange lights that appeared that constantly neared. What followed after was the beating of the military drums. Under the moonlight, there was formation airship after formation airship that broke apart the clouds, like huge beast swimming in the arc of the heavens and rapidly nearly. At a glance, there were tens of airships…

And on the ground far off, there was the rumble of thunder and the movement of dust.

A battle banner fluttered in the night's air, like black steel dripping with blood, filled with a metallic feel.

This was the cavalry of the military.

There were finally people arriving.

Seeing such an aura and atmosphere, Ye Qingyu was able to discern that this was the true [Youyan army].

But it seemed like it was not the reinforcement Sang Fusheng had called for. No matter whether it was the formation airships in the sky or the cavalry on the ground, the banners that were exposed did not belong to the Vanguard.

Could it also be, that there were other people involved in this matter within the [Youyan army]?

Ye Qingyu's eyes narrowed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 240:


Chapter 240 - Airship

"It's the people from the Right camp," Ye Congyun said in a small voice.

Although his martial cultivation was average, he was well aware of the structure of the entire [Youyan army]. Seeing the black banners fluttering in the night wind, he instantly recognized the identity of the people coming from the sky and the night. They were namely one of the four main battle camps of the [Youyan army]: the Right camp.

People from the Right camp?

Why was it that the people from the Vanguard had not yet arrived, but the people from the Right camp had?

Ye Qingyu was slightly taken aback.

"This is the area that the Right camp is in charge off. They should have sensed the turmoil at this location, and therefore arrived so quickly," Ye Congyun quickly thought of an explanation. "If it is one of the main battle camps of the [Youyan army], it is normal for them to have such a quick reaction."

That's right, so the Right camp was responsible for this area.

Ye Qingyu suddenly understood.

In terms of understanding the structure of the [Youyan army], his knowledge was far beneath Ye Congyun.

After coming for such a long period of time in Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu had very little interaction with the other main battle camps in the [Youyan army]. He had only had contact with the Vanguard when he undertook the mission to infiltrate deep within the Explosive Snow Glacier. He possessed very little information regarding which camps were responsible for which areas.

The private power of the patrolling sword envoy was especially high, so traditionally they were not friendly to any of the leaders of the camps to prevent them from participating in the politics of the camp. This would prevent them from favouring anyone and would allow them to remain independent, and avoid being accused of being unfair. Historically, the previous patrolling sword envoys had always been aware of this point, but Ye Qingyu did not care in the least. But he really was far too busy; apart from training, he was fighting, so his understanding of the camps was really basic.

His original plan was that after he entered into the Vanguard, he would follow beside Liu Zongyuan and Wen Wan so he would quickly get familiarized with everything. Who would have thought that ever since Yan Buhui had attacked Youyan Pass, the situation would greatly change, turning chaotic. The Commander of the Vanguard Liu Siufeng was entangled in many affairs, and Ye Qingyu was also the same where he was involved in all sorts of matters.

Therefore, the issue of him entering the Vanguard was temporarily placed on halt.

After hearing Ye Congyun saying this, Ye Qingyu nodded his head. In his heart, he was thinking he really should understand the [Youyan army] a little better.

As they spoke, the tens of airships already arrived in the airspace above the training camp.

On the ground, several hundreds of cavalry gradually neared, their spears forming a forest. The dragon horse mounts they were riding on were completely covered with armour, their nostrils snorting out white mist. They were like a wall of black steel that gradually advanced towards the outside of the recruit training camp. A smell of steel and blood crushingly moved forward like a mountain, giving off a feeling that even the air had solidified.

This was the aura that true soldiers should have.

Even if they were silent and still outside the training camp, the sensation they gave off indicated that as long as an order was given, they would instantly turn into a black steel torrent that would crush all enemies in their path without mercy. The aura that they gave off was enough to make one suffocate. Even Ye Qingyu, a martial expert, when facing this black cavalry battalion, felt a tremor in his heart.

"Who is in front? Reveal your seal!"

A cold shout emitted from the cavalry, the sound reverberating.

As these words were said, there were three metallic clangs of spears striking the breastplate of their armour. The long spears in the hands of the cavalry glimmered with a cold light, piercing towards the air three times, then with a swish, the spears pointed in front of them. They were like a sawtooth long blade that was hundreds of meters long releasing a sound that demonstrated their desire to battle, an incomparably ferocious aura shooting to the heavens.

In the sky.

There were clear energy fluctuations emitting from the tens of airships. One could see the formation energy activating in the night's sky, and the energy cannons on the airships emitting a blinding light, as if they were tiny little suns. This was the sign that they were about to fire.

The entire Right camp was as if it was facing a great enemy.

Ye Qingyu flicked his palm, the seal for his Marquis position appearing in his hands. After inserting a slight yuan qi, a projection shot out from this official seal, towards the night sky. This namely was the emblem for a titled nobility within Snow Empire, and also the banner for the [Youyan army], as well as the words: 'Fourth class heroic Marquis Ye Qingyu'. The aura it emitted was vast and deep, as if it was the work of a deity.

This was how the authority and identity was demonstrated within the Empire.

The official seal of a noble Marquis was the creation of the formation metal masters of the Empire. Other people had no way of replicating it at all.

Once the seal was shown, the air all around was brightened. There was a vast and noble aura that emitted anywhere.

"So it was Marquis Ye." On the formation airships, a clear chuckle sounded out.

Afterwards, there was a military order transmitted through the beat of the drums, and one could see the energy disperse from the huge cannons on the formation airships. The cavalry on the ground, also lifted their spears to point at the skies instead, their killing intent retreating and the tense atmosphere gradually relaxing.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

Figures flickered.

There were several people that appeared four or five meters away from Ye Qingyu.

The person in the lead wore a black steel armour inlaid with golden lines. He was tall, and should be the person with the highest military power here. He looked to be around thirty years of age, in his prime. He gave a military salute to Ye Qingyu, then said with a smile, "I am the four star military warfare officer Gao Yun. Because there were some disturbances, we quickly rushed here. We did not know that it was Marquis Ye here on business, so please forgive us if we have interrupted any of your plans."

Four star military warfare officer?

This was a military officer with true power.

In the four major camps of the [Youyan army], there were several thousand military warfare officers. Every one of them had the power to command troops, but the statuses of the military warfare officers were also classified in ranks. Like Gao Yun, he only needed one more star to reach the highest rank, five star military warfare officer. This can be counted as someone of the true strength faction. According to Ye Qingyu's knowledge, only Liu Zongyuan was of the five star rank in the vanguard. With mad tiger Wen's time of service, he was only three stars.

"Officer Gao, you are too polite. This originally was the area the Right camp is in charge of, I should have notified you before doing anything." Ye Qingyu smiled.

"It is you Marquis that is far too polite. As the patrolling sword envoy, you have the power to first kill than report. You are supposed to have unrestricted access everywhere in Youyan Pass; the Right Camp does not have the power to interfere with you…" The attitude of Gao Yun was extremely respectful. "Could I inquire to the reason why you have come to the abandoned new recruit training camp?" "So this place has been abandoned already?" Ye Qingyu enquired thoughtfully.

"That's right. This camp was constructed three years ago, but because of some reasons, it was already abandoned a year ago. Because it had nothing to do with confidential military affairs, it had not been sealed off. There are several old veterans that are placed here to keep guard." As Gao Yun spoke, he suddenly thought of something. "Oh, that’s right, I've heard that some days ago, there were people from the military supply department that came and said that they were going to take over control of the camp. Because it was in the area the Right camp was responsible for, so they had to report it. But it's not any important matter, after all it is only an abandoned recruit training camp…"

So it really was the military supply department.

Ye Qingyu grinned, "As to what happened, I think that after Officer Gao sees it, he will know.

Saying this, Ye Qingyu handed in the scrolls and documents discovered in the prison deep within the mountain to Gao Yun.

Gao Yun hesitated for a bit, then received it and began closely inspecting it. After finishing the first document, the colour of his face greatly changed, then lifted his head to look at Ye Qingyu. Seeing his serious expression that did not seem like he was joking, he read another three documents, his expression turning incomparably serious. He did not dare to read on, handing back the scrolls, "Marquis, these documents are not something I can understand."

Ye Qingyu smiled, not saying anything, stowing away the documents.

There was a brief struggle on the face of Gao Yun, then he suddenly lifted his head. "I am already familiar with the matters here tonight. If you need someone to testify in the future, then I am willing to listen to your orders."

This made Ye Qingyu somewhat surprised.

Just how far reaching the impact of the documents had, it was impossible for Gao Yun to not understand

He seriously evaluated Gao Yun. This sturdy military officer had the serious and hard aura long practiced in every soldier in the [Youyan army], his posture as straight as a spear. This was the aura and spine that Lu Zhaoge had painstakingly instilled in every soldier in the Youyan army.

Ye Qingyu patted Gao Yun on the shoulder: "There are many heroes in the [Youyan army], hot blood is burning in the chest of everyone. Thank you, Officer Gao." "These days, Marquis has done many things that us soldiers wished to do but don't dare. I and many of my comrades hope that Marquis can completely sweep the dark side of Youyan Pass away, returning the sunlight to the Youyan army." Gao Yun stared in admiration at Ye Qingyu.

Behind him, the other officers of the Right camp also had respect on their faces.

In these days, most parties criticized Ye Qingyu's actions. But the large majority of the [Youyan army] realized the reason as to why Ye Qingyu did this, and what sort of price he had to pay for it.

In this previous period of time, there were many people that had some sort of negative emotions towards the young officer who had not even arrived in Youyan Pass for a year, but yet was already ascending to the heavens step by step and did not fully recognize him. But after this recent period of time, Ye Qingyu had already won the large majority of the hearts of the Youyan soldiers.

Following after, Gao Yun did not bring anyone inside the camp or prisons to inspect.

He retreated to outside of the training camp, ordering the airships and cavalry to stand guard.

Because as time went on, there began to be all sorts of characters that rushed here. There were people from the army, there were people from the sects. They had sensed the battle fluctuations between Ye Qingyu and White Browed Yu and the others so had hastened here to check things out. Ever since the battle where Yan Buhui had ambushed Youyan Pass, the turbulence in the city had never stopped. But ever since that incident, there had never been such strong fluctuations of energy emitting from a battle, and there has never been experts of such a level acting…

Any person would faintly realize that trouble was arising.

Gao Yun carried out the military orders without mercy. Apart from Ye Qingyu's explicit instructions, no one could set foot within the new recruit training camp. This was the area under the Right camp's jurisdiction, so naturally his words were the law. In less than fifteen minutes, there were already several hundred people spectating…

There were some people that came purely to see what was going on.

There were some people that were in such a panic they were like ants on a hot wok.

At this time, there were more airships that broke through the skies towards them. The banner they flew was namely the banner of the Vanguard. The scarlet red banner was like a flame burning within the air. The leading formation airship was several hundred meters long, twenty or so meters wide, and was completely scarlet, emitting a red light. It was as if it was an ancient, vast primordial beast covered in blood that broke through space to come. From far away, it gave off a huge pressure.

"It's the banner of the Vanguard!" "It the main battleship of [The Butcher of Youyan], Liu Siufeng!"

Everyone let out cries of shock.

There was even a trace of surprise on Ye Qingyu’s face.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

