Chapter 1217:


Chapter 1232 Truth

Ye Qingyu pondered upon hearing his words.

This time, after returning to Royal City, he believed that he would face huge obstacles and even took a few precautions to go against the hidden sovereigns in the city. But after circling around, what shocked him was that there was not a single sovereign-level expert left in the city.

This was extremely strange.

This was because Ye Qingyu had secretly sensed the presence of a substantial amount of terrifying auras in Royal City when he became Emperor. This told him that there were many bygone sovereigns similar to the Emperor Skyreach hiding in the city. When he returned, however, all of them had disappeared.

Ye Qingyu had tried to carefully sense for their presence and concluded that they were really not around anymore.

The sudden disappearance of so many sovereign-level experts could not be due to their deaths.

There could only be one reason.

They had left the city on their own accord.

There were a great amount of names in the divine jade given to him by the old sovereign of the Sun clan. Ye Qingyu took a brief glance at them and could roughly tell that most of the sovereign-level experts that used to be in the city were among them.

Ye Qingyu could feel his heart beat faster from shock.

What sort of mentality would cause so many sovereigns to side with the opposition? Did this mean that over the years, any person who became an Emperor chose to walk on the same path? All of them were Martial Emperors who were prodigies at the peak of the formation martial way. They were top level experts who harnessed the qi of all living beings and undeniably possessed intelligence, being exceptional individuals. Why did all of them choose such a path eventually?

The old sovereign of the Sun clan coughed, as though he had seen through Ye Qingyu's thoughts. "Cough, cough... I understand your doubts. Have you ever heard about the existence of the Sky Emperor?"

"Sky Emperor?" Ye Qingyu's heart shook as he spoke. "I battled the doppelganger of the Sky Emperor once in the Battlefield of Stars and was nearly forced to my wit's end. It was a terrifying experience. Someone who would take up the honorific title of ‘Sky’must come from a great background, right?"

"What? You fought with his doppelganger?" the old sovereign was extremely shocked to hear that. Very quickly after, however, he composed himself and continued speaking. "Yes, yes, this is his style. Your actions in Royal City are far greater in magnitude than mine in the past, and you have too many trump cards up your sleeve. He'll never allow you to grow and will definitely move against you. I didn't expect that he would hold you in such high regard and send a doppelganger... haha, luckily his plan failed this time."

Upon hearing the old sovereign, Ye Qingyu realized that he knew a lot of information.

He told the old sovereign about what happened at the Battlefield of Stars in detail.

The old sovereign of the Sun clan nodded and replied, "I understand. The Sky Emperor should not have planned to unleash his doppelganger, but your performance was too strong—you managed to defeat three Martial Emperors. This forced his hand... Come to think of it, it was really a close shave for you."

Ye Qingyu agreed with the old sovereign's comments.

If the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had not agreed to Song Xiaojun's request and allowed the ancient True Phoenix Bloodline to be completed and reappear, thereby overcoming the spirit doppelganger of the Sky Emperor, he would have been at risk of dying and not merely be in a terrifying situation.

"What sort of being is the Sky Emperor?" Ye Qingyu asked with curiosity.

Ye Qingyu had never come across any information about the Sky Emperor from all of the archived documents in the military headquarters, and he had never heard of such a person after spending so much time in the Dark Realm. What was most surprising to him was the fact that the two great Sky-reaching and Demon Feather Martial Emperors had displayed an extremely fearful and respectful attitude toward the Sky Emperor in the Battlefield of Stars. It was no simple collaboration. In fact, it was a display of absolute obedience, and both Emperors did not even dare to flee as they neared their deaths. In fact, they chose to fight to the death. The only reason being that the Sky Emperor's doppelganger was focusing on observing their actions.

Also, Song Xiaojun had mentioned something about the involvement of the Sky Emperor in the rebellion.

However, she did not seem to be very clear on this ancient matter after obtaining the power of the Phoenix Bloodline and becoming a Martial Emperor. It was very strange that she seemed to have some blank memories.

"The Sky Emperor is the most terrifying being in the world after the Divine Light Emperor and close to a Military Emperor. He can overwhelm Martial Emperors and is the second person after the Divine Light Emperor who can be considered a true ruler. Just now, you found it strange why so many sovereigns and Martial Emperors chose to fall into the dark side like the Sky-reaching and Demon Feather Emperors, right?" The sovereign of the Sun clan let out a long sigh before continuing, "This is because they are puppets being controlled by someone else."

"What?" Ye Qingyu was truly shocked at this point.

'How could Martial Emperors become someone else's puppets? What sort of person could possibly control them?'

"Your expression tells me that you're very shocked. What if I tell you, however, that someone is indeed powerful enough to control Martial Emperors and is able to dictate the course of history? Would you be even more shocked if I told you that such a person has been pulling the strings from the darkness?" A faint smile appeared on the lips of the sovereign.

Evidently, he took simple mischievous delight in seeing the uncontrolled shock in Ye Qingyu's face. After all, Ye Qingyu had displayed maturity far beyond his years in terms of cultivation and tactics since the time they had met. He did not seem to behave like a young man and even seemed a little calculative.

Indeed, Ye Qingyu was once more shocked.

This piece of information completely shattered his understanding of the world.

To him, Martial Emperors were head and shoulders above everyone else and executed the will of the heavens. They were nature's favored children; how could they possibly be puppets?

However, the power displayed by the Sky Emperor that day was truly startling. It was just a doppelganger of his, and still, Ye Qingyu had been forced to the brink of death. Ye Qingyu thought about how terrifying it would be if the Sky Emperor's true self had turned up that day. If somebody really possessed the ability to control Martial Emperors and all of the happenings in this world, then the Sky Emperor truly had such right to do so.

"The reason why those Martial Emperors chose to turn to the dark side is very simple. The Sky Emperor had a hand in their successful conversion into Emperors. He held some of them in high regard and trained them, while some of them were forced and seduced by various methods into obeying him after he realized that they were talented. Those true geniuses that really stood firm in their beliefs and morals as martial artists were killed personally by him, even though some of them had the chance to become Martial Emperors." The old sovereign sighed before continuing, "Since the battle after the betrayal eons ago, the fate of the martial way in this land has been controlled by the Sky Emperor. Up till now, nearly all of the sovereign-level beings in the world are being controlled by him. Even though he doesn't have the capability to turn anyone who wishes to become an Emperor into one, he can stop anyone from becoming an Emperor if he wants to. This is how he controls the entire world."

The information from the old sovereign of the Sun clan was extremely shocking and explosive.

By now, Ye Qingyu already did not know what to say.

If what the old sovereign had just told him was true, then it was not hard to guess the origin of the Guardians at all.

The so-called Guardian camp was actually a group set up and supported by the Sky Emperor. It was an immensely terrifying presence that appeared just, fair and democratic on the surface—but in reality, it was controlled by a dictatorial schemer like the Sky Emperor.

This truth was far too scary.

So scary that even Ye Qingyu did not dare to believe it.

However, he quickly thought about something else—

The Expansion Way of the Universe in the Fire Province.

According to Marquis Tingtao Lin Xuan, the main idea of the Expansion Way of the Universe was that it was linked to a great battle, which created the theory that "The Sinners have not sinned, it was the Guardians who are the real Sinners". It matched with the old sovereign's words. If the Guardian camp was created by the Sky Emperor, the Sinners should have been innocent.
"Are they the descendants or loyal subjects of the Divine Light Emperor?"
he thought.

What was the real truth behind the "Battle of the Traitors"?

Did the Sky Emperor betray the Divine Light Emperor?

Ye Qingyu's mind was in a state of chaos. Sometimes, he seemed to have caught on to something promising that would lead him out of the fog, but he could still not maintain a grasp on the truth.

"According to what you've told me, senior, everything is within the Sky Emperor's grasp. Why didn't he stop me from becoming an Emperor then? He could have killed me before I became one," Ye Qingyu asked, having grasped the illogical points of the events that had transpired. "Furthermore, you're not part of the Sky Emperor's camp, so how did you manage to become an Emperor?"

The old sovereign of the Sun clan smiled before replying, "Good questions. Let me first answer the first one. The reason is very simple: you managed to successfully become an Emperor because of a very important reason, aside from the fact that I concealed a few clues for you..." He paused before continuing, "You should have heard of the term 'fate'."

"Fate?" Ye Qingyu was stunned as he was immediately enlightened. "Could it be the lack of fate?"

"Seems like you're already aware that your fate is a blank slate," the old sovereign nodded. "That's right. Even though the Sky Emperor has controlled the course of history since millennia ago, he's not a true god after all. Even if he were, there is no way he could have calculated how every event would turn out without failure. There is bound to be a time where he misses out something, and some people who are beyond his scope. The first of these people are those who have undefined fates. It was for this reason that he did not take a real interest in you. To him, there was no way you could have become Emperor. He did not expect that things would turn out exactly opposite from his prediction, and that you would rise out of nowhere. In his shock, he drew the Invaders to the border and used the Unmoving City of Darkness as bait to draw you over, in the hopes of killing you. Who knew... this was fate. Eventually, he kept making mistake after mistake when trying to predict your actions."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1218:


Chapter 1233 Ancient Secret

So, this was the reason.

Ye Qingyu remained thoughtful.

He knew that his fate was a blank slate, and he had even heard the million-year-old soul tell him during his time in the Snow Dragon Den that the mysterious breathing technique he had obtained from his father matched with someone with no fate; it had been prepared for a person with such a fate.

Therefore, he immediately realized where the problem lied when he heard the sovereign of the Sun clan speak.

If the Sky Emperor was unable to control the fate of those who had none, then what did the technique that his father left him, which was supposed to be used by people like this, mean? He could only remember that his father was an ordinary warrior. How did he manage to learn something like that?

However, this was something he had to mull over later.

Ye Qingyu looked at the old sovereign of the Sun clan and waited for the answer to his second question. How did the old sovereign manage to become Emperor, even though he was not part of the Sky Emperor's camp? And how did he get to know so many secrets? They were things that an ordinary Martial Emperor would not have information about.

A faint smile appeared on the weak looking expression of the old sovereign again as he said, "I could become an Emperor purely out of chance. I obtained a portion of the Divine Light Emperor's inheritance and concealed myself from the Sky Emperor's senses before I became one. When he finally realized what was going on, it was too late to intervene."

"What?" Ye Qingyu was greatly shocked. "The inheritance of the Divine Light Emperor? Could you be from his line?" This information was a little too explosive for him to handle, and shook him greatly.

"Unfortunately, I only inherited a small portion. There's a limit to my luck and fortune, so how could I inherit all of such a line, which is at the apex of all martial artists since the creation of this world?" The old sovereign sighed, but there was a slight hint of pride in his tone. It was the greatest secret of his life, and now that he could finally share it with someone, he felt pleased and comforted.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

It seemed like the aura from the line of the Light Temple was able to counter the Sky Emperor to some extent, like the complete bloodline of the Ancient True Phoenixes.

The old sovereign continued to speak, "The Dao of His Highness from the Light Temple is head and shoulders above anything else since the beginning of time, and only a small portion of it allowed me to become Emperor. After that, when the Sky Emperor recovered from his huge shock, upon realizing that I was generating the aura of the Divine Light Emperor's line—after secret investigations, he began to have other ideas. He wanted to uncover the essence behind the inheritance of the Divine Light Emperor. After all, the Sky Emperor was just a member of the Divine Light Emperor's camp. Although he betrayed the Light Temple, he was still fearful and in awe of his old master, the Divine Light Emperor. He also knew how terrifying the divine techniques of the Light Temple were. In fact, he used to train with the Divine Light Emperor, but he did not grasp the complete essence of his master's techniques. His biggest goal during the battle after his betrayal was to seize the inheritance from the Light Temple; he unfortunately failed. He kept lusting after the techniques and spent the next millions of years searching for them to no avail. After spotting a glimmer of hope in me, he was very careful and observed from the dark, probing with various means but did not directly try to seize them from me. This was because he clearly knew that it was pointless to do so. He was truly in extreme awe of the Light Temple."

Ye Qingyu's mind was clear now.

After the round of explanation, everything clicked into place.

However, there was no way to prove that this matter was connected the grudge between the Light Temple and the Sky Emperor. The old sovereign of the Sun clan was extremely respectful toward the Light Temple, and Ye Qingyu had fought with and even conversed with the doppelganger of the Sky Emperor in the Battlefield of the Stars. It gave him a vague understanding of what sort of person the Sky Emperor was. It was because of this that he believed more of what the old sovereign had told him.

"So, all of this information that you know, senior, was obtained at the same time when you received a portion of the Light Temple's inheritance by chance, right?" Ye Qingyu asked.

The old sovereign nodded and replied, "Indeed, it was so. That time, I accidentally entered a gap in the Immortal Domain and saw a few ancient secrets buried in the torrent of time by His Highness the Divine Light Emperor. All of what I've just told you was recorded within, thus I deduced that not all of the Light Temple died during the betrayal. Otherwise, such power and information would not have been left behind. However, I couldn't confirm what the real truth was. After all, I encountered this by luck, and it was brief. The images and messages I saw were also not complete."

So, this was what happened.

That explained everything.

"The Sky Emperor managed to control himself well. He should have been very worried that I was a pawn of the Light Temple, so he controlled himself for a very long while and tried to test me with all kinds of methods. I once experienced countless numbers of battles in the martial way epoch that I belonged to, and even though I had become an Emperor, I was on the brink of death many times. In reality, it had all been arranged by the Sky Emperor. He wanted to use me to find the whereabouts of the Light Temple's survivors. Unfortunately, he was disappointed. When my epoch ended and I cut off my own cultivation to go into retirement, to extend my lifespan and be accepted by the world, he made two plans to test me, using the survival of the Sun clan to force me to rise to a higher level. It was because of this that my lifespan was depleted to this extent," the old sovereign sighed. If it were not for the two times where he was forced to attain a higher level of cultivation, he would still be able to live for a much longer time. After all, he had become Emperor a little later than the Sky-reaching and the Demon Feather Emperors.

Evidently, the Sky Emperor still wanted to force the old sovereign of the Sun clan to divulge some information he wanted.

"However, I don't have any regrets because I've finally found the person I've been waiting for. When you finally appeared, I knew that your fate was a blank slate after using the [Light Emperor Detection Technique] to predict your arrival. You're the person in the Divine Light Emperor's prophecy," the old sovereign of the Sun clan said. He was completely opening himself up to Ye Qingyu and explained everything that had happened in complete detail. "The incident of the Sun clan seeking shelter was in reality just an excuse to confound the others. Only in this way could we deceive the eyes of certain people and lead them to believe that I was exchanging a slot on my clan's Immortal Domain training list to receive the protection of a Martial Emperor. In reality, I just wanted to repay His Highness the Divine Light Emperor for passing on his inheritance to me."

Ye Qingyu was instantly enlightened.

There had been so much consideration behind the incident. If the old sovereign had not told him about it today, no one would have been able to understand the planning that went behind this.

"What did the prophecy of the Divine Light Emperor you mentioned earlier refer to, my fellow Taoist friend?" he continued to ask.

This was the information he was interested in.

"The portion of the prophecy I saw was incomplete. It was more like a general description. The rough idea was that an incredible character with no fate would wield the power of the strongest sword in the world and shatter the destiny of reincarnation, thereby allowing the fallen stars to shine once again in the skies, while healing the torn apart lands and broken skies, before finally allowing the living beings howling in agony to rest in peace... he would also return the things that had been seized back to their original owners." The old sovereign entered into deep thought before replying, "The miraculous encounter that I chanced upon was largely connected to introducing the concept of the nothingness of fate to me. Other than obtaining a divine pill which helped me become Emperor, the most profound skill I learned was the [Light Emperor Detection Technique]. It allowed me to deduce those that conformed to destiny, and it was in this manner that I managed to confirm your identity and decided to help you at all costs."

According to the old sovereign, his chance encounter had come quickly and without warning. He could become an Emperor not because of the strength of his techniques, but because he had taken a divine pill that allowed him to cross the divide between Quasi-emperor to Martial Emperor. The pill seemed to have been prepared for him, and aside from that, the most important point was the [Light Emperor Detection Technique].

It was one of the Emperor Detection Techniques and had been refined by the Divine Light Emperor to a more profound and advanced level. Besides being able to predict all matters of the world, it also had a special function—to find a special person without any pre-determined fate according to destiny.

From his description, Ye Qingyu could vaguely sense that the "chance encounter" the old sovereign met with was not entirely coincidental at all. It was because he fit a certain set of conditions and had to complete a task after becoming Emperor.

The task was to find Ye Qingyu.

Everything seemed to have been pre-planned.

"I remembered you once told me, senior, that the Sky Emperor used to be one of the Divine Light Emperor's people; it was obvious. Besides the Sky Emperor, the Divine Light Emperor should have other trusted followers and generals, right? Did all of them perish in battle? Or did they betray their master like the Sky Emperor?" Ye Qingyu continued to ask.

He had to ask.

This was because he had already made some connections between some leads to a few people. He wanted to find out whether these people were related to the Divine Light Emperor or not.

"They either betrayed him, died in battle or went into hiding... I'm not too sure about them, but I'm certain about one thing—the Divine Light Emperor unified all of the worlds and his skill was unmatched. He stepped foot in the Nine Skies and Ten Earths, sweeping through all time. He was someone who was already close to a god, and he built the Light Temple. He had many people under his wing, and the leaders of each department were at the apex of the Martial Emperor community. There were many outstanding talents of their generations that followed him loyally, of which the Sky Emperor was one, and it is impossible for all of them to have betrayed the Light Temple. It's hard to tell where they ended up, and the glorious era is gone forever. How I wish I could have been born a million years ago, to have fought by the Divine Light Emperor's side," the old sovereign said, unconsciously lost in his thoughts as he finished speaking. He had been a faithful follower of the Divine Light Emperor since a long time ago.

"Does this mean that some of the subordinates of the Divine Light Emperor have survived until now?" Ye Qingyu asked, feeling extremely shaken. "After all, the Sky Emperor survived till this day, so it's possible that the others who fought alongside the Divine Light Emperor could have done the same thing, right?"

"Logically, that's possible. Those incredible talents that followed the Divine Light Emperor where geniuses that were beyond amazing—and it is hard to say if the Sky Emperor was stronger than them. At the very least, they were on par. Perhaps, they could have survived the betrayal and great battle, but remained hidden among the masses as the time was still not right for them to show themselves," the old sovereign said. "This is just my prediction. I hope that it also comes true."

Ye Qingyu took in a huge breath of air.

He had made a few terrifying assumptions.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1219:


Chapter 1234 - Arrival

It would be easy to associate the Divine Light Emperor with the Light Palace.

Since the Light Palace was part of the Snow Empire of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, did this mean that there was a relationship between the two?

Or was this merely a coincidence?

There were several mysterious experts who appeared during the battle at the Light Palace back then, including the five divine generals, the experts from the shadows, Wen Wan and the others, and that peerless expert who looked suspiciously like his own father. Could all these people be related to the Divine Light Emperor in some way?

Countless questions whizzed through his mind.

His confusion and shock only grew as he learned more of the subject.

Theoretically, a small place like the Snow Empire shouldn't be related in any way to the existence that had almost ruled over all things in ancient times. However, there were far too many coincidences to ignore the relation between them. Ye Qingyu suspected that the peerless figure might have been one of the divine generals under the Divine Light Emperor and was probably comparable to an ancient hero like the Sky Emperor.

In other words, there was a high possibility that he was somehow connected to the Divine Light Court.

Ye Qingyu felt that the mystery behind his birth seemed even more convoluted after he heard the sovereign of the Sun clan's words.

There wouldn't be any use in letting his imagination run wild at this point in time, so he hoped that he would be able to slowly investigate this issue at a later time.

The Palace General Gao Diping was still at the Heaven Wasteland Domain, so he would be able to question him once he returned. Gao Diping was a mysterious old man, and as for Wen Wan and the rest, no one knew where they were... Ye Qingyu felt a headache coming on at the thought of Wen Wan.

"If the Sky Emperor had betrayed and successfully turned against the Divine Light Emperor, why was he so reluctant to show himself over all these years?" Ye Qingyu dismissed all the other distracting thoughts in his head and continued to ask, "Whether he is a formidable hero or an ordinary man, his actions would only reflect his desires. Does this mean that the Sky Emperor is not seeking fame and fortune? Or does he derive pleasure from controlling the major forces of the world behind the scenes?"

"You're right. Regardless of intellectual ability or strength, the desires of all living creatures would ultimately drive their actions. The Sky Emperor used to be a follower of the Divine Light Emperor and was fiercely loyal, but he eventually betrayed the Light Temple. There could only be one reason for his betrayal, and that was the fact that he desired more than whatever the Divine Light Emperor was offering him—after he successfully betrayed the Divine Light Emperor, he did not show himself to accept the worship of all living creatures and did not deliberately try to whitewash the truth, so I guess there could only be one reason for this: fulfillment was not achieved even after betraying the Light Temple, so he was forced to continue plotting in secret to reach his ends."

The sovereign of the Sun clan started coughing intensely after he said those words and his aura weakened even more.

His origin power had already been exhausted due to the several occasions where he had used the [Light Emperor Detection Technique] and he was now on the verge of death. He had forced himself to hang on so that he could divulge the secret he had guarded for countless years to his chosen successor, Ye Qingyu—obviously, the other reason as to why he managed to survive this long was because of the Emperor qi that Ye Qingyu had injected into his body.

Did this mean that the Sky Emperor had yet to fulfill his desires?

Ye Qingyu nodded to himself and admitted that it was plausible. Since the Divine Light Emperor was such an outstanding talent of the ages, he wouldn't have been tricked so easily and must have had set up several defenses. If the Sky Emperor failed to achieve his ends, it was possible that the Divine Light Emperor could still be alive and the Sky Emperor was in hiding because he was fearful.

"The Sky Emperor is extremely terrifying and has almost all the sovereigns of the Dark Realm under his control. He was invincible in his generation so why did he retreat? He has such a powerful arsenal of sovereigns at his disposal and could have commanded several dozen sovereigns to ascend to their true Martial Emperor cultivation. If he had done so, it is highly likely that they would have managed to kill me. So why did he order all the sovereigns to leave Royal City and abandon the base that he had painstakingly built? Why is he trying to avoid me?" Ye Qingyu asked the question that was troubling him.

This was a rare opportunity to speak to someone who knew the secrets from those days, so naturally, he wanted to find out as much as he could.

"This is also part of what he seeks," the sovereign of the Sun clan said, "He might have amassed a strength that could easily overcome anyone in this generation, but there is still a vast gap between what he has now and what he desires. Therefore, he needs to conserve his strength since he doesn't want to exhaust it before the crucial moment. You might have only just become an Emperor yourself but you managed to kill the three Martial Emperors in succession during the battle in space; the strength you displayed has caused him to hesitate. He has to weigh the consequences and decide whether it is worth it to kill you. In fact, he had even once planned on using you to detect the whereabouts of the Divine Light Emperor since he feels that you're definitely in contact with the Divine Light Emperor. This is very similar to the strategies he had used against me back in those days. However, I'm now at the end of my days and since he failed to obtain what he wanted from me, he would naturally seek a replacement. You've appeared at the right time and met all his requirements."

Ye Qingyu understood the sovereign of the Sun clan's words.

The elderly sovereign continued, "Moreover, I've used the [Light Emperor Detection Technique] and managed to derive some information about the Sky Emperor. I vaguely sensed that something out of the ordinary has happened to him which led into a major loss of his cultivation. There's something wrong with his current state and I can only detect his spirit but not his physical body... Perhaps this may be due to the fact that he is cultivating some kind of technique, or he might be on his guard against someone or something."

There's something wrong with his current state?

Something suddenly clicked in his mind.

He seemed to have grasped something but at the same time, he might have understood nothing. The final piece of the puzzle was like a piece of paper that seemed so near but was unable to tear it apart.

He believed in the sovereign of the Sun clan's words.

This was because the Sky Emperor's doppelganger had appeared during the battle in space in its spiritual state and during the final battle; he even had to make use of the Great Emperor of the Sky-reaching clan's corpse. This seemed to match the sovereign of the Sun clan's inference after using the [Light Emperor Detection Technique].

"The [Light Emperor Detection Technique]'s essence is recorded in the divine jade that I have just given you. If you're interested in this powerful detection technique, you may refer to it. However, bear in mind that it would take a great toll on your mind so you shouldn't use it unless it is absolutely necessary, since it would exhaust your lifespan," the sovereign of the Sun clan warned.

Ye Qingyu nodded in thanks.

He was indeed interested in this Emperor Detection Technique.

According to the sovereign of the Sun clan, this detection technique that was founded by the Divine Light Emperor was far more powerful than any ordinary Emperor Detection Techniques, being especially effective against the Sky Emperor. If he managed to grasp this technique, this might come in handy one day when he faced off against the Sky Emperor—he had already decided that both he and the Sky Emperor were on opposing sides.

He paused for a moment before he finally asked, "What exactly is the Sky Emperor seeking?"

He was extremely curious to know the answer to this question.

The Sky Emperor had gone to such lengths for the sake of achieving his goal. He had betrayed the Light Temple, concealed himself in the ancient darkness, tolerated the sovereign of the Sun clan and himself, abandoned the entire Guardian's Royal City—which was equivalent to abandoning the entire Guardians camp. He had given up everything that he had painstakingly amassed over the years and had only taken all the sovereigns of Royal City with him.

"He is seeking eternal life, one that transcends reincarnation and would be able to reign supreme over thousands and thousands of generations to come," the sovereign of the Sun clan said.

Ye Qingyu froze for a moment and nodded after he knew it.

He had guessed as much.

He had already guessed that this might be the Sky Emperor's goal.

This was a very 'predictable' goal, but it was unquestionably something that all intellectual lifeforms had been working toward since the day they were born.

Back in those days, the Light Temple and the Sky Emperor were extremely powerful, but they were still unable to escape their destiny of facing reincarnation, let alone ordinary Martial Emperors. Martial Emperors might stand at the pinnacle of the formation martial way, bear the mandate of Heaven, and were invincible amongst their generation, but they would not be able to withstand the passage of time and would ultimately fall from their peak. This was why the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan and the Dark Feather clan had supressed their own cultivation and maintained peak Quasi-emperor cultivation to prolong their lifespans and tried to linger on with their dying breaths.

Reincarnation was the nightmare of every Martial Emperor.

Time will ebb and flow like a cycle and generations and time will change. New Martial Emperors would be born and those at the peak of the formation martial way will find that their golden days would eventually fade. There could only be one star in every new era, and that star would only be able to reign over a single era.

The legendary Divine Light Emperor might have been able to break all records and extend his reign over an era longer than anyone before him which resulted in the formation of the Divine Light Court and commanded divine generals who were Martial Emperors as powerful as the Sky Emperor. Still, he was unable to fully transcend the fate of reincarnation. Otherwise, he would not have been tricked and betrayed, with his life possessions having been scattered like ashes.

"He did not mind giving up everything and even chose to back down instead of confronting me, so does this mean that he is nearing a window of opportunity to achieve his goal?" Ye Qingyu asked.

The Sky Emperor had given him a much wider berth as compared to how he had treated the sovereign of the Sun clan back in those days. There was no reason for him to do so unless he was trying to conserve energy to achieve his ultimate goal. Otherwise, the Sky Emperor could have easily commanded several dozen sovereigns to exhaust their life force and ascend to their Martial Emperor cultivation to kill him, then spend the next few hundred years to slowly train and groom dozens of new sovereigns. After all, since the Sky Emperor had a wealth of experience in grooming sovereigns, this was not a difficult feat for him to achieve.

There could only be one explanation for this odd behavior—time was running out.

He didn't have enough time to groom several dozen new sovereigns, so he could not afford to lose any sovereign under his command.

"You're right. According to my final calculations with the [Light Emperor Detection Technique], it is almost time for the reincarnation of the formation martial way civilization. The Sky Emperor's ultimate goal lies within this destruction," the sovereign of the Sun clan let out a long breath after he uttered those words.

His complexion visibly darkened.

It was clear that he was unable to hold on for much longer despite Ye Qingyu pumping his Emperor qi into his body.

Ye Qingyu frantically exerted his Emperor qi and pumped more into the sovereign of the Sun clan's body.

"There's no need to waste your Emperor qi on me since you're still injured. My fate has already been cast in stone and the fact that I've managed to survive to see this day is a miracle in itself," the sovereign of the Sun clan was very receptive to his fate and said, "After this incident, the Sun clan might bask in its moment of glory but if anyone within the clan grows arrogant because of your kindness, goes against your orders and commits an unforgivable crime, there's no need to spare them for my sake."

There was a strange flicker in his eyes.

He was once a young man himself many years ago who had attained Quasi-emperor cultivation and was considered a prodigy, but he was definitely not the most outstanding or influential figure of his generation. He wasn't ambitious either but had stumbled into a crack in time during his travels and come across a legacy of the Divine Light Emperor that resulted in him becoming an Emperor himself. He had once ruled over an era and a time period, became a figure who was worshipped by countless living creatures, and had resolved to stand against and get rid of all the evil in the world to bring light and goodness back into it.

Unfortunately, as time slipped by and he looked back on his past memories at the end of his life, everything seemed like a fantasy.

He hoped that this young man with an empty fate would be able to put an end to everything just as the oracles have predicted.

The sovereign of the Sun clan closed his eyes with a faint and exhausted smile.

His body completely disappeared in the air.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1220:


Chapter 1235 - The End of an Era

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh of regret.

The sovereign of the Sun clan's legendary and illustrious life had finally come to an end.

In fact, if everything that he had been through were to be made public, he would be an even more extraordinary figure but he had always guarded his secrets closely. Although he had only obtained a portion of the Divine Light Emperor's legacy and it could even be said that this legacy had skipped a generation, he had remained fiercely loyal to the Divine Light Emperor. He had waited patiently and guarded his secret up until the moment of his dying breath. Ye Qingyu supposed that the sovereign of the Sun clan must have felt relieved and happy when he passed away because he had fulfilled his promise and did whatever he had to do.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt like he had to carry an additional responsibility.

"Don't worry, my friend. I promise I will protect the Sun clan," Ye Qingyu swore to himself as he bowed solemnly in the direction that the sovereign of the Sun clan had disappeared.

The sovereign of the Sun clan had made some shocking claims and these seemed to match with many things that Ye Qingyu had experienced himself. So as he mulled over those words and tried to connect the dots and decipher certain incidents, he gained some clarity, but he still had many doubts.

A while later, he turned around and left the Sun clan's ancestral temple.

The members of the Sun clan had already reorganized themselves, regained control of their mansion, and attacked the armies of the three major races that had already been defeated by Ye Qingyu. Their leaders, the three fake Emperors, were all ordinary members of their race and had already been subdued by him before he stepped into the ancestral temple. At that moment, they were forced onto their knees along with their soldiers and awaited their sentences as the members of the Sun clan watched over them.

Countless pairs of eyes fell on Ye Qingyu's figure after he emerged from the ancestral temple, especially the members of the Sun clan, whose eyes shone brightly as though they had seen their savior.

The three fake Emperors were the only ones who glared at him with bitter hatred, and their faces twisted sinisterly in spite of their terror.

"Hey country bumpkin, even though you've captured us, you won't be able to escape from the rest of the Great Emperors. Once the rest of them join forces, you'll certainly die. How could you even think of single-handedly changing the power structure within the camp, you're way too naive..." a fake Emperor said bitterly.

Ye Qingyu did not speak but raised his hand to release a ray of sword light. Then, he beheaded all three fake Emperors and transformed their bodies into ice, which scattered away on the spot.

All three fake Emperors were completely dead.

The Sun clan bore bitter hated toward these three fake Emperors since they had killed many of their clan members and destroyed most of the Sun clan's mansion. But when they saw how these three fake Emperors died instantly, they could not help feeling like it seemed strangely unreal. No one could have imagined that these powerful Emperors would be slaughtered like chickens.

What the Sun clan did not know was that these three fake Emperors were the experts of the new generation handpicked by the three major races several weeks ago, and their cultivation had been raised to the fake Emperor level via a mysterious technique employed by the Sky Emperor's camp. Their situation was somewhat similar to the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan, and they were just pawns of the Sky Emperor in an attempt to exhaust the lifespan of the sovereign of the Sun clan. Thus, there was no use in keeping them around, and in Ye Qingyu's eyes, these three fake Emperors deserved death.

"The sovereign of the Sun clan has passed away. Everyone, I'd like to express my deepest condolences," Ye Qingyu said gravely.

This news did not come as a shock to most members of the Sun clan, especially the higher-ups of the clan who had a clear understanding of their sovereign's condition. However, many younger members of the Sun clan were shocked and could not help bursting into tears. Their ancestor had protected the entire Sun clan for countless years, and to these young members of the Sun clan, he seemed like a god. How could they not mourn him now that their god had passed away?

"Before he passed away, he had appointed Great Commander Sun Yi to lead the Sun clan. Sun Yi will return very soon, so please attend to the sovereign's funeral affairs first. We'll speak of other matters in a few days." Ye Qingyu made arrangements for several matters before he left.

The armies of the three major races were utterly defeated and were no longer a threat. After Sun Yi returned, he would be able to regain control over the Sun clan.

Ye Qingyu headed toward the Sky-reaching clan's residence.

He did not hide his identity and barged his way in.

"Who's there? Stop right there," the experts stationed at the Sky-reaching clan's residence immediately attacked and tried to stop him.

Ye Qingyu remained silent, and as his Emperor qi burst forth, he sent the dozens of experts who tried to stop him flying. He was so powerful that despite his injuries, he would still be able to crush these experts beneath him. The Sky-reaching clan might have spent tens and thousands of years fortifying their residence and installed all kinds of Emperor formations, but he effortlessly got rid of them all as though they were made of nothing but ashes.

"It's the new Emperor!"

"He... is back!"

"How could this be?"

All kinds of flustered and panicked screams and shouts rang out all through the residence.

The entire Sky-reaching clan had been extremely hopeful and excited, but now they were thrown into utter panic, especially the higher-ups of the cllan who were privy to the news that their ancestor had divulged information before he left and assumed that the new Emperor would certainly die there. No one had expected the new Emperor to barge into their residence. So, did this mean that their old ancestor and the others...

Ye Qingyu overcame all the defenses installed by the Sky-reaching clan within their residence and his spirit surged like angry waves or like mercury spilling onto the ground as he examined every part of the Sky-reaching clan's residence. The secret chambers, formations, people, mechanisms, and the rest all appeared in his mind like an unfurled document.

"Just as I thought, all the resources and accumulated fortune of the Sky-reaching clan have been cleaned out and they are reduced to paper tigers, their resources and wealth have been moved away, and only several artifacts that would be considered as 'treasures' by ordinary men remain... I guess the Sky Emperor has completely turned his back on the Sky-reaching clan."

Ye Qingyu stood up tall in the void and this discovery seemed to match his earlier speculation.

"Please forgive us for not welcoming the arrival of the new Emperor in a proper fashion. May I ask why Your Highness is so enraged and has attacked our mansion..." A person who seemed to be an elder of the Sky-reaching clan, a ninthstep Quasi-emperor who would be considered an expert, bowed respectfully to Ye Qingyu as he tried to maintain order in the residence.

Ye Qingyu glanced at the elderly man.

This man had to be the most authoritative person of the Sky-reaching clan and he was putting on a veneer of calm, so it was clear that he was well aware of the intentions of the Martial Emperor of the Sky-reaching clan, but was still trying to make small talk with him, hoping that the Sky-reaching clan could be spared. This man was a pitiful man since he did not realize that the Martial Emperor of the Sky-reaching clan was already dead and the Sky Emperor had completely turned his back on them.

A ninth step peak Quasi-emperor would definitely wield considerable influence in this world. But the Sky Emperor had still chosen to abandon him because he was already old and had already fulfilled his potential, so there was no way he could further improve.

Ye Qingyu could not be bothered to make small talk with this man and immediately disappeared in a flash.

This peak Quasi-emperor had already prepared a speech but Ye Qingyu left before he could even deliver it. The rest of the Sky-reaching clan let out a sigh of relief when they saw that Ye Qingyu left peacefully. But for some niggling reason, this peak Quasi-emperor suddenly felt uneasy when he remembered the look on the new Emperor's face as he looked at him.

In the next instant, Ye Qingyu arrived at the Dark Feather clan's residence.

He easily overpowered the defenses and formation installed within the Dark Feather clan's residence, and after examining the entire residence, he discovered that just like the Sky-reaching clan, the Dark Feather clan's arsenal had been cleaned out and those resources and wealth of any real value had been taken away, leaving behind only second-best products.

As the Dark Feather clan looked on in terror, Ye Qingyu did not massacre anyone but left immediately.

The next residence he "visited" was the Lofty Mountain clan's residence.

The Lofty Mountain clan's situation was basically no different from that of the Sky-reaching and Dark Feather clans.

Next, he visited the Dark Yellow clan, which was also the mansion where the Martial Emperor resided, and discovered that they were in the same boat as the three other clans.

I guess the sovereign of the Sun clan was correct after all and that the Sky Emperor had truly given up on Royal City and abandoned everything that he had painstakingly built over the years,
Ye Qingyu thought.

However, he suddenly realized that he might have been wrong.

"Wait, that's not completely accurate since the Sky Emperor's core strength lies in these Martial Emperors. These are the most powerful support and strength that he had amassed by drawing on the luck cycle of intellectual lifeforms and the trends of the universe. Royal City, the camp, and the experts from the clans with Emperors were all the by-products of the Martial Emperors that he had created and they were nothing more than ants to the Sky Emperor, so they were completely worthless. Most people might be in awe of these powerful Emperor clans but they all were useless to the Sky Emperor."

This could explain why the Sky Emperor had abandoned all of them without a second thought.

Their families and descendants did not matter to these sovereigns who had been completely corrupted by the Sky Emperor and were all extremely selfish. The reason for them lingering on with their dying breath was likely so that they could follow in the Sky Emperor's footsteps, hoping that they could transcend reincarnation. As long as they continued to live, they would be able to create families and descendants anytime they wished, and so, they abandoned their current families and descendants without a second thought.

Moreover, they were probably acting on the Sky Emperor's orders.

Ye Qingyu suddenly understood why there was no longer any traces of sovereign aura found within Royal City. Royal City was already a worthless city to the Sky Emperor's camp, so they left without any hesitation.

Next, Ye Qingyu continued to pay "visits" to other clans with Martial Emperors.

He found that they were all in the same condition and the higher-ups of these clans were completely unaware that their fortunes and accumulated resources had been cleaned out and that the sovereign of their clan had already left. They were shocked and terrified of Ye Qingyu's power, but they were not too flustered because they felt that their ancestor would be able to resist the new Emperor. There were even several clan elders who questioned his actions.

Ye Qingyu ignored these pitiful creatures, who were nothing more than abandoned pawns.

He continued to "visit" the clans with Emperors around Royal City.

The names of the sovereigns recorded on the sovereign of the Sun clan's divine jade and the sovereigns whose names were not recorded on the divine jade were no longer around. They had left their families, their bloodline, and their descendants behind and had given up on everything to leave with the resources and fortune of their clan that had been accumulated over generations by their ancestors. And their clan members were kept completely in the dark.

In one night, the Guardians' Royal City became a city without an Emperor.

Ye Qingyu was an exception since he did not belong to this city anyway.

Once this news was made public, the entire Guardians camp would most certainly face destruction in an instant.

This was the end of an era.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

