Chapter 41:


Chapter 41 – Defeat of Wushuang

The ordinary martial stage that Ye Qingyu was in was enough to face the Qin Wushuang who had one Spirit spring. Then what about after he had broken through?

It was very like that Qin Wushuang would not be his opponent by far.

But this time, Ye Qingyu had caused chaos in the challenging matches, destroying the arena, and breaking the rules of the academy. This surely cannot be allowed to stand? Even if Ye Qingyu was a greater genius, the disciplines and regulations of White Deer Academy could not be so blatantly ignored?

Furthermore, this time, the group that Ye Qingyu offended was the entire noble organization of White Deer Academy.

Many people had the feeling that White Deer Academy was about to enter an eventful period.

……

The ruins of the battle.

Hon Kong, Wen Wan and Wang Yan stood in the air. Their gaze when they looked downward was filled with a strange light.

“This little brat has caused such a commotion!”

“The previous month, he had always been quiet and discreet. How come he has changed his personality and become so wild…”

“Haha, I think this way is very good. The killing Asura way means that you cannot restrict yourself, and must act according to your wishes. Only by doing this can you hope to breakthrough!”

The three people talked with a faint laughter.

The excitement in their eyes was evidently higher than the blame within.

“No wonder he is of that bloodline. The cultivation speed is really too quick.” Wang Yan sighed, saying, “But I fear after this battle, the entire Deer City will have noticed this little kid!”

“This is easy to handle.” Wen Wan laughed. “Today is not the same as four years ago. I want to see, within Deer City, who dares to touch little Ye.”

“Haha, I agree.” Hon Kong began laughing loudly.

Wang Yang gave the two men a look of disdain. “You two uncivilized men, you only know how to use force. We must be careful in handling this and consider the long term implications, accidents cannot happen anymore.”

During the time they were speaking—

Boom!

A terrifying yuan qi energy rose from the Southern direction of the city, heading towards White Deer Academy. Everywhere it passed was like dark clouds covering a city, involuntarily causing a suffocating sensation to be born.

This energy was like light, quickly closing the distance to White Deer Academy.

And nearly at the same time, from within Deer City, more terrifying yuan qi energies appeared. As if sensing the same thing, they all gathered, their destination, White Deer Academy.

Or more accurately, their destination was the practice grounds.

“Who has broken through in White Deer Academy?” From the south-east, came a sharp voice.

The facial expression of Wang Yan, slightly changed.

Hon Kong’s eyebrows convulsed. In his gaze, was a trace of killing intent. He coldly snorted, “Hmph, after so many years, these people are still so overbearing. They really think my name, [Blood Killer], is a sham?”

Before he had finished his sentence.

His figure moved, shooting towards the sky. He headed towards the area that the terrifying energies were gathering.

“It’s the little trash of the Ye family that has broken through? Hmph, since he has this kind of strength, it must be him who murdered my son Liu Lei! Quickly hand him over!” Another voice sounded, rapidly rushing towards them.

Wen Wan stretched his neck, the joints popping and cracking. He smiled and said, “I’ll also go and do a little exercise.”

Before he had finished, his figure had already disappeared.

Boom!

It was another shocking clash of yuan qi.

Wen Wan had found his opponent.

Different yuan qi clashed together, striking then immediately withdrawing. The fallout from this was as if an entire sea of clouds was surging and exploding, with indistinct bolts of lightning appearing. The entire Deer City could clearly hear these clashes, countless low level martial artists shivering in fear from sensing these energies.

The horrifying sound between the fights of high class martial artists was like Heaven’s wrath.

“After so many years have passed, these two fellows… Haha, they are still so violent.” Wang Yan shook her head helplessly. Her gaze returned to the pillar of wind, becoming gentle once again. Her lips curled in a faint smile, and she muttered to herself, “Little child, allow me to protect you. You have to hurry and quickly grow up!”

With a wave of her hands, four small almond-yellow-coloured flags appeared in her hands.

With a gesture, the four little flags landed around the four corners of the wind pillar. It guarded the Ye Qingyu who was in the pillar of wind, not allowing anyone to get near or observe him.

…… ……

Ye Qingyu was sitting in a meditative stance on the ground.

The center of the wind pillar was unnaturally calm, as if it was a room that was entirely separated from the outside world.

The surging winds were like a white wall, blocking everything outside.

Endless yuan qi from heaven and earth gathered into the center of the wind pillar. Gradually, even the air became more and more pure, turning into a liquid-like substance. Ye Qingyu was ‘submerged’ in this type of pure yuan qi.

It was the dream environment for countless of martial artists striving to break through.

Ordinary martial stage martial artists after reaching the peak of this stage, in a flash of fortune would be able to sense the yuan qi within heaven and earth. This was their opportunity to break through. Only by planting a yuan qi kindling within their endless dantian could they break through.

According to martial theory, the dantian of Houtian martial artists was an endless world but it was a world filled with a dry desert. Only by attracting yuan qi of Heaven and Earth into the body and planting a yuan qi kindling could a Spirit spring be excavated in this desert. Only through using the waters of the Sprit spring could it begin to nourish the desert, activating life within this wasteland. By doing this, one could shed their mortal body and achieve Xiantian power, extending their own life and strengthening the functions of their body.

And when breaking through, an apparition of Heaven and Earth would appear.

These apparitions, would differ according to the techniques used to control yuan qi. Some people, when they broke past the ordinary martial stage, would only cause yuan qi from around tens of meters to gather. While other people could cause yuan qi from within thousands of meters to form a turbulent vortex, creating a yuan qi wind pillar.

This type of environment where yuan qi was highly concentrated had very obvious benefits for martial artists looking to break through.

At this time, the location Ye Qingyu was in could be said to be completely saturated in yuan qi. This was evidently the best environment for those seeking to break through.

Countless strands of yuan qi, as if they were a liquid, unceasingly flowed into his mouth, nose, eyes, ears and into every pore in his body. Without slowing, it poured within his body.

It was as if his entire body was submerged into liquid.

The body at the peak of the Houtian stage was currently undergoing a mysterious transformation. Every bone, every muscle, every cell in his body was crazily absorbing yuan qi from Heaven and Earth.

Endless yuan qi continuously entered into his body.

Ye Qingyu’s tongue was touching the top of his mouth, his eyes observing his nose, his nose observing his heart. His mind was completely empty, unconsciously entering into a rare state of cultivation.

In the previous battle between Qin Wushuang, the mantra of the little loli, Song Xiaojun, appeared in Ye Qingyu’s mind. The mantra that she had forced Ye Qingyu to remember, once it was activated could not be controlled. It caused the mass convergence of yuan qi from Heaven and Earth into his body.

The Qin Wushuang who had already exhausted the majority of yuan qi within his body was struck until he vomited blood by Ye Qingyu, who had entered into a frightening battle state. Qin Wushuang could not resist anymore, and seeing this, Hon Kong plucked him from the battle.

The Ye Qingyu who had lost his opponent regained his senses and naturally understood what had happened. This battle had become an opportunity for him to complete the final step of the ordinary martial stage.

Knowing that his opportunity to break through had arrived, Ye Qingyu began the process of [Forming Yuan].

The so called [Forming Yuan] was to form a yuan qi kindling.

Only by gathering yuan qi to form a kindling and planting it within the desert in your dantian could you enter the Spirit spring stage. The kindling would, drop by drop, cause a spring to be excavated and slowly transform into a Spirit spring.

This was the most important start of the yuan qi martial path.

The process and theory behind this was already extensively read about by Ye Qingyu in the scrolls of the public library. He was extremely familiar with this process and did not need the guidance of the academy teachers, as if everything was a matter of course.

Time passed.

Ye Qingyu could sense, that the yuan qi within his body was gradually reaching a saturated stage.

Once his body was saturated, it was the opportune moment to undergo the process of [Forming Yuan].

And without him realizing, the rhythm of his breathing once again returned to the state at which he trained in the nameless breathing technique.

Under this state, the process of [Forming Yuan] evidently became easier.

This nameless breathing technique that his father had taught him was as if it was an all-purpose tool. It seemed like it could be used in every situation.

Ye Qingyu controlled the yuan qi within his body, slowly gathering it in his dantian.

Although he could not see inside his body, but he still could sense that the yuan qi, as if it was a stream of warmth, was moving throughout his four limbs. In the end, under Ye Qingyu’s direction, it gradually converged towards his dantian.

More and more yuan qi gathered in the position of his abdomen.

With the techniques that Ye Qingyu learned from reading, and combining it with his nameless breathing technique, he started compressing the yuan qi within his body. More and more heat streams began gathering and his abdomen gradually became burning hot.

It was an extremely strange sensation.

It was as if there was a small fire burning from within his abdomen. This type of heat felt as if it could burn everything into ashes but the body of Ye Qingyu was perfectly unharmed.

As the endless yuan qi from Heaven and Earth gathered and constantly compressed, a yuan qi kindling would be formed within his dantian.

This process would be painful.

As if your body was being burned by fire.

Cultivating was originally a process that goes against Heaven.

Time passed second by second.

Smalls beads of sweat appeared in Ye Qingyu’s forehead.

“Something’s not right. In the scrolls, it says that the process of [Forming Yuan] only need about thirty minutes to complete…” Ye Qingyu was slightly befuddled. His process of [Forming Yuan] had already gone past an hour and thirty minutes, but he had still not succeeded. If he could not clearly feel that yuan qi was still constantly being gathered in his dantian, he would have thought that he had failed!

But why was it so much slower than what it would normally take?

Ye Qingyu was suspicious but at this time, he could not divert too much attention to this peculiarity.

Unknowingly, his meditating figure began to silently float. As if his gravity did not exist, he hung from the middle of the air like a Buddha.

And around him, the yuan qi of heaven and earth was so thick that it was like a bubbling spring!

The yuan qi wind pillar continued to have strong winds circling around.

The silver white wind wall continued to rotate with Ye Qingyu at the center. It separated the outside world entirely, not allowing anything to affect Ye Qingyu’s breakthrough.

Gradually, Ye Qingyu became completely immersed into this state.

The burning sensation within his dantian became more and more intense. In the end, this type of burning feeling extended to every inch of his body, as if he was completely covered in burning magma.

Time passed so slowly it was as if it had stopped.

He did not know how much time had passed.

Ye Qingyu gradually awoke from his blank state of mind that was like an old monk’s. His thoughts gradually returned to a conscious state, slowly opening his eyes. He carefully examined the yuan qi wind pillar. As if it was a thin layer of snow under a glaring sun, it slowly faded…

The burning sensation in his dantian gradually disappeared like the tide.

“The [Forming Yuan] was successful? Or did it fail?”

His heart jumped. The next instant, incredible things suddenly occurred without any warning.

All that Ye Qingyu could see suddenly changed—

An illusory world of vast desert appeared in his eyes.

This was a barren world to the extreme. Sand covered every inch of the landscape. The occasional gusts of wind would appear, sweeping up the yellow sand and exposing a black rocky ground that was as hard as steel.

Not even an inch of grass grew!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 42:


Chapter 42 – The Failure of the Yuan Qi Kindling

A translucent crystal like the world’s highest class jade floated above the world. It was slowly beginning to fall…

“This is… inner vision?”

After getting over his shock, he experienced huge excitement.

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that the scene he was seeing, was the desert world within his dantian.

This type of situation was namely the rumoured inner vision.

Being able to observe inside yourself represented that the process of [Planting Yuan] was successful. Both of your feet had stepped into the Xiantian stage, because only someone of the Xiantian stage was said to be able to possess inner vision.

And the translucent jade-like crystal that was glowing with radiance was the [Yuan Qi Kindling] that he had been forming.

This was a seed of hope that had been formed from compressing vast quantities of yuan qi.

Through his inner vision, the [Yuan Qi Kindling] gradually drop onto the sands and slowly buried deeper and deeper. It sunk to the lowest level of the sands, and in a speed that could not be discerned by the human eye, burrowed itself deeper into the steel like rocky layer.

“This is exactly as described by the scrolls. The [Yuan Qi Kindling] will bury itself deep within the desert, then slowly germinate. Bit by bit, it will grow and in the end turn into the eye of a Spirit spring…”

A prideful feeling was stirred up in Ye Qingyu’s heart.

The first step on the path of the yuan qi was finally made.

The world in the dantian contained endless possibilities and was the foundation of the yuan qi martial path. People who had not cultivated their dantian was just a piece of desert. Only through continuous cultivation and gathering of yuan qi of Heaven and Earth into your body could you begin to change this piece of desert, causing life to appear. Only through this could the human race control the power of Heaven and Earth, exceeding the limits of this world.

This [Yuan Qi Kindling] was a seed that could change this entire desert.

It was a seed that belong to Ye Qingyu.

Retreating from his state of inner vision, Ye Qingyu’s sight returned to normal. The things that he could see were still the rubble of the arena in the center of the practice grounds.

The wind pillar had already disappeared and the air streams were becoming less turbulent.

Gravel and dust were everywhere.

Within the air, yuan qi was still extremely concentrated.

The [Inexorable spear] was stabbed one meter into the grounds next to him.

Ye Qingyu stood up and felt as if there was an incomparable energy in his body. It was as if every muscle, every bone, every blood vessel and every cell possessed a limitless energy that was boiling over.

He had a sensation that if he punched, he could crack open the earth and break apart the skies!

“This is the power a Xiantian lifeform can possess?”

Ye Qingyu closed his eyes to better experience this profound transformation.

He was extremely confident. If right now, he had faced Qin Wushuang again, he would definitely dominate and defeat him in less than ten moves.

Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that there was an additional kind of energy within his body. This was the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth that was currently nourishing his entire body. The next step in his transformation was an incomparably long and protracted process. The peak of cultivation was to transform your flesh into energy, turning into the legendary Emperor deity state where you became indestructible and immortal.

Apart from his strength increasing, Ye Qingyu could also clearly feel that his vision, hearing, smell, and sense of touch, all five of his senses were extremely sensitive.

This sensation was like a person who had always been blindfolded finally taking off the blindfold. The entire world in front of him became unprecedentedly bright and clear.

He could not hold in his laughter.

With a wave of his hands, he grabbed the two parts of the [Inexorable spear] in his hands. Ye Qingyu looked around the destroyed and chaotic practice grounds, feeling a shred of regret. This time he had caused a little too much disturbance, if the academy forced him to repay the damages then it would really be troublesome.

The long spear in his hands shook, stabbing out.

Xiu!

The sound of the spear broke through the air.

The surrounding yuan qi turbulence that was still around was sliced apart by the strike of this spear, immediately settling down. The gravel and rubble that was still floating in the air dropped to the ground, the dust disappearing. The chaotic practice grounds instantly quietened down.

Ye Qingyu strode out of the ruins of the arena.

“Eh? Where are the surrounding people? They’ve already left?” Ye Qingyu was surprised to discover that the students spectating had already dispersed. There was not one single person on the vast grounds.

He felt slightly disappointed in his heart.

He had displayed his magnificence and defeated Qin Wushaung, and broke through during battle. After doing so many flashy and formidable actions, who would have thought these people would leave after watching only half of it. They really didn’t give him any face…

Originally, Ye Qingyu wanted to enjoy the gazes of admiration and shock. He had already thought on what kind of stance and attitude he should have at that time, who would have thought that the people had all left!

A gust of wind blew past, causing his entire body to feel slightly cold.

Ye Qingyu was slightly taken aback, then looked down. He only realized at this time that he was only a wearing a pair of shorts. His other items of clothing had already been ripped apart during the course of his battle with Qin Wushuang. He was practically naked.

“Luckily there’s no one around to witness me…”

He wiped away his cold sweat and as if he were flying, rushed back in the general direction of the dormitory.

The most important thing was to first find a set of clothing he could wear.

Acting and basking in the limelight could temporarily wait.

……

“This little brat, why do I feel he has a thief’s head and a rat’s brain*…” Within the air, the Wen Wan who had seen everything shook his head.

“He looks like a weasel that is stealing chickens!” Hon Kong added in.

Both of them had already ended their respective battle an hour ago. Whether they won or lost was still unknown, but from their outer appearances, they did not suffer any injuries.

“Spending over four hours to form his yuan. I’m extremely curious, what kind of yuan kindling did this little brat manage to create,” Wen Wan said, rubbing his jaw with his right hand.

“It should not be simple! The concentration of yuan qi when this little kid underwent the process of [Forming Yuan] is something that I have never seen before. His potential is unlimited!” Hon Kong said with a proud smile.

Wang Yan did not say anything.

In her hands were the four almond-yellow-coloured flags that she had just retrieved. With a flash of light, it entered back into her body. For the entire process, she had been safeguarding Ye Qingyu.

“There will be many upcoming troublesome events.” Wang Yan gave the two men beside her a glare. “You two violent people, do you really like fighting that much? I believe that you will very quickly be satisfied.”

“Hehe, in this case, it suits my intentions perfectly. After so many years of enduring, my fist is starting to get itchy…” Wen Wan said triumphantly.

Only Hon Kong had both of his hands clasped behind his back, the sleeves of his hands lightly flapping about. He had an indifferent expression, saying “How am I violent? I am the type of person that is elegant and graceful, cultured and handsome and separated from worldly affairs. I am not the type of brute that he is, I only made a mistake by accident this time by being slightly too heavy handed. In reality, I am very benevolent and gentle…”

Wen Wan gave him a look of disdain, saying, “Elegant and cultured? I peh**! Made a mistake? I peh! Every time, your opponent either has broken hands, broken legs or broken arms. You can cover their entire body in blood, and you dare say that you made a mistake by accident? How did your nickname of [Blood Killer] come to be…”

Hon Kong, “Lets… go and find a place to have a long discussion.”

Wen Wan, “I’m busy.” …… ……

The next three days, the atmosphere of the entire first year was slightly strange.

The noble students who were in the past flashy and conceited, exercised restraint.

Furthermore, the commoners who were led by Yan Xingtian also remained strangely silent.

The originally active first year became a puddle of still water. The battle of Ye Qingyu had caused many people to lose their will to compete, shocking every student into depression.

Within the academy, when people saw Ye Qingyu’s figure, they were all fearful and respectful. There would not be many people that would dare greet him.

It was as if Ye Qingyu had transformed into a god of misfortune.

And as for Ye Qingyu’s roommates, they had already consecutively not returned to the dormitory to sleep for three nights – they had not even appeared once in these three days.

Many types of rumours passed through the students.

It was said that the academy was currently considering how to punish Ye Qingyu.

Not only because he defeated Qin Wushuang. Not only because he had ruined the challenging matches for the list of ten. Not only because he had destroyed at least six arenas that had been reinforced by rune formations. Not only because his actions had severely violated the regulations of the academy…

These were all excuses.

But the biggest reason was the noble student organization and the forces behind them. They did not wish for the existence of a commoner student that was able to completely dominate his year group and was able to oppose the noble student organization.

On the surface of the calm winds and still water hid the upcoming storm.

From any angle, it seemed that Ye Qingyu would encounter trouble in the future.

It was rumoured that as a result of this incident, the teachers of the academy were split into two groups.

One group firmly insisted that such a horse that brought trouble to its herd*** should be expelled from the academy. Otherwise, if every student followed in his example, then would not the entire academy be in chaos? How then could they teach? They must kill the chicken to warn the monkey****.

The other group said that Ye Qingyu’s talents were exceptional and was a rare genius. He only needed to be punished lightly and in the future needed to be carefully cultivated. Little kids, when they were young, who had never been naughty? What matter if a few rings were destroyed, as what White Deer Academy had was money…

Within these three days, the two groups argued incessantly.

It was even said that the city leader and the four military leaders, had also discussed this incident. The organizations within Deer City, whether through hidden discussions or open announcements, all decided on which side they would take.

And as the main party involved, Ye Qingyu acted as if he was unconscious of what was happening behind the scenes.

These three days, he continued to eat and then train, train and then eat. It was as if nothing whatsoever had ever occurred.

Finally, by the fourth day, the dust finally settled.

Concerning Ye Qingyu’s punishment, it was finally announced in the stone mirrors of the practice grounds. When the punishment was displayed, it instantly invoked a myriad of discussions.

“Quickly look, quickly look! What does it say on the stone mirror?”

“Hereby the first year student Ye Qingyu… is erased from the rankings… not recognizing the results of the challenging matches… forced to stay in the [Grievance Hall] for three months…” People endlessly recited the words on the stone mirror. Before they had finish reciting, their jaws were wide open.

A look of astonishment was on every member of the crowd.

*Chinese idiom for someone acting suspicious **Spit ***Chinese idiom for black sheep ****Punish an individual as an example to the others.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 43:


Chapter 43 – Such a Punishment

The words on the stone mirror said that Ye Qingyu was erased from the rankings of the first year. Although he had defeated most people on the list of ten, this result was not recognized by the academy. After, the announcement also said that he was punished by being confined within the [Grievance Hall] of White Deer Academy for three months…

It was this type of punishment?

Everyone was shocked, not because the punishment was too heavy but because it was… too light!

The meaning of the rankings to Ye Qingyu had never been significant. After such a battle, everyone naturally knew how strong this person really was. Even if he was not in the rankings, who could really guarantee that they would be able to defeat Ye Qingyu?

Not recognizing the results of the challenging matches?

This was basically equal to scratching the outside of a boot. From the start, Ye Qingyu had never cared about the rankings. The reason he entered the challenging matches was only because Quan Yalin and the others had made him annoyed and provoked him.

And as for being isolated?

It seemed like this was done to protect Ye Qingyu.

The [Grievance Hall] was one of the most severely guarded areas of White Deer Academy. It was not only guarded strictly for those inside, but for the people outside, it was tremendously difficult for them to interact with someone who was confined in the [Grievance Hall].

Throwing Ye Qingyu into the [Grievance Hall] represented that those who wanted to investigate and enact vengeance upon him were not able to do so. For the groups like the city leader’s office and the Liu family, they could not even touch a hair on Ye Qingyu’s body, at least for the next three months.

“This… the academy really decided on such a punishment?”

“This is on the surface a chastisement but is in reality protection!”

“Could it be that there are higher ups with real power in the academy that want to protect Ye Qingyu?

“That shouldn’t be right. Ye Qingyu is only an ordinary student from a common background, how could he turn peril into safety?”

“Could it be that the academy has great expectations for his talent?”

“So what? Can it still withstand and protect this kid under the pressure of so many noble groups in Deer City?”

The students of White Deer Academy were all talents recruited from all areas. They were not idiots. After seeing the announcement on the stone mirror, they could all read between the lines slightly but could not determine the real reasons for this ‘punishment’.

The news spread, not only within White Deer Academy, but throughout the entire Deer City. Nearly all organizations were affected by this announcement.

Within the government office.

Deep within the walls came the screams of Liu Yuancheng, sounding like a heavily wounded beast. It was said that there was a long time servant of the Liu family who, after saying something slightly wrong, angered Liu Yuancheng. He was beaten to death alive.

Within the mansion of the city leader.

The youth Qin Wushuang who was just treated by the family’s medic, getting rid of the hidden injuries, stood within the pavilion looking out into the mist and rain. He did not say anything, staying silent throughout. He delayed his return to White Deer Academy by one day…

Within one of the rooms of the fourth year dormitory.

Jiang Xiaohan stood in front of the window, her expressions many and varied. Sometimes it was green and sometimes it was red. Finally, she fiercely struck her palm out. With the turbulence of yuan qi, the stone table in her room was crushed into fragments…

“I was not wrong; I did not choose wrong…” Her face was slightly sinister. She growled in a low voice, “Ye Qingyu, I do not regret abandoning you in the slightest. I will never regret doing so! You are forever a trash, a trash, don’t think that you can soar to the skies…”

The special martial treasure room of White Deer Academy.

Bai Yuqing slowly lowered the jade scroll in her hands, turning to look at Zhou Yu behind her. “From this we can conclude… that someone wants to protect Ye Qingyu?”

Zhou Yu nodded his head.

“Who could it be?” Bai Yuqing said thoughtfully.

“From the rumours, it seems to be great teacher Hon Kong,” Zhou Yu said in an unhurried voice. “But one cannot blindly believe in the rumours. The position of great teacher Hon Kong may not be enough to achieve this. I fear even head teacher Wang Yan cannot achieve this.

Bai Yuqing thought for a while, then nodded her head. She said, “I don’t care who wants to protect him, this has nothing to do with us. This person’s personality is too unpredictable and arrogant. If he does not change, the academy may protect him once, but it cannot protect him his entire life.”

Zhou Yu only carefully considered this statement without saying anything.

But he seemed to vaguely feel… that the opinion of senior sister Bai about this teenager had risen slightly.

…… ……

“Is this the [Grievance Hall]?”

Ye Qingyu carried his spears. Accompanied by the surveillance of two black-robed disciplinary teachers, he slowly walked into the rumoured [Grievance Hall].

He curiously regarded his surrounding environment.

All the architecture was entirely in black. It emitted an aura of strictness and seriousness, causing a faint pressure to be felt. Around in hidden locations, there were indistinct yuan qi formations tightly protecting the entire [Grievance Hall].

Within the air, there was enough yuan qi energy that it was sufficient to suffocate a normal person.

Even for an expert in the Bitter Sea stage, if they wanted to forcefully enter this [Grievance Hall], it would definitely not be an easy matter.

Ye Qingyu looked at this building appreciatively.

The two disciplinary teachers did not know whether to laugh or cry.

Every other student who saw the black-robed disciplinary teachers would change their expressions immediately with fear and respect. Once they entered the [Grievance Hall], they basically all had distress on their faces all quivering as if they were heading to an execution ground. For this teenager, it was the other way around. His facial expression evidently showed that he did not place too much of an attention on the two teachers. Not only was he not afraid, he had the behaviour of a guest acting as the host…

He really was a pain and a thorn.

The two disciplinary teachers made their judgement about Ye Qingyu. They continued to accompany Ye Qingyu, bringing him through six rune formation mechanisms in total. Finally, they placed him within a solitary courtyard.

“This is the place where you’ll be confined. Only after three months can you come out. You are not allowed to exit the entrance of this courtyard and not allowed to go anywhere else. Formations are everywhere here, so if you enter a formation, your life is at risk!” one of the disciplinary teachers said flatly.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head like a little chick pecking at rice, the very picture of an obedient child.

The other disciplinary teacher turned his head away, and through great efforts, finally managed to suppress his laughter. This little kid was too fearsome, he could act exactly like a harmless little white flower. If not for the fact that he knew the reason why he was confined here, he might really have felt sympathy for him.

Informing Ye Qingyu of the things he would have to pay attention to, the two disciplinary teachers turned and left.

Ka-Cha!

The large, black door was locked from the outside.

A bright and radiant rune formation activated on the door, firmly locking the door in an instant. Ye Qingyu was confined within the small courtyard.

His lifestyle of being confined had finally begun.

Ye Qingyu examined his surroundings.

The little courtyard was six acres in size, as if it was a miniature practice grounds. It was extremely suited for training.

The surrounding black walls were at least thirty feet high, blocking the sight of the surroundings. Both the walls and the floor had imprisonment formations on it, even for someone of the Xiantian stage, it was extremely hard for them to jump and look at the view outside.

On the south side was a small house to be used for resting.

On the west side of the courtyard, there was a small black bucket. After thinking for a bit, Ye Qingyu finally decided that it was the object used to solve his bodily needs.

Everything was really simple!

He went to the small house and stored away the things that he had brought with him. Afterwards, he went to the courtyard and began training.

Since he had come here and was temporarily separated from the outside world, then he would temporarily not think about the conflicts outside. It was perfect for him to calm his heart and raise his strength.

In this world, the foundation of everything was power.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

The long black spear was like a black dragon. It danced within Ye Qingyu’s hands, the swishes of the spear sounding like a dragon’s roar. Ever since the process of [Forming Yuan] was successful, and Ye Qingyu had begun to grasp the power of yuan qi, the strikes of his spear became freer and followed his will exactly as he imagined.

After practicing the basic spear stances, Ye Qingyu only felt bright and refreshed.

But he had encountered a problem.

As his strength increased, Ye Qingyu could feel that practicing these basic spear stances could no longer increase his battle power. Especially after reaching the Xiantian stage, the reason for the strength of martial artists was yuan qi battle techniques. In the previous battle between him and Qin Wushuang, the strength of the [Ten Thousand Kill] had left a deep impression on him.

“If I could possess a yuan qi battle technique, then it would be perfect!”

Ye Qingyu had some small expectations for the time when he could use a yuan qi technique.

The [Ten Thousand Kill] that Qin Wushuang demonstrated was truly a killer move of a yuan qi battle technique. This was the essence of the yuan qi martial way and was not something the [Serpentine stance], [Bear stance] and the other [Eight Divine Stances] could compare to.

It was a pity that these techniques belonged to the truly secret and hidden techniques of this world.

These types of things definitely did not exist in the public libraries.

The only reason that Qin Wushuang possessed such a technique was because he was the young master of the city leader’s office. He obtained the sword technique directly from the city leader, it was not obtained from White Deer Academy.

For an ordinary student, to obtain the most basic yuan qi technique, they must save large amounts of academic points before they could swap for it. Many students saved up through hard effort for one or two years before they could obtain a technique that suited them. Otherwise, after they had risen to the second year, the teachers would teach a public battle technique to them. It was only that the power of this battle technique was hard to say.

Ye Qingyu came from a poor background so naturally he did not have any family resources.

The only path that was left to him was to think of ways to quickly obtain academic points and exchange it for a secret technique.

He silently calculated in his heart. Since during the battle with Qin Wushuang he had completely exposed his strength, then there was no need to hide anymore. The things that he had obtained in the previous wilderness training, he would exchange it for academic points after he left his solitary confinement. After saving this up, and adding to this five or six more wilderness trainings, then he estimated he could obtain at least a low class yuan qi technique.

This seemed like the only possible path he could take.

The greatest aim of Ye Qingyu in this period of confinement was to consolidate his yuan qi. And within these three months, he would strive to finally excavate one Spirit spring within his dantian, truly entering the state of one Spirit spring.

After warming up with the spear stances, he sat in the middle of the courtyard. He began breathing in and out, beginning the inner vision and cultivating yuan qi of Heaven and Earth.

With a will of his heart, the yuan qi within the courtyard began swirling like a whirlpool. It caused ripples and waves that were discernible by the human eye, slowly and orderly converging towards Ye Qingyu’s body.

Ye Qingyu’s tongue was touching the top of his mouth, eyes observing his nose, his nose observing his heart, his mind a complete blank. His inner vision had begun.

The vision in front of him changed entirely.

He could again see an endless and vast desert without any signs of life.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 44:


Chapter 44 – Excavating a Spirit Spring

Carefully sensing, Ye Qingyu finally found the yuan qi kindling buried underneath the yellow dunes.

This translucent jade-like crystal glowing with a radiant light had already buried itself deep into the hard ground beneath the sands by a full ten feet. The crystal constantly emitted a yuan qi vortex, constantly transforming the hard rocky surface around it. It was as if it was a drill, unceasingly burying itself deeper and deeper, finding the most suitable position to excavate the eye of the Spring and produce Spirit water.

Ye Qingyu concentrated his entire attention and energy, sensing the constant convergence of yuan qi from the outside. Using the nameless breathing technique, he gathered the yuan qi into his body, and then directed these yuan qi towards the direction of the kindling.

This was the cultivation process of the yuan qi martial away.

Using the purest and most powerful energy of Heaven and Earth, yuan qi, to nourish the kindling, turning it into his own use.

Cultivation was a slow and difficult process.

Time passed by quickly.

Within the state of inner vision, Ye Qingyu could clearly ‘see’ the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth entering the world in his dantian. In the endless desert of the dantian, this caused the whipping up of hurricanes with the air currents all gathering around the [Yuan Qi Kindling]. The originally deathly silent desert was, all of a sudden, filled with gusts of winds and sand being stirred up all over the sky.

At the same time, the [Yuan Qi Kindling] radiated an even brighter glow, wildly absorbing the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth.

“This is actually a yuan qi hurricane. It’s not the same as what the books described when you gather yuan qi within your body for the first time, it’s slightly more violent…” Ye Qingyu was flabbergasted.

Within the public library, he had carefully studied all the theoretical aspects of gathering yuan qi and read the notes of those who had previously experienced this process.

Normally, after the martial artist had successfully undergone the process of [Forming Yuan], the apparition that they were able to cause during their first time drawing yuan qi into the body was just a slight breeze. To be able to cause the air currents to be gusts of wind, was already an extremely rare speed, and the martial artists who were able to do this must be a rare kind of genius…

And Ye Qingyu could see the world within his dantian, where the air flows were like winds from a hurricane sweeping the world.

Hahaha, could your brother I be a genius in the path of the yuan qi cultivation too?

Previously he had only felt that his strength was greater than ordinary people, and that training in body refinement was easier than normal. He did not think that his talent in training in the yuan qi martial way, was also so monstrous?

Ye Qingyu’s mood turned good in an instant.

Majestic yuan qi endlessly converged around the [Yuan Qi Kindling], the concentration of yuan qi becoming higher. In the end, the yuan qi completely surrounded and wrapped the [Yuan Qi Kindling], showing signs that it was about to liquefy…

[Yuan Qi Kindling] turning into liquid!

This was the most important step in excavating the Spirit spring. If this was successful, then the kindling would transform into the eye of the spring, spurting out Spirit water and nourishing the world within his dantian.

Water was the origin of all things.

This was one of the foundations of the world within his dantian.

From spring into stream, from stream into river, from river into lake, from lake into the sea. At the last step of this process, the entire desert would turn into a yuan qi ocean submerging everything, and this ocean was known as the Bitter Sea. And the martial artist that was able to reach this stage, would leave the Spirit spring stage and enter into the Bitter Sea stage.

This was a long and determined process.

Ye Qingyu had only taken his first step on the yuan qi martial path.

Time quickly passed.

Unceasingly, high concentrations of yuan qi entered into Ye Qingyu’s body, transforming into raging hurricanes that fanned the flames of the [Yuan Qi Kindling].

…… ……

“En? This energy…”

[Grievance Hall].

In the courtyard separated by the wall.

A person with sky blue hair, Blue Sky, opened his eyes and awoke from cultivation.

In his eyes were confusion and a slight shock. He said to himself, “It looks like this is from someone drawing yuan qi into their body for the first time. But the commotion is slightly too big, the yuan qi wind pillar is not dispersing and is over tens of meters in height… who is it?”

He looked towards the wall.

Over the high black wall, he could see a silver wind pillar twisting in the air, as if it was a wild dragon.

“Haha, it looks like… I have a very interesting neighbour. Who could it be? The aura of this yuan qi is unfamiliar, I have never previously seen it before…” On the face of Blue Sky, his signature nefarious smile appeared.

His figure moved.

The next instant, he was right next to the wall. With a fierce jump, he was able to rise to the height of thirty feet, the perfect height for observing the person in the courtyard beside him. But very quickly, the imprisonment formation in the courtyard began to be activated. Shackles made from black characters, without any sign or warning, stretched out from the grounds and the wall. As if they were whips, they snapped up, catching Blue Sky’s body…

“Oh… Again!”

Blue Sky let out a painful scream, a blue light being emitted from the whip, falling back down to the ground.

“His uncle! The rune formation designed by that old monster is slightly formidable… Wait till your father I is fully healed, I will definitely dismantle this mess of a [Grievance Hall]!!” He returned to the ground, hard. Bloodstains began appearing in his shoulder, dyeing it entirely in red. The injury that had not healed yet had broken open again.

But he did not care in the slightest.

As if the blood that was flowing was from a body that did not belong to him.

“Who would have thought that this little fellow would be confined next to me,” Blue Sky said excitedly. “Haha, this little kid is like a tiger. Previously, he even dared to kill Liu Yuancheng’s son; this time who knows what kind outrageous thing he did to be confined here…” ……

Time passed day by day.

In the blink of an eye, Ye Qingyu had already spent a month in the [Grievance Hall].

In this month, he basically spent everyday training and cultivating.

Every day during meal time, the disciplinary teacher would deliver food to him. But the food was just simple pearl barley rice, bland and tasteless, barely enough for nourishment. And the quantity of this meal was extremely small – for a glutton like Ye Qingyu, it was barely enough to fill in the gaps of his teeth.

The sun rose and the moon set.

The yuan qi cultivation Ye Qingwu was undergoing went by at a flying pace.

Deep within the desert in the dantian, the deeply burrowed [Yuan Qi Kindling] had already turned ninety percent into liquid. There was only one last step left before it would become the eye of a Spirit spring.

From [Forming Yuan] to creating an eye of a Spirit spring, even for genius students would take at least half the year. But for Ye Qingyu, he only needed one month. This type of speed, if it was made known, would definitely shock the world.

Today.

The wind was gentle and the sun was bright.

Ye Qingyu sat in a meditative stance in the middle of the black courtyard.

A ten-meter-high yuan qi pillar with him in the center continued to be formed. The thickness of the yuan qi in the air was even greater than the first day he attempted to undergo the process of [Forming Yuan]. His body floated half a meter off the ground, yuan qi that was visible to the human eye rapidly converging into his body.

“Liquefy, there’s only the last step left…”

Ye Qingyu bit his teeth.

The convergence of the yuan qi made him feel as if his body was being torn apart, piece by piece. Within the desert in his dantian, slowly, sand began drifting away into all directions. A pillar of light rose into the sky, illuminating the vast lands all around. Within the center of the light pillar, an indistinct sound of water flowing could be heard.

This was the most important step, to turn [Yuan Qi Kindling] into liquid.

Ye Qingyu did not hesitate in the slightest.

Ye Qingyu allowed the yuan qi within this courtyard to rush into his body, not moving in the slightest. Maintaining his consciousness, he did not allow the pain to make him faint. Using the mantra, he directed the yuan qi that had entered into his body to converge upon the light pillar in the desert.

Time went so slow it was as if time had stopped entirely.

He did not know how much time had passed, before this pillar of light began to pale.

Within the black courtyard, the wind pillar that was crazily howling and twisting, also began to be dispersed.

When Ye Qingyu entered into the state of inner vision again, he discovered that the yellow sands that had been dispersed were now once again covering everything. It was as if nothing had happened. He could no longer sense the [Yuan Qi Kindling] that was hidden deep beneath the rocky grounds.

“This is… What happened? Could I have failed the process of turning it to liquid?”

Ye Qingyu was afraid.

However, the next instant, a clear spring soundlessly emerged from beneath the yellow grounds. Drop by drop, it continued to nourish the surrounding yellow sands…

“Yuan qi spring!”

Ye Qingyu could not help but be taken aback, not suppressing his shout of joy.

This was the yuan qi spring!

He had managed to turn [Yuan Qi Kindling] into liquid!

Not only had he planted an eye of a spring under the rocky ground, but the water from the spring had already began to spread. This result was so much better than what he had originally predicted, completing the entire process in one step. Very little people were able to accomplish this directly after turning [Yuan Qi Kindling] into liquid, to also cause the yuan qi spring to nourish the desert.

The Spirit spring spilling out, was a true sign that you had reached the Spirit spring stage.

From this moment on, Ye Qingyu had completely stepped into the Spirit spring stage.

He was only at the early stages of one Spirit spring, but as long as he continued to cultivate and the waters continued to spill, to reach the middle stages or high stages was not a problem.

Exiting from the state of inner vision. Ye Qingyu began jumping up and down in triumph.

He had finally reached this day.

Previously, reaching the peak of the body refinement stage signified that he was already firmly on the path of martial cultivation. And right now, finally entering into the Spirit spring stage represented that he had attained the next level, opening the door and becoming a true ‘martial artist’.

As he recovered from his emotional stage, Ye Qingyu turned to look at the [Inexorable spear] beside him. With a gesture of his hands and a surge of yuan qi the [Inexorable spear] was grabbed firmly in his hands.

With a will of his heart, the long spear automatically flew into his hands.

He was right now learning how to control yuan qi to interact with objects.

In the battle, Qin Wushuang could, using the yuan qi in his body, control the [Great Zhou sword] to perfection, as if it were a part of his arm, the power extremely great. Right now, Ye Qingyu had also reached the one Spirit spring stage so in theory he could also use yuan qi to control weapons.

Ye Qingyu tested it right now, trying to discover the secrets behind using yuan qi to control objects.

He very quickly discovered that doing so exhausted yuan qi at a rapid rate.

After a martial artist entered the Spirit spring stage, every time he used yuan qi, the yuan qi was spent from inside the spring in his dantian. The more yuan qi used, the less yuan qi that would be within the Spirit spring. If the yuan qi was completely exhausted, then a long process was needed to recover the yuan qi. According to the scrolls, spending all the yuan qi within the body was quite harmful for a martial artist.

Extremely strong yuan qi battle techniques were extremely effective to kill or injure but needed a high amount of yuan qi. After using such a technique, it was very possible that it could exhaust all the yuan qi in your body, causing you not to be able to continue using such a technique. For example, after continuously using the [Ten Thousand Kill], Qin Wushuang was not able to use it for a third time.

After practicing for a while, Ye Qingyu placed his attention on solidifying the air.

According to theory, after entering the one Spirit spring stage, one was able to solidify the air. During the battle, Qin Wushuang floated in midair and avoided Ye Qingyu’s strikes. From a high position, he constantly struck killing blows, forcing Ye Qingyu into a troublesome position.

After trying for several times, the legs of Ye Qingyu finally left the ground shakily, beginning to float.

“Haha, interesting. Does this mean that I can fly in the later stages?”

Ye Qingyu started crying in excitement.

The sensation was really too fantastic.

He activated the yuan qi within his body, continuing to rise. Although his figure was shaky, he did not fall down.

Half a meter……

One meter……

Two meter……

Four meters……

The figure of Ye Qingyu began to float, higher and higher.

Within the world in the dantian, the waters of Spirit spring began bubbling as if it was boiling. Surging and gushing, the clear Spring waters turned into a white mist, entering into the four limbs and every part of the body, bringing an endless energy to the body.

This white mist was known as the inner yuan.

Inner yuan was namely the true energy source of yuan qi martial artists.

Very quickly, Ye Qingyu’s figure was eight meters off the ground.

Considering the fact that he was getting closer and closer to the top of the wall, a strange thought appeared in his mind.

If he could float so high, then did this not mean he could just jump out of the courtyard he was imprisoned in?

He could not help but try it.

At this time—

“I advise you not to do that…” a voice said from the other side of the wall.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

