Chapter 505:


525 - Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment



"How about it? Hehe, friend are you moved or not." The vulgar voice continued chuckling. "As long as you can release me from the Dragon wood bucket, I can give you the inheritance of the Lightning Emperor Qin Ming."

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed in, and did not move, standing at the entrance of the storeroom.

"Your words do not seem too reliable," Ye Qingyu said. "I don't feel that I have this fortune, and I do not feel I have such great luck that I can so casually obtain the inheritance of a Great Emperor of the Martial Path."

"Rest assured, rest assured. In the past when, I ruled over the Quicksand Sea, my words were like gold in the Quicksand Sea, and I would never renege on a promise. How would I make a light promise," the vulgar voice said seriously as if he was swearing an oath.

Ye Qingyu lowered his head in thought, then said: "Then how can I save you?"

"Easy, easy, it's very simple. You only need to release me from the wooden bucket, then that will be fine." The vulgar voice seemed like it was overjoyed.

"That simple?"

"That's right. Not to lie to you, but this wooden bucket is not a simple item. In the legends, it is the Dragon Wood able to suppress every creature of the water. Even just a wooden board from it, if you threw it into water, can suppress millions of life forms. When I fell in the past, I fell into a trap, and was imprisoned in this Dragon Wood bucket. I've already been trapped here for a million years. If not for your appearance, in another couple of hundred years, all my aura would have been lost and I most likely would have perished," the vulgar voice said, incomparably sentimental.

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu could not help but be greatly curious.

Who would have thought that such a rotting bucket would have such a history?

If he just casually tossed a wooden board into water, it could suppress all the life forms of water?

That was perhaps too much of an exaggeration.

Ye Qingyu once again returned to the storage room.

He came to before the broken buckets of water. After careful inspection, his hand knocked on the wooden bucket, and there was instantly a metallic clanking noise sounding out. It was smooth and melodious like an ancient bell, containing a strange type of power.

"Eh eh eh? Friend, don't knock on it, quickly stop." The Inspiration King began screeching. "The Dao sounds of this Dragon Wood is the voice of death for us Water lifeforms. If you continue to knock, I'll be killed by you, quickly stop."

"Oh?" Ye Qingyu stopped, then looked at the other three buckets. He asked, "Since the material of these buckets are  so amazing, then the water in these buckets must also be some kind of incredible divine item?"

"The Dragon wood is the divine wood of the world. Even dirty water from the sewers would have long become bejeweled nectar after a hundred thousand years in the bucket. Furthermore, you are not wrong. it is not normal water in the buckets, it is Lightning Serum. One drop is enough to destroy the heavens and annihilate the earth," the Inspiration King said, sighing in appreciation.

"And you are immersed in this Lightning Serum, unharmed?" Ye Qingyu asked again.

"I am originally an ancient breed. I was naturally born with abilities in both water and lightning. And this Lightning Serum was originally a treasure that the Lightning Emperor obtained from the Chaotic Domain in order to save me. He told me to rest and recover in the nourishment of the Lightning Serum, so of course I'm fine." The tone of the Inspiration King became somewhat proud at this point.

"The Lightning Emperor saved you? For what?" Ye Qingyu was like a curious little child, his questions never ending.”

"Because we have good relations with each other." The reply of the Inspiration King could be said to be flawless.

Ye Qingyu did not give up, and continued, "Then why is your relation so good with each other?”

The Inspiration King: "..."

"Before the Lightning Emperor had achieved the pinnacle of his path, he and I called each other brothers." The Inspiration King was facing the only person who could save him, so he could only weaken his explosive temper. He patiently explained, "When he became the Lightning Emperor, there was a life threatening enemy that came to destroy things. Me and some other brothers protected him. We battled in the heavens, our blood staining the air. In that battle, I was ambushed with Dragon Wood, and received a fatal injury.”

Ye Qingyu, "It's becoming more and more unbelievable."

"Friend, in this world, there are many things that are completely impossible. Like the Inheritance of the Lightning Emperor. It is only a step away from you, you must utilize this opportunity well," the Inspiration King said in a patient and guiding tone.

"Although your story is fantastic, but how do I know you are not lying to me?" Ye Qingyu was very cautious from start to finish.

Everything he encountered today was really too incredible.

If the Inheritance of the Lightning Emperor was so easily obtained by others, then why was it that in these hundred thousands of years, it did not reappear in the world?

Although this place was filled with many dangers, and there was a killing intent hidden in ambush, but he had successfully reached here. His strength could not be counted as significant in Clear River Domain. For a Greater One Sect disciple like Xiao Yunlong to kill him was like killing a dog. An expert at the peak of the Heaven Ascension stage or perhaps the Immortal stage would definitely be able to come here easily.

Although he was extremely tempted, but Ye Qingyu had to remind himself over and over again that he could not be ruled by excitement.

"You... sigh, friend. Thinking of the past, I once ruled the millions of water lifeforms in the endless oceans. Even the ancient dragons had fear and respect for me. Thinking back to the past, I commanded ten battle divisions, nine great armies, eight war gods, seven immortal concubines... I was regarded as brothers with the Lightning Emperor, how would I deceive you?" the Inspiration King said in a panic.

"Stop, say something real. I have no way of proving or disproving anything about matters hundreds of thousands of years ago." Ye Qingyu completely did not believe this.

"Then... friend, how do you want to prove it?" The Inspiration King was very patient from the start.

"Did you not say that you control the legacy of the Lightning Emperor?" Ye Qingyu stood above the bucket, his head lowered as he looked at the Koi who could not even move amidst the Lightning Serum. With a smile, "Then give me one or two Emperor tools of the Lightning Emperor for me to play with, how about that?"

One could see the Koi at the bottom of the bucket rolling its eyes, twitching, "Emperor weapon? Do you think it is a cabbage that grows on the roadside, to give you one or two for you to play with... After the Lightning Emperor achieved the pinnacle, he had only managed to cultivate a lightning hammer."

Ye Qingyu was instantly overjoyed, "No matter, one item is passable. Lightning Hammer, just where is it?"

This was an Emperor weapon.

In the legends, activating an Emperor weapon would cause the nine heavens to shake. With the control of the Emperor weapon in ones hands, one could be regarded as invincible, able to kill all enemies under the cultivation of Emperor.

"It's an Emperor weapon, so it's naturally in the hands of the Lightning Emperor. Why would I have it?" The Inspiration King twitched once again.

Ye Qingyu was furious. "Did you knot say that you have the legacy of the Lightning Emperor? So you were lying to me."

"Friend, calm, peace." Inspiration King felt that he might have encountered an idiot. It was like a scholar encountering a soldier, trying to reason with him but failing.

But his last shred of hope was placed on the shoulders of this idiot. He could not offend Ye Qingyu. So he used an unprecedented patience to explain to him, "His legacy and his Emperor weapon are two different matters. When the Lightning Emperor achieved the pinnacle, he had to save the people of his race from the danger of extinction. Facing such great enemies, even the he who had became an Emperor did not have a sure chance of winning. He naturally had to bring his Emperor weapon by him into battle. But before he left, he gave the foundation of his path, the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment], to me. Who would have guessed that was farewell forever. My injuries were not able to be healed, so I had no way of leaving and that's why I did not meet him."

Ye Qingyu was not able to obtain an item like an Emperor weapon from this fish, and was somewhat disappointed.

But the Lightning Enlightenment manual was after all the foundation of the martial path of the Lightning Emperor. That is, it was the Dao manual of the rumoured lightning path.

The Dao manual of a Great Emperor, it's preciousness was not in any way less than that of an Emperor weapon. It was perhaps even more valuable.

After all, even if an Emperor tool was in his hands, he needed vast yuan qi in order to be able to use it. With Ye Qingyu's current yuan qi cultivation, it was absolutely impossible for him to do this. But if it was the Dao manual of a Great Emperor, if he trained in it, perhaps it needed an extremely long training time, but it would absolutely cause him to receive endless benefits.

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth in a smile, "If it is like so, then to prove your own words, then you pass on that [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] to me."

The Inspiration King hesitated for a brief moment, then ultimately said, "When the Lightning Emperor Qin Ming departed, he once said to me, that this Dao manual must be given to the future generation of the Human Race, to those that are fated. I've been trapped here for hundreds of thousands of years, and you are the third human to have come here. We must be fated, and I saw that you did not take into your own possession the treasures that are lying in this room at the first moment. So you must not be anyone evil. Giving the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] to you must be Heaven's will..."

As he spoke to here, the Inspiration King stopped for a brief moment, then said again, "You listen well, right now I will pass on to you the entry level piece of this Great Emperor Dao manual. It will depend on fate just how much you grasp. The entry level piece is a breathing technique..."

The Inspiration King began speaking.

After hearing three or four sentences, Ye Qingyu's complexion instantly became strange.

After he heard the tenth phrase, this strangeness became even more evident.

Seeing that the Inspiration King continued on, Ye Qingyu suddenly broke him off with anger, "Shut your mouth. You conman, you dare use such a lowly method to fool me."

The Inspiration King did not understand what Ye Qingyu meant: "Just how did I fool you?"

"You say this is the Dao Manual of a Great Emperor? You go fool a little child. I've long heard of this breathing technique." Ye Qingyu had a face filled with disdain. "The breathing technique that I trained in from the start is this one. How could it be the beginning piece of the Great Emperor Dao manual."

Although there was some minute differences, but the core of it was the same as the nameless breathing technique his father had taught him since he was little.

Ye Qingyu once again felt rage from being lied to once again.

Hearing this, the Inspiration King could not help but begin screeching in disbelief, "How is this possible? You trained in this Dao manual since you were small? You are the conman, you dare lie to me. You... eh? Wait a moment, young man, you said you trained in this Dao manual since you were small? Then who taught it to you?"

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth. "My father.”

"Your father?" the Inspiration King pondered. "Who is he? What is he like?"

Ye Qingyu saw that this fish was serious, his heart could not help but be curious.

Could it be that the nameless breathing technique was really the entry level piece of the Great Emperor Dao manual?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 506:


Ye Qingyu felt that this matter was somewhat bizarre.

The shock in the Inspiration King's heart was evidently even greater than Ye Qingyu's.

He told Ye Qingyu to casually recount some of the contents of the nameless breathing technique, then asked several more questions.

When he finished asking, the Inspiration King was completely dumbfounded.

As one of the existences who stood shoulder to shoulder in battle with the Emperor of the human Race, he was evidently much more familiar with the Great Dao cultivation technique of the Lightning Emperor.

When the Lightning Emperor achieved the Dao in the past, he ruled over fate. But when he was about to fight the great disaster of the Human Race, to fight against those Fiendgods, even he did not have absolute confidence. He could only leave his legacy behind, and give the Great Dao cultivation technique to him. He said that the Inspiration King could look at it and cultivate in it. He hoped that the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] would be able to heal the Dao wound of the Inspiration King.

In these hundred of thousands of years, the Inspiration King had also looked and pondered over this Emperor manual. In terms of helping him heal from his Dao wound, there was a certain effect.

Therefore his understanding towards this Emperor manual could be regarded as number one apart from the Lightning Emperor, Qin Ming himself.

Although Ye Qingyu had only recited several phrases from the nameless breathing technique, but the Inspiration King could already be sure that the cultivation technique this young man trained in was of the same origins as the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment]. In the most intricate core contents, it was absolutely the same. It was only that some of the more surface level moves had been altered slightly. And this sort of alteration was what had perhaps caused the originally extremely complex introductory piece to be easy to understand and comprehend. It was even more suitable for someone who did not have any prior foundation in cultivation.

How could this be possible?

[Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] was something that only the Lightning Emperor, and he, the Inspiration King, possessed. It was not possible for a third copy to exist.

In these hundreds of thousands of years, there had been other people visiting this place. But it was a pity, because of various reasons they had no way of entering in this store rom. Although through the words of this person, the Inspiration King knew everything that had happened in the outside world. He knew that the Lightning Emperor had managed to turn the situation around, and managed to settle down the situation for the Human Race to continue and reproduce. But in a blink, like a shooting star falling, he disappeared from the world, with no traces at all. And in this world, there was no longer the legacy of the Lightning Emperor remaining.

The Lightning Emperor had long disappeared from this world.

The person in the past managed to obtain some benefits from the Inspiration King, and ultimately left.

But it was absolutely not the Dao manual of the Lightning Emperor.

Could it be that, after all these years, the legacy of the Lightning Emperor had once again reappeared in this world?

In this period of time, there was a multitude of thoughts occurring to the Inspiration King.

After hundred of thousands of years of quiet, and what he had experienced hundreds of thousands of years ago, there was very little that could make this old Koi lose his composure like so.

As soon as heard some clues regarding the Lightning Emperor, this Koi became incomparably excited.

Without experiencing the matters of the world, without being trapped in this meter wide area for a hundred thousand year, others had no way of understanding his current mood. Such news had made him even more invigorated than he himself obtaining his own freedom.

"Could it be, young man, that you are Little Ming's descendant? That's not right, your family name is Ye, not Qin. If you really were the descendant of the Lightning Emperor, as one of the descendants of a Great Emperor, it would be impossible for you to change your family's name... Could it be that one of the ancestors of this young man had great fortune, and discovered another Great Emperor Dao manual that Little Ming left behind in some other location, so you were... That's impossible. If the ancestor of that young man really discovered Little Ming's Dao manual, then he would most likely instantly ascend, and create an incomparable Empire. Even if his talent and fortune was limited, and had no way of creating a new Empire, but he could absolute run rampant in an area. After all, it's the cultivation technique of a Great Emperor. But this little fellow is as down as a dog. He doesn't look like the son or disciple of a rampant Empire at all?”

The old Koi had extreme intelligence, and was able to conjecture many things.

In the past, he was once an amazing character in the Vast Thousand Worlds. His ability in investigating and observing was already at a master's level. Just by looking at Ye Qingyu, he could largely approximate his background. From his poor appearance, he was absolutely not any successor that had been painstaking brought up and came from any great family.

There were too many questions in his heart, that even the Inspiration King did not know what to ask.

Ultimately, he forcefully suppressed the queries in his heart.

But the attitude he had towards Ye Qingyu became somewhat more serious from deep inside.

If previously it was because he had the mindset of doing a transaction with Ye Qingyu, because the Lightning Emperor had left the words behind to give the 'Dao Manual to a fated person', then right now Ye Qingyu was placed with a mysterious identity of the possibility of being a descendant of the Lightning Emperor. The Inspiration King became serious and was filled with curiosity towards Ye Qingyu.

"No matter what the reason, and I also won't ask you what the contents to the so called nameless breathing technique. But what I will teach you is absolutely the entry level piece of the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] according to the previous transaction. Listen well, I will only recite it three times. After you remember it, you can go compare it with your so called nameless breathing technique. Then you will know how similar it is. After you learn the essence of it, and grasp the basics of this, then I can teach you the other parts of this Dao manual."

The Inspiration King said word by word.

Seeing him be this serious, without any sign of deception, Ye Qingyu also became dumbfounded.

Could it be that the words this Old Fish spoke really was true?

He was not lying to him?

If the nameless breathing technique was really related to the legacy of the Lightning Emperor, then his father was...

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu's heart trembled.

Thinking that his parents could possibly be related to the Lightning Emperor, this was something that Ye Qingyu absolutely dared not to believe.

The mysteries that had originally enshrouded his origins abruptly became even more unbelievable.

Yu Junhan had once said she was his mother, that his own father was that incomparable War God in Snow Empire. Then right now... Those normal parents he had in his own memories, had a shred of relation with the Lightning Emperor?

Time passed by.

After carefully hearing the Old Fish Inspiration King recite the entry level piece to the Emperor Dao manual, Ye Qingyu could basically confirm that this Old Fish was not really deceiving him.

Because the nameless breathing technique was not known at all throughout Heaven Wasteland Domain. Even the ancient soul that was slumbering deep within the Snow Dragons den had once said that the nameless breathing technique was mysterious and abnormal. It seemed ordinary, but it went from shallow to deep. It contained incomparably profound essences, and was a rare cultivation technique. It seemed that it was especially created for someone with no fate like Ye Qingyu.

Even if the Old Fish wanted to fool him, it was impossible for him to know the essences of the nameless breathing technique.

Thinking to here, Ye Qingyu could basically be sure that the nameless breathing technique was largely the same as the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] of the Lightning Emperor.

He did not imagine that the cultivation technique he had always trained in had such an unbelievable history.

The Inspiration King finished reciting it in detail, then paused for a brief moment: "Do you remember it?"

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

The entry level piece to the Emperor Dao manual mentioned in the words, apart from some minor alterations to the nameless breathing technique, was largely similar. It was not hard to remember even at the start, and adding to this, he had a photographic memory, and his power of memorization was abnormal.

"Good. Then I will say it for the second time." The expression of the Old Fish became serious.

Ye Qingyu was about to say that he had already remembered this, and question the need to recite it all over again, but the Inspiration King had already begun without paying attention to anyone else.

After hearing a few phrases, Ye Qingyu's complexion fiercely transformed. He became serious once again.

Because during the second recital, the voice of the Old Fish suddenly became vast and distant. it was as if the entire world was resounding, containing the essence of the Dao within. The same words were significantly different from his first recital, there was an even deeper and profound meaning being stated.

Ye Qingyu did not dare tarry, and immediately concentrated and listened.

He did not know how much time had passed, before the voice of the Old Fish finally halted.

Ye Qingyu stood dumbly where he was, and remained dumbfounded for an incense worth of time, before finally recovering.

In his mind, the nameless breathing technique and this entry level Dao manual piece began consolidating slowly. The core essence of the nameless breathing technique became even more complete, and the complex and difficult to comprehend sections of the entry level Dao manual gradually became clearer.

Ye Qingyu felt as if he had received the impact of listening to the Dao, and was able to experience an unprecedented world.

After a short moment.

"Thank you, elder."

Ye Qingyu bowed in a gesture of respect towards the bucket.

In the Dragon Wood bucket, the Old Fish did not make a sound for a long while. After a long period of time, he then said breathlessly, "You brat... at least you have a conscience."

Even what he referred to him had changed. Previously, he had referred to him as friend. Although this seemed respectful, in reality, there was a distance between them. Now he called him 'you brat'. The relationship between them had instantly gotten a lot closer, as if he was berating one of his juniors.

"How is elder?" Ye Qingyu could tell that the breathing of this old spirit was not stable.

"Because I had to recite the entry level piece of the Great Dao manual to you, I expended at least ten years of my own life. The second recital just now was the insight I had towards pondering deep in the [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] for the hundreds of thousands of years. You go and comprehend yourself. But you don't have to treat it as the golden principle. After all, everyone has their own martial path. If you want to walk your own Emperor's path, then you need to walk your own road. Walking the road of your predecessors is only just copying.”

The Old Fish gave earnest and well meaning advice.

Previously, he was still bargaining with Ye Qingyu, and right now he had the attitude as if he was teaching or instructing.

Ye Qingyu once again expressed his thanks.

"The third recital, is extremely important. It was the personal voice of the Lightning Emperor when he left. He used a secret technique to imprint it into my own soul. I can only release this once in my entire life..." The Old Fish rested for a while, recovering his breath.

Hearing this, a thought suddenly occurred to Ye Qingyu. He said, “Elder, can you please wait. For the third recital, can we change the location?"

The Inspiration King was taken aback, "Why so?"

"This... I want to wait until my understanding of the entry level Dao manual has deepend, before hearing the personal recital of the Lightning Emperor. After all, it's the words from a Great Emperor. This opportunity is precious, I don't want to waste it in a state where I am unprepared." Ye Qingyu smiled, then hesitated and asked again, "Elder, when the Lightning Emperor left his words behind, did he say that only one person could listen to it?"

"He did not, what does your question mean?" The Inspiration King suddenly achieved Ye Qingyu's plan. "Could it be that you want to..."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 507:


Chapter 527, Returned to land

Ye Qingyu, seeing that Inspiration King had understood his meaning, nodded. “Since it is the Dao sound that the Lightning Emperor his highness had left behind, it is a precious opportunity. Back then the Lightning Emperor had fought for the lives of the Human Race, and rescued the entire race from an adverse situation. He is known as the father of the Human Race, but unfortunately he later disappeared. He had not handed down his teachings, and this Dao sound might be his last gift to the younger generation of the Human Race. If only I listened to it by myself it would be a waste. If there is a suitable time, when all sincere elites of the Human Race can gather together to listen to the Dao sound, then would that not achieve the best result for the Dao sound, isn’t that better?”

When Inspiration King heard this, he was shocked for a long while, not saying a word.

“Of course, the premise is that, when the Lightning Emperor left this Dao sound, he did not request only one person to hear it.” Ye Qingyu added.

At this time, Old Fish Inspiration King finally snapped out of his trace, sighing deeply, “You boy, I admire you. You have both aspiration and courage, if others got the chance to hear the Dao sound of the Lightning Emperor, they most likely will be afraid of others finding out and will find the safest corner to listen by themselves, and may not even let the ones closest to them know.”

Ye Qingyu grinned and did not speak.

After a moment.

The Inspiration King seemed to have thought of something again, and added, “Yes, I understand, since you have been cultivating the basic manual of [Ultimate Lightning Enlightenment] Daoist scripture since a young age, your foundation must be extremely solid. No wonder that you could enter this place unimpeded. The previous people, although their aptitudes can indeed be called incomparable and their strengths were many times stronger than you, were obstructed from entering this stone room by the power of thunder and unable to step into this room by the slightest of inches.”

There was such a thing?

Ye Qingyu was astonished.

When he was entering the stone room, he had not encountered the slightest obstruction, and he simply thought that it was because the old age had rendered the restriction formation ineffective.

That was not the reason?

As their dialogue reached to this point, whether it was Ye Qingyu or Inspiration King, both their attitudes to each other was much more sincere, and they were gradually beginning to trust each other.

“I will save Elder first.” Ye Qingyu came closer to the Dragon Wood bucket, asking cautiously, “I only need to fish you up from the bucket, right?”

“Well...” Old Fish reddened with shame, “That’s right, but...”

“But what?” Ye Qingyu was puzzled.

The Old Fish explained awkwardly. “But my plan before was to wait until you pulled me out from the Dragon Wood bucket then immediately knock you out. Then leave this place and slowly find ways to recover my Dao injury. In this stone room there should be three barrels of pure Yuan thunder liquid, which can sustain me for some time.”

Ye Qingyu burst out laughing.

He knew that this cunning Old Fish did not have any good intentions before.

But now that he had told him, there was no need to be embarrassed.

Ye Qingyu stooped down, stretching his hand into the Dragon Seizing Wooden bucket.

His fingers had only reached into the bucket, when immediately there was a numbness in his fingertips, like an electric shock. Luckily he was able to tolerate it completely.

“Be careful, this bucket is filled with the will of the Lightning Emperor,” the Old Fish reminded.

But Ye Qingyu finally was still able to grab the fin of Old Fish and smoothly and slowly pulled him out of the Dragon Seizing Wooden bucket.

Swoosh!

The moment the bright Koi left the bucket, there was a strange and forceful aura that made Ye Qingyu almost a little breathless. There was a flash of light in the dark stone room and an old man with straw-like hair appeared out of thin air before him.

The old man’s hair was grey and dry, and his skin shriveled up like air-dried orange peels. He had a set of yellow teeth, and was dressed in a yellow cloth robe. His waist was slightly crooked, his beard was hanging down almost to his waist, jet black and shiny, extremely elegant, but his eyes were crossed, and had an indescribable wretched expression.

“Ha ha, millions of years, I am finally free.” The old man leaped excitedly, like an old monkey, somersaulting, unable to contain his excitement.

Ye Qingyu watched silently at the side.

This cross-eyed wretched old man was obviously transformed from the bright carp in the bucket.

This guy that was known to control the chaotic Quicksand Xea, just where was that graceful demeanor of the King of all Aquatic Race? He was more like a conman that squats at the side street telling fortune.

“Haha, boy, thank you for saving me, I am destined not to die. If you had come a century later, I really would have died in this bucket.” Inspiration King, after calming himself down, turned around to grasp Ye Qingyu’s hand for a handshake, then very carefully sorted his long beard, grumbling, “Qin Ming, this guy, is too unreliable. He disappeared for millions of years without any signs, I almost died inside this broken bucket.”

Listening to him cursing the God-like Lightning Emperor to the Human Race, Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

“Yes, elder, you said before that you were tricked so you entered into the bucket, why would you blame the Lightning Emperor His Highness?” Ye Qingyu asked.

The Old Fish nodded. “Ah, yes, this Dragon Seizing Wood is the nemesis of the Human Race. Back then when I was betrayed, my powers were destroyed by the Dragon Seizing Wood, and my soul was almost annihilated. The Lightning Emperor helped me retain my body and a wisp of my soul. As they say, whoever started the trouble should end it. With his ability he placed me into the Dragon Seizing Wooden bucket and used lightning liquid to suppress the fierce nature of the wood. This saved my life, but my injuries were too severe, so I was unable to accompany him and the other brothers to battle against the fiendgods. I planned to wait for their triumphant return, to celebrate this new world together, who would have known that…”

As he was speaking, his wretched face really revealed a strong sorrowful colour.

Ye Qingyu also did not know what to say.

Old Fish continued, “The Lightning Emperor controls destiny, he is the strongest person of the heaven and earth. Logically speaking, no matter the result, he should not have disappeared, what happened back then... I must find out, I do not believe that the martial arts emperor on earth, and so many brothers with earth-shattering powers would really be gone like that, I must find them.”

The whereabouts of the Lightning Emperor was a historical puzzle.

After he ploughed the heaven and earth, the first great emperor in the history of the Human Race and his unparallelled thunder troops had disappeared from the world.

Old Fish was emotional for a while but was soon leaping about.

“The treasures in this stone room all have their origins, some of them were objects used by the Lightning Emperor, and some were the weapons of those old brothers.” Old Fish gazed at each of these items in the storeroom, thinking of each of their owner, and talking about the origin of each and finally then grabbed the silver rope hanging on the wall along with the several salted fish. “These were mine back then, yes, the other items are all yours boy, as for each of its specific use, I will slowly explain to you once we get out of here. Some things, I have to think about carefully.”

Ye Qingyu, this time, no longer acted polite. He received and stored away all the treasures.

“These barrels of thunder liquid, you can also store them away. I only need one drop per month, they now have little significance on my Dao injury.” Old Fish suddenly remembered something, added, “You have learned the basics of [Ultimate Lightning Entitlement], you can try activating the force of Lightning. This chaotic thunder liquid is the purest lightning power in the world, you can try to absorb and refine them gradually, and establish the strongest foundation. This is a great opportunity, if it was not for the fact that I am not really a human, I really want to destroy my foundation, to cultivate the remarkable powers of Lightning.”

Ye Qingyu’s heart was pounding when he heard this.

His inner yuan, because of his consciousness, was temporarily trapped and he was unable to exert its formidable power. He currently only possessed physical strength, which was terrifying but when fighting against real martial artists, he could not occupy the upper hand. If he was able to master the power of Lightning, it would be an entirely different story.

Besides, this was the remarkable Dao scripture that the Lightning Emperor left behind.

……

……

For the next while, Ye Qingyu stayed in the underground stone room space.

He accepted the advice of Old Fish and began to cultivate the power of Lightning.

To tell the truth, Demon King Ye’s plan at the beginning was to bring Old Fish Inspiration King, this underling of the Lightning Emperor, to find Xiao Yunlong for revenge, and teach those ungrateful Greater One Sect disciples a little lesson. But Old Fish had very modestly expressed that his Dao injury had not healed and was unable to fight for a long period of time. Or else it would aggravate his Dao injury, causing him to be annihilated, so he could not help Demon King Ye and Demon King Ye must rely on himself.

“This old thing is not lying right, didn’t he say that he is the King of the chaotic Quicksand Xea? How would he be so rubbish?”

Demon King Ye silently cursed .

But then again, the basics of the Dao scripture that Old Fish taught him and the method of refining as well as absorbing the chaotic thunder liquid were indeed incomparably marvelous.

Time flew by.

Two months had passed in the blink of the eye.

The time in the underground stone room was incomparably dull, but for a cultivator, it went by in a flash.

Having spent a full two months of time here, Ye Qingyu had paid the price of being roasted by lightning a good many times. At last, a drop of thunder liquid had penetrated into his body, and he began to grasp the power of Lightning.

The chaotic thunder liquid was personally collected and refined by the Lightning Emperor back then, it was already a rare gem then, and now having been nurtured for millions of years, one drop contained infinite power.

According to Old Fish, Ye Qingyu’s speed was already regarded as rarely seen, but he had only refined it into his body and had not fully mastered the power of Lightning. By the time Ye Qingyu really mastered the power of this little drop, he may even injure Heaven Ascension stage experts and even Immortal stage experts. Of course, the premise was that Ye Qingyu must be able to come near such experts.

“So powerful?” Ye Qingyu gazed at the blue lightning that was curling around his fingertips.

“What did you think.” Old Fish curled his lips, the expression within his cross-eyed eyes were strange, making one unable to detect where his line of sight was focused on.

Ye Qingyu attempted to activate the power of Lightning. Bolts of lightning constantly leaped about at his fingertips, like beautiful fireworks, but the frightening destructive power that was contained within made him feel apprehensive.

He laughed, “Why do I feel you are praising yourself, you have been soaking in the thunder liquid for millions of years, aren’t you more powerful?”

“Kekeke... what do you think.” Old Fish was very satisfied with the performance of Demon King Ye.

Ye Qingyu then abruptly changed the topic, “Again, do you really not know the person in the ancient painting? And the woman who was lying on the stone bed and turned into ashes?”

The Old Fish shook his head. “I don’t know, you have asked this question dozens of times, is there a need for me to lie to you?”

Ye Qingyu was silent.

He originally thought that Old Fish would know something, but now he was left disappointed.

The main thing was that the white-haired mysterious person resembled his mother too much.

Another period of time had past.

Ye Qingyu had been practising all this time.

Another two months later, he and Old Fish left the underground stone room into the underground river, and under the guidance of Old Fish very quickly found the exit and returned to the surface.

Ye Qingyu decided to sneak into Greater One Sect, to see how Yu Xiaoxing was now.

He was still a little worried about this girl.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 508:


Chapter 528, Reputation ruined

Clear River Domain.

The Fragrant Plains were boundless.

This beautiful huge grassland was one of the richest areas in the whole Clear River Domain.

Every year when spring comes, the grass is tall and the birds are in the air. The plains were like a large green blanket that is stretched between heaven and earth, the lush green colour making one ecstatic.

And at the height of summer, there will be a species of three-coloured nameless wildflower blooming in waves. The colour is not extremely beautiful, but because of the sheer number and the fact that the flower and leaf emitted a strange delicate fragrance that wafts through the air, it made one feel carefree and relax. This was also the origin of the beautiful name Fragrance Plains.

And Flowing Light City was the largest city of the Human Race of Fragrance Plains.

Today was the market day of Flowing Light City, which is held once a month. The several traders, herdsmen and all sorts of powers within hundreds of miles will gather inside and outside Flowing Light City to trade with one another. The atmosphere was lively and extraordinary.

Standing on the city wall of Flowing Light City and looking down, whether it was inside or outside the city, there were people weaving in and out. It was extremely crowded.

There were all kinds of hawkers shouting everywhere.

In the bustling crowd, a white-clad youngster and a wretched-looking cross-eyed man looked a little awkward.

“Old man, you seemed to have directed me in the wrong direction, we are very far away from Greater One Sect.” The white-robed youngster was naturally Ye Qingyu. Being situated at this lively and bustling place, where it was crammed with people, he couldn’t help but feel somewhat overwhelmed.

The cross-eyed old man who was sweeping his eyes around with great curiosity and excitement said with smile, “There are numerous underground rivers, there are many dangers. I was trapped for millions of years, it’s good that I was able to can find an exit to the surface. Young man, you are hot tempered and impatient. Remember, to succeed you must remain calm at all times. How do I bring you to success if you’re like this?”

After more than one million of years of being trapped, the Old Fish had finally returned to land. He was evidently very excited and enjoying the lively atmosphere of celebration.

Ye Qingyu could also tell, but with no other choice he curled his lips and accompanied the Old Fish to take a stroll around the city first.

Previously, Xiao Yunlong had so easily found him, which Ye Qingyu felt that there must be something odd. So as soon as he returned to land, he had not activated the slightest yuan qi nor released the slightest fluctuation of yuan qi. It was better to be safe than sorry.

When the two men escaped from an underground river exit three days ago, they noticed that they were far away from the mountains, and the exit was a lake on the grasslands. After climbing out of the lake, they determined their bearings based on the direction of the sun. They walked in the same direction for more than three days, and had finally came to the capital city of Fragrant Plains, Flowing Light City.

The Old Fish was in high spirits, like a little child that was finally let out after being grounded for three days and three nights. The changes of the dazzling world made him a little dizzy, but he was amused and entertained by everything, squatting down at each stall, looking curiously and asking questions. But his line of thought, was still in the time of one million years ago, and as a result attracted a lot of laughter.

“Ah, little baby, how much is this toy?” The Old Fish crouched down at another stall again.

The stall owner was a grey-haired old man who looked hundreds of years old.

The moment he heard the Old Fish’s words, the old man immediately looked irritated. He scowled and said, “What did you say? Firstly, I am 410 years old this year, you are just around 60 years old, yet you called me a little baby? Secondly, I am not selling toys, but combat puppets, made from fine iron, they are masterpieces. Open your eyes and look carefully, the inside is engraved with pure battle formation, enough to erupt into a full-strength blow of a Bitter Sea boundary expert...”

“What? You’re only more than 400 years old? I thought you’re around 600 years old. Then I have more the reason to call you little baby, I am over one million years old, hehe.” The Old Fish triumphantly showed off his age, and then picked up one of the iron battle puppet, and smiled, “This thing only has the strength of a Bitter Sea expert? In my era, this sort of thing is everywhere, it’s much more advanced than yours. Hey, no matter how many hundred or thousand times you say it, it is still like a toy, what use is there?”

Upon hearing this, the old man suddenly opened his eyes wide.

He studied the Old Fish closely, thinking that he had really encountered a master. But on second thought, it didn't feel right, even the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had not lived to more than 1 million years old. Was this cross-eyed old man playing a joke on him?

“Who are you?” the old man asked.

The Old Fish was immediately full of enthusiasm, grinning, “Then listen carefully, stand firm, don't be scared, I am Inspiration king, the immemorial King of the Quicksand Sea of the immemorial Fiendgod Age, who governs the tens of thousands of Aquatic Race of the endless waters, even the immemorial Dragon Race was respectful to me. Back then I had more than 10 battle divisions, nine army of troops, eight war gods, seven concubines...”

Before he could finish his sentence, the old man was already certain that he was a lunatic or a conman, and had completely lost interest, “Leave, leave, leave, damn cross eye, obstructing me from doing business, hurry leave.”

“Hey? You little baby, how could you say that?” The Old Fish was unwilling to leave things at that.

Ye Qingyu could feel cold sweats forming on his forehead as he stood watching at one side. He hurriedly pulled the Old Fish away from the stall without a backward glance.

It was only when he blindly walked down a few streets, that Ye Qingyu loosened the Old Fish’s hand.

“Why did you drag me away, I haven’t really taught that little baby yet.” The Old Fish’s voice was very dissatisfied.

Ye Qingyu sighed, “King, can we be a little more low profile? You’re background is so remarkable and you talk too much, what if you scared the old man to death?”

The Old Fish was still huffing.

Ye Qingyu sighed again. “Besides, I am now being hunted by two powerful forces, I am under extreme danger, please do not give me trouble. Your Dao injury has also not healed yet, which means that you cannot fight. If those wicked people know of your identity, then the whole world will turn crazy, everyone will want to capture you. They will use all kinds of torture to force you to expose the whereabouts of the Thunder and Lightning Emperor. If you do not tell them then they will most likely make you into steamed carp soup.”

The Old Fish’s eyes popped wide open when he heard this, “They dare...”

But then he was very well behaved.

The two people wandered aimlessly around Flowing Light City all morning.

The Origin crystal that Ye Qingyu had with him could be used as currency, which the Old Fish demanded to use to buy some random things that had no use, and was purely for fun.

In the end, Ye Qingyu, who couldn’t stand it any longer, said irritably, “I can forget the other things that you bought before, but you spent a full five kilograms of Origin crystal on a formation fishing rod and dragon excrement bait. Do you want to go against the laws of heaven, you yourself are a fish, do you want to fish yourself with these things? Or are you going to go fish for your disciples and descendants?”

The Old Fish boldly replied, “It’s fun, it’s none of your business.”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

You should at least use your own money to buy it.

As they were speaking, suddenly there was a clamour of voices ahead, and vaguely the sound of swords striking. It seemed that some people were fighting.

Curiously, Ye Qingyu squeezed his way through the crowd.

It was true that some people were fighting.

There were already flesh and blood all over the place, and a few bodies scattered across the street, thoroughly dead.

Dozens of people were exchanging flashes of swords joyfully, the stench of blood directly drying up on the street.

And the several hundreds of people around were unexpectedly not at all afraid, and instead were as though watching the circus, commenting loudly at one side while watching——

“Hey? Only six dead? This is not a very exciting fight.”

“Yes, yesterday at Drunk Immortal House, the people of two little sects, in order to fight for a Greater One notice sheet, fought to death. That is what I call a lively scene, unfortunately they all died. There were hundreds of bodies. That scene really was a spectacle.”

“Come on, that fat man, I have confidence in you... what, you died as soon as I finished talking?”

“You guys hurry up and finish, I have to go and buy food for dinner.”

A group of people looked very excited as they watched.

Ye Qingyu’s face immediately darkened with a frown.

What kind of people are these, let alone the fact that they were watching the scene like it’s nothing, they are fanning the flames.

People have died, yet no one was stepping forward to stop them?

The people of Clear River Domain, were they all so brutal?

Before Ye Qingyu could intervene, the fight soon ended.

Because the people on one side were all dead.

On the winning party there were also five or six people that had died.

The leader of the winning side was a bearded expert of about thirty or forty Spirit springs. He struck the enemies on the ground repeatedly with a sword and then, regardless of the other injured and wailing companions, strode over in big steps, eagerly peeled down a pure silver-coloured notice sheet from the wall, and said laughing, “The Greater One Sect’s notice on this street, us brothers have got it, who is not satisfied, stand out now, hahaha.”

There were a lot of people around watching, but no one dared step out.

It was only now that Ye Qingyu came to understand that a number of people were unexpectedly fighting over a so called Greater One notice sheet.

From listening to the name, it most likely had some sort of relationship with the Greater One Sect.

At this time the bearded expert dropped a drop a blood onto the Greater One notice, like in the recognition of the owner. Soon after the notice sheet was flashing with a red brilliance, fusing with the bearded expert. It was extremely marvelous.

The bearded man laughed, holding the notice sheet high in the air, “You guys all saw, this notice belongs to me. Haha, three months ago, Greater One Sect issued a Greater One notice, to kill a perverted thief named Ye Qingyu within a radius of hundreds of thousands of miles. Anyone that has a Greater One notice, if they kill that perverted thief or report back the whereabouts of that perverted thief will have the opportunity of joining Greater One Sect. Haha now this Greater One notice is in my hands, if any of you guys have news of that perverted thief, notify me. I will heavily reward you, haha.”

Within a radius of millions of miles, Greater One Sect was an unrivalled ruler, high and mighty, like heaven.

So to be able to join Greater One Sect, for many mediocre and lower martial artists, was a once in a lifetime opportunity.

Three months ago, the notice that was issued by the Greater One Sect had sparked several massacre-like battles within the major cities of Fragrant Plains.

Such matters, during these three months, were happening everywhere.

“Hey? What’s going on? The name that boy just said now, it seems like you, when did you become a perverted thief?” The Old Fish put away his fishing rod that he paid a very large amount of money for, grinning, nudging Ye Qingyu with his shoulder and curiously asking.

Ye Qingyu’s face darkened. “How would I know?”

“Did you really do something to that Greater One Sect female disciple?” The Old Fish fully revealed the nosy mind that he had after being imprisoned for million years. A very wretched expression was flickering within his wretched crossed eyes. Grinning, “What happened? Don't be embarrassed, we are both men, I can understand, your physical body is so strong, and your blood and qi are so vigorous, it is understandable that you seek exuberance. Hey, lust is not a crime... Ah, I know, are you borrowing feminine force to strengthen male health?”

Ye Qingyu wished to flatten this Old Fish’s wretched face.

“Lower your voice to avoid being noticed.” Ye Qingyu could only use this kind of words to seal the mouth of the Old Fish.

Soon the crowd dispersed.

Ye Qingyu stared at that bearded man and his group of people for a moment, then decided to follow.

Along the way, he heard people talking about [The Perverted Thief of a Generation] Ye Qingyu’s story, and there were all kinds of different versions of the story.

“Hey, did you hear, there was a perverted thief from a lower domain that defiled a female disciple of Greater One Sect’s Clear Lotus Peak.”

“You heard it wrong, what I heard was completely different.”

“Ah? Is it?”

“Of course, he defiled more than 10 Clear Lotus Peak female disciples.”

“Damn, that lower domain boy is really brave, Greater One Sect is furious, he will surely be dead... However, hehe, a man should be happy if he died for a beautiful girl, to be able to get close to the fairies of Greater One Sect, it is worth dying for.”

“I also heard that a woman had come with this boy to Clear River Domain, but this woman’s luck was much better. She has been accepted as a female disciple of Clear Lotus Peak, stepping to heaven with one single step.”

“Different people, different fate. I heard that now Greater One Sect had issued an order to arrest that perverted thief.”

“Hey, this matter is quite odd. This kind of scandal should not be spread out. After all, it makes the Greater One Sect lose face, but the news had spread so quickly that the entire Clear River Domain knows. Greater One Sect has quickly become the laughingstock of the major forces, hahaha... It seems that some people are deliberately stirring up muddy waters, using this chance to strike at the Greater One Sect.”

“Yes, I heard that some young experts of other forces had come to Fragrant Plains in the hope of meeting the perverted thief Ye Qingyu.”

There were all kinds of sayings and rumours flying about.

Along the way, Ye Qingyu’s face darkened.

That trash of Greater One Sect really was harming him despite there being no benefit to he himself.

But then again, it was most likely that it was not only Xiao Yunlong who was stirring up troubles behind the scenes, a Xiao Yunlong should not have so much energy.

It was strange that such information was leaked out.

The more the Old Fish listened the more interesting he thought it was. Occasionally he gathered around the people to listen more closely.

Finally, the Old Fish was chuckling at Ye Qingyu’s misfortune. “Smelly boy, so you are this famous, hahaha.”

Ye Qingyu’s face was overcast and frowning all the way.

Finally as he followed the bearded man and his group of people into a quiet alley, Ye Qingyu’s figure flashed, directly darting over, punching and hitting. The bearded man and his group of people were already covered with injuries, but before they could understand what was happening, they were all knocked out.

Ye Qingyu searched the bearded expert’s body for the Greater One notice, which he threw over to the Old Fish, “Look at what information is on that. It is best to erase the consciousness mark that the bearded man had left on it.”

“So you’ve been following them for this.” The Old Fish began to understand.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

