Chapter 113:


Chapter 113 – The Useless Words Are Finished; Go On Your Way

As an infamous troublemaker in the Northern city district, Tao Mocheng had performed many bloody atrocities in his life before. He had also experienced many dangerous situations, with many situations that his life was hanging by one thread. But even at the most dangerous of times, he had never been so frightened like he was now.

He felt like his heart had been seized by this infernal evil spirit, infinite terror making him have difficulty breathing.

But the bronze Asura devil did not seem like it had any intentions to strike from the beginning. He did not even give Tao Mocheng a passing glance.

He was only sitting there silently.

The fire in the house flickered and faded incessantly.

As the pale yellow light of the firewood shined on his figure, there was a horrifying shadow behind his shadow.

Time passed second by second.

The two young girls that were kidnapped had never experienced such a situation before. Terrified and frightened, they had long fainted after seeing blood.

Tao Mocheng did not dare to move in the slightest. He felt as if he was in a long lasting nightmare, pain and fear gripping him. Cold sweat dripped down like starch paste, completely drenching his entire body. From his perspective, time passed by exceedingly slowly. As if this everlasting night would never end and dawn would not arrive.

Ten minutes later.

The sound of footsteps came from outside the door.

Tao Mocheng eyes brightened.

He knew that this was definitely Sun Yuhu arriving.

The young master of the Registrar office had finally arrived.

In the three days prior to this, Sun Yuhu would always appear. At the time of midnight, this young lord Sun would bring his guards to the stone house, bringing the payment along as well as enquiring about progress. According to the time right now, it was about the moment he should appear tonight.

He must have brought experts to accompany him. Was it possible that he would be able to defeat the bronze Asura?

Tao Mocheng was finally able to see a glimmer of hope.

As he thought of this, he was about to open his mouth and scream for help.

And at this time, as if the bronze Asura was able to read his mind, the mask turned around and gave him a glance.

Without knowing why, when Tao Mocheng saw the smile that was not a smile behind the bronze Asura mask, he abruptly shivered. He did not dare emit another sound again.

Ziya!

Accompanied by the light noise, the door of the stone house was pushed open.

Three people walked in.

The leading person was namely Sun Yuhu.

After a month had passed, the shoulder injury of Sun Yuhu had already pretty much completely recovered. Perhaps due to the reason that he had lost so much blood in that incident, his face seemed somewhat weak and pallid compared to his first appearance. The body that was already weak because of alcohol and women seemed even weaker now. But he still had the appearance of someone with a heavily powdered face, a fragrance of orchid lingering on his body. Even in the cold icy night where there was heavy snow, he was still carrying a jade folding fan in his hands.

This rich young master was namely laughing about something with the people beside him. He had completely recovered his arrogant and despotic disposition.

But as he entered through the door, he saw the scene. Looking at the state of the house, he was dumbfounded.

“Just what has happened?”

The two experts that were like guards standing behind him immediately went forward and blocked the front of Sun Yuhu.

These two people were the two experts that Liu Yuancheng had organized to be placed beside Sun Yuhu.

After Sun Yuhu had met with mishap last time, Liu Yuancheng because of some other reasons, did not take revenge on Ye Qingyu. But he had planned ahead for a rainy day, using a large amount of money to hire two experts of the Spirit spring stage to follow beside Sun Yuhu and not leave him unattended at all times. This was all done to protect his adopted son. Liu Lei had already died; if Sun Yuhu was to meet with an accident, the descendants of Liu Yuancheng could be said to be completely exterminated.

“Who is it”

The two guards, one left and right, pressed forward with a chilly expression.

As the saying goes, those who came did not have good intentions and people of good intentions would not come. The sensitive instincts of the two who had experienced hundreds of battles told them that there was a treacherous danger in the stone house.

Fire!

Corpses!

Fresh blood!

Half naked and unconscious young girls.

Under the light of the fire, the bronze Asura was like nothingness, as if there was nothing there at all. He sat there without breathing, without a heartbeat, and also without the fluctuation of yuan qi.

If their eyes did not tell them of his existence, they would not be able to realize such an existence was there. Just by using their yuan qi to sense, they really would not have been able to feel such a person. The two bodyguards were overwhelmed with shock, extremely alert and vigilant. With their strength, they were not able to smell the bloody stench in the house, nor sense the yuan qi fluctuation within the house before entering. This was evidence that the power of this bronze Asura was vaguely higher than theirs.

Sun Yuhu also at the first instance took several steps backwards in retreat.

At this time, the Bronze Asura slowly stood up.

And the Tao Mocheng lying on the ground was able to see under the bronze Asura mask. In the apathetic eyes, there was a shred of a strange smiling expression.

This type of feeling was as if…

The beginning of the feast of massacre!

Everyone felt their vision blurring.

The bronze Asura took a step and arrived in front of the two bodyguards, simply punching out both his fists.

Such an attack, simply could not be counted as any sort of technique. Because when the bronze Asura attacked, he did not have any intentions of defending, his entire body open to counter attacks. There were weak points present all around his body.

“Looking to die!!”

“Arrogance!”

The two bodyguards roared in rage at the same time.

Such a method of attacking was far too conceited.

Yuan qi activated and fluctuated around the two of them, lights flickering. A powerful force exploded, strong winds whistled in the stone house. Long blades unsheathed from their waists and in the dreadful friction sound of the blade and the scabbard, the tips of the cold blade shot through the air like electricity, instantly twisting apart the dim light of the fire.

The house was completely covered with the light of the chilling blades.

And what met them was only a pair of fists made from flesh.

Boom!

The long blades and the fist impacted against each other without any techniques to speak of.

Peng!

The silver tips cracked.

The two blades that had been tempered over a hundred times were shattered.

As the fragments of the blade shattered in the air, there was a beautiful scenery like that of a silver firework bursting apart.

The fist was not injured in the slightest, and did not even pause at all, striking the chest of the two bodyguards.

Kala! Kala!

It was the sounds of ribs cracking.

The two bodyguards gave a grunt, only able to sense a vast power exploding from their chest. In an instant, they were sent soaring backwards, landing on the stone wall behind them, breaking apart the wall and continuing to soar outside. Who knew how many bones had been broken in their bodies.

“How is this possible. I… have already entered into the second Spirit spring stage, you can use one punch… to defeat me… just who are you?”

“You are [Two Fists Striking the Heaven] Lin Yilong? Within Deer City, only Li Yilong has such a power contained within their fists. It must be you!”

The two guards sank to the floor.

The bodyguard on the left spurted blood madly, struggling to look towards the Bronze Asura. He and his comrades’ power had long entered the realm of two Spirit springs. Within the entire Deer City, apart from those experts that were long famous, who would be able to so easily defeat them with just one step and one fist?

Within the list of famous experts, only Lin Yilong had such a strength contained in his fists.

The bronze Asura did not make any sort of response.

His gaze, gradually moved and ultimately fell on Sun Yuhu’s body.

The light of the gaze was ruthless, like a cat catching a mouse.

“You…” Sun Yuhu was not an idiot. Seeing that the situation was not going well, he turned to run.

An invisible huge suction came from behind him, stopping him in his tracks and dragging him backwards through the air. As he struck the half broken wall with a crash, it was unknown how many pieces of his bones were broken in that instant. He was so scared that he was nearly driven mad, not even feeling the pain. Screaming madly, “No, don’t kill me. I am the son of Liu Yuancheng, don’t kill me…There must be some mistake, a mistake, we are not acquainted…”

“Haha…”

An icy mocking tone sounded.

This was the first sound that had come from the mouth of the bronze Asura.

“Hush!” He performed a gesture that told them not to speak. A very special sound came from behind the mask, as if it was a voice used to coax little children. Lightly, he said, “Be obedient. First don’t speak, let me speak. When I finish, you can speak.”

Tao Mocheng, in this instant, had a strange sensation. As if the bronze Asura had suddenly dropped his killing aura, completely changing into a different person. From a ferocious ghost of slaughter, he became a ruffian. Within his words, there was a similar sense of pride from a crafty prank succeeding.

“No, no… don’t kill me, don’t… Save me!” Sun Yuhu was scared witless, beginning to scream nonsense.

The bravery of this wealthy young lord was so small that it was pitiful.

“You are really not obedient in the slightest,” the bronze Asura mumbled in dissatisfaction, then casually kicked out.

Xiu!

In the sharp piercing sound of air being broken, a little rock shot out, shooting directly into the mouth of Sun Yuhu.

Sun Yuhu let out a wretched cry, feeling his mouth going numb, then completely lost all sensation. He wanted to speak, but the sounds coming from his mouth were meaningless low and hoarse syllables. He absolutely could not say any complete words.

“I’ve already said, don’t speak. Listen to me. Why are you not obedient in the slightest?” The bronze Asura seemed to be angry.

Sun Yuhu wanted to scream but he could not.

Tao Mocheng was even worse, his entire body quivering, not even daring to let out a fart.

The bronze Asura walked over towards the two bodyguards that had fainted. After observing for a moment, he supplemented them each with a strike on their foreheads, confirming that both of them were unconscious and would not hear his words right after. Then he picked up a broken blade discarded on the ground, adding an extra slice on the corpses of Chen Er and the other ruffians, confirming that they were completely dead. He then threw away the broken blade.

He dragged Tao Mocheng up, throwing him beside Sun Yuhu.

Afterwards, he crouched in front of the two. Ye Qingyu saying slowly and orderly, “Someone once said that when the time is right to act, you should just act, and you must not delay foolishly for no purpose. So I originally didn’t want to speak these foolish words and just crisply slaughter you with one strike. But after considering, I spent so much effort dressing up as a god and playing the devil for half the day that it seems such a waste. Without being able to see your regretful and suffering expression and enjoying the pleasure of my plan succeeding, how meaningless is this… So let’s speak, let us discuss the entire process of development.”

Sun Yuhu whimpered and struggled madly, as if he had something he wanted to say. But it was a pity that his mouth of teeth and tongue was crippled, not able to form words.

“No, no, no, you must have recognized the wrong people, we did not offend you before…” Tao Mocheng was so frightened that snot and tears flowed down together from the front of his face.

The bronze Asura began chuckling grimly. “Recognize the wrong people? How is this possible, I remembered your face very well on the first day. Things that act recklessly, you’ve already surrounded my residence for over twenty days, would I be mistaken?”

The colour of Tao Mocheng’s face completely changed.

He finally realized who the person in front of him was.

“What about it? Are you scared? Do you think that I am still threatening you with empty words?” The Ye Qingyu wearing the mask began to laugh out loud. “Hahaha, look at your face, you are so scared that you are crying. Weren’t you very arrogant beforehand… this is too invigorating, such a feeling is really too invigorating.”

“I… I… I…” Tao Mocheng was so frightened that he bowed down, his head kowtowing like pounding garlic, not even able to utter another word.

At this time, Tao Mocheng was so regretful that he could die. He hated the fact that he could not hack Sun Yuhu into pieces for dragging him into this.

Was it not said that the most important thing for wealthy people was face?

Was it not said that a little childlike Ye Qingyu, that brute was very easy to handle?

Was it not said that this plan was absolutely safe with no possibility of failure?

Was it not said…

He did not think that Ye Qingyu would use such a direct method to solve the problem.

“In truth, from the start, I did not really want to kill you.” Ye Qingyu waved his hands. “I originally thought a ruffian like you is everywhere in the city. Receiving money and acting for someone, thinking nothing but personal gain, that is your way of living. Even if this is wrong, you do not deserve to die…”

“Yes, yes, yes, yes. What you said is right, absolutely right. I am only a ruffian, please be magnanimous, spare me…” Tao Mocheng felt delight in his heart after hearing such words. Following the flow, he started kowtowing like grinding garlic.

Ye Qingyu patted him on the shoulder. “Wait, don’t be so happy so quickly. Wait until I finish speaking. If bowing is any use, then Snow Country would have been long peaceful… I originally didn’t want to take your life, but when I saw them…” Ye Qingyu pointed at the two pitiful young girls that were fainted on the ground. He continued, “And hearing your words, I suddenly felt that scum like you is better dead than alive.”

“Don’t, I don’t want to die, I…” Tao Mocheng was horrified, his mouth opened wanting to protest…

“And those girls that were sold into a living hell, they all said they don’t want to. Just how did you treat them?” Ye Qingyu smiled, lightly saying. “Look, I’ve already said so much. Do you now understand why you’re going to die? Be obedient, listen to my words and go on your way in peace.”

Before he had finished.

With a strike of his palm, he struck the trembling Tao Mocheng. Like a nail, he was firmly and deeply embedded like a nail onto the soil.

This time, he thoroughly and completely stopped breathing.

Then, Ye Qingyu turned his head to look towards the terror stricken Sun Yuhu, taking off the bronze Asura mask from his face. Slowly walking over with a type of smile that Sun Yuhu thought was even more frightening than the devil. “It’s you turn… En, I’ve already said so much useless words. I don’t want to make any more explanations. Seeing my face, I guess you can already die in peace.”

White foam vomited from Sun Yuhu’s mouth, his eyes filled with pleading.

“The man has no intention to hurt the tiger, but the tiger has the mind to injure the man.” Ye Qingyu slowly wore his mask again. “The matter previously, I originally did not want to pursue it anymore. But who would have thought you would look for your death by yourself and personally came to my doorsteps. I am about to leave Deer City. To leave a tumour like you behind, it will very likely affect my friends and family… Haha, then please go on your way!”

Ye Qingyu slowly lifted his hand.

At this time—

PuChi!

A light noise, then an indescribable stench emitted from Sun Yuhu’s crotch.

He loudly spurted white foam, a shred of green liquid at the corner of his lips. Unexpectedly, he had taken his last breath. His courage had broken down. He was scared to his own death.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 114:


Chapter 114 – Before Leaving (2)

He was so frightened he died?

He really was a complete trash.

Seeing this, Ye Qingyu could neither laugh nor cry.

He did not expect that Sun Yuhu would act so arrogant and despotic, but was in reality so cowardly. But dying like that was fine too, it saved him the trouble of acting himself.

This time, it could be considered that Sun Yuhu’s death ended all trouble. Originally, Ye Qingyu was slightly worried that after he left, Sun Yuhu would act against Qin Lan and the others in the Ye residence. But at that moment, he did not have a good method to handle him. Who would have thought that this guy would come and look for his death himself, presenting himself on Ye Qingyu’s doorsteps? Tonight, he had completely severed this calamity and he would not leave any concerns behind in Deer City. As for the other miscellaneous matters, there should not be any major problems with the newly appointed big player Hon Kong looking after the situation.

With a will of his heart, Ye Qingyu beckoned his hand to the corner twenty meters away.

Faint light flickered.

A pole of the [Sentry Guard] flew through the air and returned to his hand.

In the page of the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], as long as enough inner yuan was inserted, then four poles of [Sentry Guards] could be created. The [Sentry Guard] that had returned to Ye Qingyu’s hands had already been placed here for over twenty days.

Only by utilizing this [Sentry Guard], could Ye Qingyu be well acquainted with the comings and goings of this place.

According to his previous surveillance, he knew that tonight Sun Yuhu and the others would definitely come and meet up with Tao Mocheng and the others to discuss their strategy after this. Therefore, Ye Qingyu had attacked this evening. As the saying goes, to shoot the horse before the man and to capture the leader before the underlings. After he had killed Tao Mocheng and Sun Yuhu with a thunder-like method, the beggars and ruffians surrounding the Ye residence were only a directionless mob. They would slowly disperse on their own.

The moment he turned around, Ye Qingyu thought of something.

His gaze fell on the two unconscious young girls.

If he left them here, these two pitiful girls would definitely be brought away by the Registrar office or perhaps the [Capture Barracks]. They would be tortured and interrogated. Losing two sons consecutively, one could easily imagine how crazy a state Liu Yuancheng would be. He would absolutely not let go of the two girls.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, bringing the two unconscious girls away.

The colour of the night became darker and darker.

The heavy snow drifted in the skies.

No one noticed what had happened here.

…… ……

The second day.

There was fine weather after the snow, the morning sun illuminating the entire city.

It was a clear day that was hard to come by.

Ye Qingyu finished his morning training then went to the front hall to have breakfast along with Qin Lan, Little Grass and Qingqing.

The granddaughter of Li Shizen had already utterly became the best friend of Little Grass, their relationship progressing exceedingly well. They nearly spent every day sleeping and eating together. The two little girls possessing a similar fate, finally got to experience the joys of being around someone of their own age. Last night, the little girl had followed Little Grass back to sleep in the Ye residence, and they had already done so previously. This quickly became a custom, and Qingqing was not unfamiliar with this place anymore.

“Young master, Grandfather told me to pass on a message.” After Qingqing had finished breakfast, she abruptly came in front of Ye Qingyu. Very seriously she said “He’s been enlisted to head towards the Youyan Pass. It’s possible that he has to leave [Taoxuan Pavilion].”

“What?” Ye Qingyu was greatly shocked. “There’s such a thing occurring?”

Qingqing nodded her head. “It’s already been decided tens of days ago. Grandfather is going to go to the front lines as a medical officer, and he told me not to tell you. Today all the enlisted men will set off from Deer City. Grandfather instructed me to notify you and to thank you for all the care you have shown these days.”

“But…” Ye Qingyu did not know what he should say. The news had come too suddenly.

Li Shizen was already over seventy years of age and he had not practiced martial arts before. The foundation of his body was extremely poor. The Youyan Pass, was a place famous for its barren lands saturated with bitter cold. For an old man to go to such a place, could his body and bones really withstand it?

Ye Qingyu was somewhat worried.

Just what was the military thinking, that they would choose such an old person to become the medical officer?

This was just simply ridiculous.

“It’s Grandfather that wants to go.” Qingqing seemed to know what Ye Qingyu was thinking, lowering her head and saying, “Grandfather said that the soldiers’ pay is very high in the front lines. He wants to use the last moment of his life to earn some of my dowry.”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Qingqing continued to speak, “I’ve tried to persuade him for so long, but it was no use. I wanted to follow my grandfather along, but Grandfather said that if I did not listen to his words, he would immediately die in front of me… I had no other way. Young master, I heard that you’re also going to the Youyan Pass. You… at that place, could you take care of my Grandfather a little bit?”

The information that Ye Qingyu was preparing to leave Deer City had been privately passed on to Qin Lan, Little Grass and Tang San. It seemed like Qingqing also knew.

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

Since the matter was already decided, he was too late to change anything at this moment.

Ye Qingyu did not know what Li Shizen was thinking at all. If he stayed in Deer City, the Ye residence would definitely not mistreat him. Staying in the [Taoxuan Pavilion] as a doctor would definitely hold many benefits for him. He would be able to stay beside his granddaughter and enjoy the joys of family bonds. If he needed money, then Ye Qingyu would have absolutely supported him. But if he went to the front lines at Youyan Pass with his body condition, he would definitely be in a situation that he would most likely die in. This would absolutely make Qingqing feel pain so great she would not want to live anymore.

It was a pity that nothing could be changed anymore.

From the simple description of Qingqing, Ye Qingyu was able to feel that Li Shizen had already made up his mind and determination. Even if he went to persuade him right now, there would absolutely be no effect.

A strange old man.

A stubborn old man.

“Rest assured, I will do my utmost to take care of him.” Ye Qingyu could only say such words to Qingqing.

Qingqing seriously and deeply bowed.

……

At noontime, the city began to heat with excitement.

The first batch of reinforcements heading towards the front lines of Youyan Pass were setting off.

A crowd was completely packed in the main road of the Northern urban area, seeing the soldiers off.

The military and the city leader office had organized an activity to see them off, as well as some age old ceremonies.

The entire Deer City attached extreme important to the enlistment— in truth, according to the historical traditions of Snow Country, the soldiers heading towards the front lines would receive the greatest possible respect. Because no one knew whether these people would have the opportunity to return alive. Many people understood that the people headed towards the dangerous areas, in order to protect the right of survival for their race, were heroes. They were the true warriors of this race.

Ye Qingyu was also present during the seeing off ceremonies on the street.

He brought along Qingqing to see Li Shizen off.

The old man was wearing a light chain mail, carrying a walking stick. It seemed his vitality was not bad.

After embracing his granddaughter and giving her a kiss, Li Shizen looked towards Ye Qingyu and smiled. “Young master, from now on I will have to trouble Qingqing with you. If possible, please could you take care of this little child…”

Ye Qingyu did not wait for him to finish. Saying straightforwardly, ” Don’t worry, from now on Qingqing will be as my sister.”

Li Shizen gave a small smile. His ancient eyes containing wisdom became much more tranquil. He patted Qingqing on her head, reluctant to part with her at all but ultimately leaving. His figured entered the flow of the army departing the city, holding his staff and setting foot on his long journey.

Such a scene of departure was occurring at every moment on both sides of the street.

The composition of the reinforcement army was slightly disordered. Not only commoners and wandering martial artists were recruited, many noble members were also enlisted.

Even though noble families had many special privileges, but when facing the recruitment of the country’s military, they could not escape. According to the traditional thinking of the country, the nobles who enjoyed much more rights and power than the commoners should also accept much more responsibility. Therefore, there was an even greater reason for them to answer the call of enlistment, to head to the front lines and kill the enemy.

When the yuan qi cannon [JR1] [AT2] on the city gate shot out three times, the seeing off ceremony had officially finished.

Under the gazes of everyone, an army that had been constructed hastily set off. No more than three thousand people, they majestically walked out the city gates of Deer City. Stepping on the vast and thick accumulated snow, they disappeared in the white horizon.

No one knew just how many of the three thousand would be able to return.

Perhaps they would never come back.

Such scenes occurred not only in Snow Country, not only in the Heaven Wasteland domain. In the countless domains of the three thousand worlds, to obtain their right to survive, to obtain space to live and resources, the Human Race had to fight. Every moment was spent in battle; every moment they were bleeding. At all times, there were countless people dying. No matter how many internal strife and conflicts there were in the history of the Human Race, they were always able to unite together for this purpose.

Qingqing stood next to Ye Qingyu, staring and seeing off till the army disappeared.

She did not say anything. She did not cry.

Ye Qingyu was able to feel that this little girl had a frightening tranquility and staunchness.

……

The next few days, the entire Deer City was immersed in a rare peaceful state of affairs.

Ye Qingyu also undertook his last preparations to leave.

He heard that a great matter had occurred with the Registrar office. Liu Yuancheng had gone crazy and beaten to death his two most loved concubines. He was so angry after this that he had spat blood and fainted. The entire Registrar office was consumed by a mood of mourning and urgency. The reason for this was that the adopted son of Liu Yuancheng had mysteriously died.

There were all sorts of rumours in the city; that the bad deeds performed by Liu Yuancheng were too many and he had therefore received his karmic punishment. He was punished with the fate of all his descendants being exterminated.

Such rumours made Liu Yuancheng greatly lose face within the noble families. He was somewhat not able to lift up his head in front of the nobles.

And at the same time, the beggars and ruffians gathered outside the Ye mansion began to disperse. Without the financial support and directions of Tao Mocheng and the others, the poor beggars had to spend every day in a busy state just to survive on. Just where did they have the time and effort to waste on surrounding the Ye residence…

Contrary to expectations, the Ye residence forgot past enmities and began offering food relief outside the residence. They helped the needy, winning a large amount of public praise. The refugees who had once thrown the corpses of animals over the wall began weeping bitter tears and admitting their mistakes. In this period of time, the prestige and reputation of the Ye family rose and grew sharply among the common people. And as for the rumours that Ye Qingyu had relations with the girl of darkness, these gradually ceased.

“This is a good thing. The money used to hand out food relief, were all taken from the bodies of Sun Yuhu and Tao Mocheng that night. This can be considered as making the most of everything. The rumours had been suppressed and the Ye residence could be said as having completely stabilized, firmly planting its roots within the city.

Ye Qingyu could begin to feel assured.

And at this time, Hon Kong sent over someone to give news that the matters regarding Ye Qingyu had been arranged.

Different from the recruited commoners and normal nobles who headed to the front lines, Ye Qingyu was the inheritor of the heroic military medal of the country. He had a special status, and had some abnormal privileges that even nobles did not possess. Without even heading to the front lines, he was appointed as the patrolling sword envoy.

Such news, was completely outside of Ye Qingyu’s calculations.

Without heading to the front lines, he was already an officer?

Demon King Ye began laughing excitedly.

This was a good incident, a great incident.

The heroic brass badge really had such a status. This also greatly exceeded Ye Qingyu’s imagination.

But as to just what kind of position the patrolling sword envoy was, or the power it possessed, Ye Qingyu was not too clear.

The second day, the official appointment of the royal court of the country arrived at Deer City.

Ye Qingyu received this appointment within White Deer Academy, and finally became a person truly belonging to the country’s military.

According to the instructions of the royal court, Ye Qingyu had one day to arrange things within his family. He was to set off the day after that onto his journey.

The next two days, Ye Qingyu could not be counted as too busy. The matters in the Ye residence had already been utterly arranged already. He strolled and visited all parts of the city, and again went to the White Deer Academy to see teacher Hon Kong, reminiscing about former times, Hon Kong nagged and repeatedly urged about many matters. Only after that, would he let Ye Qingyu go.

And at the time he walked out from the office of Hon Kong, he coincidentally bumped into Song Qingluo. He conversed with her for a while.

After the matter regarding the little loli, there was a significant impact on the Qingluo Merchant Company. The business fell by a thousand meters. Because of the troubles of her family, Song Qingluo did not have the graceful bearing of she previously possessed. Her entire person became much more stable and reserved.

By the time he returned to the residence, evening had already descended.

Qin Lan had prepared a small scale midnight feast, something to see Ye Qingyu off.

All around the residence, everyone did not wish to part with this amiable young master. There were several female servants that secretly wiped away their tears. The appearance of Ye Qingyu had changed the fates of everyone. For this, he received the gratitude of everyone in the mansion.

Including the two pitiful girls that Ye Qingyu had brought back.

That night if not for Ye Qingyu’s appearance, the two would definitely suffer under the poisonous hands of Tao Mocheng and the others. Their ends would have been incomparably miserable. After Ye Qingyu came, they fainted from fear and did not realize what had occurred. Ye Qingyu brought the two of them back. Qin Lan said that the residence was coincidentally lacking in people, and their appearance could be counted as a fortune, taking them in. After the two had awakened, using a little trickery and explanation, they managed to make both of them stay.

The two girls did not know that Ye Qingyu was the bronze Asura ghost shadow. They thought that it was really as Qin Lan had told them, that they had fainted in front of the entrance of the Ye residence and were rescued. With utmost gratitude, they naturally wished to stay within the Ye residence out of their own will.

After considering for a while, Ye Qingyu also agreed.

He was able to tell, that the two girls were not normal ruffians off the street. Perhaps they had some other background, and had never suffered hardship before. Their living ability was extremely poor, as if they were young ladies from a wealthy family. But they did not know any martial hearts, and was really pitiful. If he did not let them stay, they would most likely be devoured by the other ruffians until not even a scrap remained.

Time quickly passed.

The evening feast ended.

The Qingqing who had returned along with Little Grass, suddenly went in search of Ye Qingyu.

“This is something my grandfather told me to hand to you.” Qingqing passed over a half meter long dark red wooden box. “He said the things inside will be useful to you.”

“What is inside?” After slight surprise, Ye Qingyu took the box and asked with a grin.

Qingqing shook her head. “I also don’t know.”

This made Ye Qingyu feel that something strange was up.

As Qingqing finished, she turned and left just like a little adult.

Ye Qingyu shook his head with a faint smile, lightly opening the wooden box.

A peculiar fragrance emitted from the wooden box, accompanied by a faint golden radiance.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 115:


Chapter 115 – The Sudden Change in the Watch Post

Deer Mountain Range.

The hundred broken mountains.

Snow and wind fell incessantly. The hundred years of accumulated snow layer had turned the ground into a glacier. This was like a place where dragons and snakes crouched, one not able to see the end of this landscape through a glance.

The snowflakes in the air covered everything and completely filled the sky. Even for a Spirit spring expert, their line of sight would not exceed thirty or forty meters. The snowflakes and ice crystals were swept apart by the strong wind, sharp like a blade. If it struck upon armour, it would emit a series of sparks.

Such an environment was so terrible and dire that a normal person would have no chance of surviving.

Ye Qingyu’s group had six people in it, currently sitting at a sentry post several hundred meters high and located behind the icy cliff. They were reorganizing and resting.

Ye Qingyu had left Deer City the day before.

Because this was the army’s itinerary and route, it involved matters that had to be kept secret. Therefore, the path they took was different from the normal road that armed escort companies usually travelled by.

On the day that Ye Qingyu and his group left Deer City, they headed tens of kilometers north. In a concealed military sentry post, they activated the teleportation formation contained within and were transferred to another sentry post. They used another teleportation formation and headed to another sentry post… this continued on like so.

Ye Qingyu possessed a military position and therefore the route of his travel was even more secretive. All of the formations were located at places outsiders would definitely not be aware of.

Approximately a day later, Ye Qingyu had already travelled four or five thousand kilometers away from Deer City.

The further North they travelled, the colder and chiller the air became. The environment became harsher and harsher.

What the Snow Country was confronting in the Northern borders was the Snow Ground Demon Race. They were a race that was naturally born in the snow, and had already thoroughly adapted to the severe winter, holding an enormous threat. The location that Ye Qingyu and the others were in was already not an entirely safe area. Occasionally, they would be able to see the come and go of [Snow Ground Demon Beasts] passing by. [Snow Ground Demon Beasts] were the close relatives of Snow Ground Demon Race. They did not have high intelligence but possessed great destructive power. Even the sentry posts of the country would occasionally receive the attacks of these [Snow Ground Demon Beasts].

Therefore, this place could not be said to be an area devoid of danger.

“We are currently attempting to communicate with sixty seventh watch post. We need a little bit of time, please wait a while sir.”

The head guard of the watch post was an elite that had encountered a hundred battles. He was a veteran that the Youyan Pass had left behind. Seeming to be around thirty years of age, he possessed a well-built physique and sideburns on his face. Very enthusiastically, he came over and greeted Ye Qingyu.

“This doesn’t matter. thank you very much.” Ye Qingyu quickly rushed to express his thanks.

The sentries including the head did not number more than twenty people stationed here to defend. After observing in detail, Ye Qingyu discovered that the head of the guards was around the third Spirit spring of strength, but had suffered a hidden injury making his leg somewhat handicapped. His strength was greatly reduced. The other people were all between the fifth stages of the Ordinary martial level to having half a step in the Spirit spring stage. They were a well-trained and disciplined group albeit with their age slightly leaning towards the higher side.

It was a group of veterans.

A group of people that was worthy of respect.

The sentry post was extremely small scale and was hidden behind one of the ice cliffs. There were only five or six icy caves behind this cliff. It was hard to imagine just how boring and lonely it was to be stationed all year in a place where it was completely covered with ice and snow, with only the accompaniment of [Snow Ground Demon Beasts]. And for the old veterans stationed within this sentry post, this duty would keep them occupied for tens of years. There were times when the sentry post was completely broken through by the [Snow Ground Demon Beasts], and before any reinforcement could arrive, all contact would be lost. Their corpses were never ever able to be found again.

Accompanying Ye Qingyu heading towards Youyan Pass were four elite military officers of the [Breakthrough Barracks].

After bringing Ye Qingyu to his destination, they had to return and await further orders.

On the way here, Ye Qingyu had already familiarized himself with these four people, with talk and laughter between them.

The bonfire of the sentry post burned with a raging flame.

Outside, there were the whistle of strong winds and also the roars of the [Snow Ground Demon Beasts] sounding at all times.

After a short while, the head of the guards rushed over with sweat covering his face. “I don’t know what’s happening, but the sixty seventh sentry post has no way of being contacted. My superiors, perhaps you have to wait for another few hours…”

Ye Qingyu brows furrowed. “Has there been such a thing that has occurred before?”

“It has happened a few times before. It’s not very common. Sometimes when the weather is particularly terrible, it will affect the normal fluctuation of the yuan qi in Heaven and Earth and there is no way to communicate using formations. But after a few attempts, it has always been fixed. We are in the midst of attempting to keep doing so. I am really sorry, please just wait patiently…” The head of the guards explained with a red face.

“Since it is like this, then it does not matter if we wait a little. There is no need to hurry.” Ye Qingyu comforted him with a smile.

The head of the sentries answered with a sound, quickly rushing off again.

Ye Qingyu looked towards the darkening colour of sky. Without knowing why, he suddenly had a feeling that this formation would not be fixed before tomorrow.

As expected, until the time of midnight, the formation was still in the state where contact could not be made.

Ye Qingyu and the other four could only rest, patiently waiting.

The conditions of the watch post was limited so Ye Qingyu and the other four officers of the [Breakthrough Barracks] had been arranged to sleep in the same room.

Time passed on.

The four military officers slept on four separate ice beds, closing their eyes and recuperating. Blades were still in their embrace, evidently not asleep. The four appeared very vigilant, their position just so that they were defending against the doors and windows. The four protected and watched over Ye Qingyu, displaying a very high level of military training.

Ye Qingyu was in the middle of the ice bed, sleeping in his clothes.

In his mind, he thought back to the night before he left, to the wooden box that Li Shizen instructed Qingqing to hand to him.

Inside the wooden box, was a tangerine yellow piece of fur. Ye Qingyu did not know just what kind of creature it came from. It had strands of silky hair, exceedingly tough and durable and brought with it a faint yuan qi fluctuation. The fur emitted with a pale yellow light, and on it was some strange characters written on it. Ye Qingyu was stunned in his first glance, because these characters were from the God and Devil Age.

After he carefully translated these letters, he discovered it was an ancient pill formula.

Ye Qingyu’s foundation and knowledge in pills and medicine was not very great. But even he was able to discern that this should be a formula for creating a pill that condensed inner yuan and drew energy from Heaven and Earth. It was named the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. According to this formula, if you managed to successfully create this pill, then one [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was able to cause an increase in your inner yuan. It was comparable to one or two months of the normal training of a Spirit spring expert.

After Ye Qingyu read this, he was exceedingly shaken.

The value of this [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was hard to imagine.

If this fur pill formula was circulated, it was enough for all the major factions of Deer Mountain Range to bleed over this. Between martial artists, it was enough to set off foul wind and bloody rain.

He could not comprehend how this pill formula had arrived in Li Shizen’s hands.

It was a heavy present.

Ye Qingyu read it tens of times, etching the contents of the pill formula deep into his heart. Afterwards, he kept the pill formula beside his body at all times. As for the wooden box that held the pill formula, Ye Qingyu left it behind in the Ye residence.

Outside the ice doors, cold air whistled pass.

Ye Qingyu planned, after he had arrived within Youyan Pass, to think of a plan to train in the concoction of pills. The best result would be that he would be able to produce the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] by himself. With such a method, his rate of training would be even faster.

The night darkened.

Ye Qingyu lay down on the ice bed, practicing according to the nameless breathing technique. Gradually, he entered into a blank state of mind, as if he was in the depths of his sleep.

Very quickly, the sounds of the snores of the four military officers around him was able to be heard too.

It became chillier and chillier all around.

Without knowing just how long had passed.

Suddenly, a change occurred—

The Ye Qingyu who had entered into a state of blankness, without any reason a spell of palpitation came over him, goosebumps rising. This type of sensation, was like a wild beast feeling the arrival of danger. In this instant, Ye Qingyu’s instinctive reaction was quicker than his thoughts. Nearly subconsciously, he rolled over to the left…

Ding!

A streak of cold sword descended on the ice bed that he was just lying on.

The bed of ice exploded into four or five pieces.

Ye Qingyu’s inner yuan activated, his palm striking out with force. Using the force of the rebound, he sent himself flying six or seven meters back, using the corner of the room to stabilize himself.

Opposite him.

The military officer who had launched a sneak attack had astonishment on his face.

The one who had ambushed him was one of the four military officers that had guarded and led Ye Qingyu to Youyan Pass.

He had not considered that this blade he had calculated many times over would miss. In the instant it was about to chop Ye Qingyu apart, it was evaded. A person that was in the depths of their sleep could really have such a quick reaction.

“Why would you do this?” Ye Qingyu’s face began to become icy.

The military officer calmed down, and displayed a sinister smile upon hearing this. “Someone wants your life.”

After this, the long blade shook, yuan qi surging. The sword light was like a shooting star that struck to kill.

Ye Qingyu’s heart shivered.

This military officer was not weak. He was at least an expert of three Spirit springs.

Previously, he had pretended he was only at the sixth stage of the ordinary martial level. Ye Qingyu’s experience was lacking, so he could not discern this fact.

Ye Qingyu moved, not counter attacking at first. Inner yuan activating, he flashed to the other side of this icy cave and evaded that malicious strike.

The military officer gave a low shout, his blades incessant and unending. Like autumn waters flowing back into the sky, it was packed with cold. Another blade hacked towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was about to strike back when something outside of his expectations happened yet again—

Xiu!Xiu!

It was two rays of sword light that were enough to seep into ones marrows. Without any omen from it, it exploded from the other two beds of ice. Quick as lightning, one left and one right, it attacked from behind Ye Qingyu. In an instant, the tips of the blade had already descended on Ye Qingyu, the clothes being sliced apart by the blades…

It was yet another sneak attack.

The two military officers lying on the ice bed in the depths of sleep were also assassins.

In an instant, an absolute killing situation was created.

Ye Qingyu faced three opponents.

It could be said this was a situation of absolute death.

“Die!” The first military officer who attacked first laughed maliciously, his blades surging.

Ye Qingyu’s lips suddenly fiercely curled in an arc.

Silver light began to abruptly converge in the ice room.

A sword like autumn waters appeared in Ye Qingyu’s hands.

[Little Shang sword]!

This Spirit weapon that had already been submerged and nourished within Ye Qingyu’s dantian desert world for months appeared for the first time. The moment that Ye Qingyu grasped the sword, it was as if the [Little Shang sword] had gained intelligence. It emitted clear humming sounds, vibrating slightly, the crystal clear light radiating all around the entire ice room.

The autumn water sword was radiant like jade or bone!

The sword that was born to shed blood for a just cause!

The glow of the light exploded.

Chi!Chi!Chi!

The light sounds of three pairs of clothes being ripped and sliced apart was heard.

The three long blades advanced and stabbed towards Ye Qingyu. When the tip of the blades reached Ye Qingyu’s body, they suddenly froze at that very moment. As if it were three poisonous snakes that had lost their lives, they could not advance an inch further.

Ye Qingyu was like a gust of wind, already two meters away.

The three military officers widened their eyes, their faces covered with shock and disbelief.

And in this instant, the [Little Shang sword] flickered. Like a sword hurricane, it passed by their bodies, reaping away their life. The speed of the sword was far too quick. Even though at this moment they could not see any wounds on their bodies, but the three military officers could clearly sense that their bodies had already been sliced deeply at the waist.

“Why… is it… like this…” the leading military officer asked with great difficult. “How did you know…

He did not understand why Ye Qingyu had such good fortune. He evaded his first strike then managed to dodged the confrontation of certain death.

After thinking it over, there was only one explanation—

That Ye Qingyu already knew long ago that he and the others wanted to assassinate him. He had long made precautions.

This was the only logical explanation

Today’s assassination had been in the making for a very long time.

According to the most optimistic evaluation of Ye Qingyu’s strength, he was only at the peak of the second Spirit spring stage. Any one of these three had the ability to kill Ye Qingyu one on one. Why was it that the three of them teaming up was instead slaughtered by Ye Qingyu?

Could it be that the previous reports and information gleaned was wrong?

“Speak, who instructed you to kill me?” Ye Qingyu’s long sword pointed at the ground, his aura ferocious. He advanced forward step by step.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 116:


Chapter 116 – A Type of Belief

“Ahah, hahaha we will wait for you beneath the grounds.” The military officer emitted a hideous laugh, his figure swaying and falling.

The other two also fell at the same time.

The smell of blood permeated the air.

“The dead duck has been cooked, but its beak is still stiff… But this was still a pity. Their strength could be counted as high. The elite of the army really became assassins.” Ye Qingyu shook his head in disappointment. He had shown no mercy because there was not a need to show mercy.

The three people would definitely not spit out the identity of the people standing behind them directing their actions. The opposing party had planned and schemed for so long that they had even stretched out their hands into the [Breakthrough Barracks]. Their identities were definitely significant. The three people were warriors who did not fear death, chosen very carefully for this mission. Even if they suffered torture and interrogation, they would not utter a word.

But what he could determine was that the status and power of the person behind the scenes was definitely not simple.

After a slight consideration, he could largely figure out the identity behind this. The number of people in Deer City able to interfere in the business of the country’s [Breakthrough Barracks] could be counted in two hands.

The person who wanted to kill himself became even clearer.

There was already an indistinct answer in Ye Qingyu’s heart.

A clear and loud breathing coming from beside his ears.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to look.

The last military officer lay on the ice bed, his snore like thunder. This person’s ability to sleep was really too great; such an event like Heaven itself being overthrown had occurred in the ice room, and he as a martial artist did not sense anything. He was still in the midst of his sleep. Perhaps he would not even know how he died if Ye Qingyu had not stopped the assassins.

Ye Qingyu smiled, stowing away his sword and went to shake him awake.

The military officer squinted as he opened his eyes, staring at Ye Qingyu. Seeing Ye Qingyu’s face, he was shocked. He quickly jumped up from the ice bed, rubbing his eyes and the back of his head. “Eh? What is it? Superior Ye… is it dawn? Are we about to set off… could it be that I have overslept?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head, pointing to the three corpses.

The military officer let out a shocked gasp, his sleepiness instantly gone. With a face of shock, he went over and observed for a while, saying, “Sword injuries… an extremely fast sword… what happened? There’s enemies attacking? But, superior you… just what is going on?”

Ye Qingyu retold what just happened briefly to him.

“What?” The military officer jumped up. “This is impossible?”

Ye Qingyu had a smile that was not a smile. “Why is it impossible? Do you mean that I am lying?”

The military officer rushed to say his apologies, “Your subordinate does not dare. But it’s just that this matter is too bizarre. These three people entered along with me to the [Breakthrough Barracks], it has been four years already. At the start, we enlisted into the military together. I understand them extremely well. To dare to ambush superior you, this is a crime punishable by death, this… could they have gone crazy?”

The dismayed complexion of the military officer was astonished, evidently finding it hard to receive such news. He did not look like he was lying.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, not saying anything else.

This matter, was really bizarre.

“The truth behind this matter, we will slowly investigate.” Ye Qingyu gradually came in front of the window of the ice room, looking out at the heavy snow outside in the boundless white. Saying in a considering tone, “Don’t worry, I won’t blame you. There will be such a day that the water recedes and the rocks are exposed*. I have a feeling that our journey will not be too peaceful.”

Hearing this, the military officer was moved. Bowing his thanks, “Thank you sir, for your trust.”

Before he had finished.

Xiu!

Silver weapons, like a toxic snake coming from its den, shot out. In the instant that the military officer lowered his head, these weapons exploded from his nape without sounds or signs, striking towards Ye Qingyu.

The Ye Qingyu who had his back facing him absolutely did not notice such a minuscule movement.

The hidden weapon did not emit any sounds.

This was a sure kill.

But—

Ding!Ding!Ding!

Rapid sounds of metal clashing resounded.

Accompanied by the clustered sparks, three silver needles enough to penetrate was sent flying. They landed against the walls of the ice room.

The [Little Shang sword] was held in Ye Qingyu’s left hand. He had long turned around, grinning mockingly at the military officer.

Seeing that his sneak attack had not been successful, the military officer’s reaction was very quick. Like a snake, he moved from his original position, flashing and widening their distance. After reaching ten meters away, he had an expression of surprise at Ye Qingyu. “You… so you had long made preparations. But, just how did you discover I was also a killer?”

“Haha, a Spirit spring expert, can he enter into such a deep sleep? So deep that he could not even sense such strong yuan qi fluctuations right next to him?” Ye Qingyu held the [Little Shang sword] with one hand, the autumn water body of the blade glowing and illuminating the ice room. Like moving quicksilver, he pressed forward step by step. “And in such a situation, he would still pretend to be asleep? Are you too stupid or too retarded?”

A streak of embarrassed anger immediately coloured the face of the military officer. “Die!”

The joints of his body moved like a machine.

Xiu!Xiu!

Countless dim glimmers pierced through space and struck at him.

Every one of them were hidden weapons.

The hidden weapons swept through the air like a rain shower in a stormy gale, completely covering him.

In such a cramped ice room, to avoid this storm of concealed weapons was really something too hard.

But Ye Qingyu had never thought of evading.

He let out a long peal of laughter, taking a step forward. The [Little Shang sword] in his hand transformed into a gale of swords, not retreating but advancing forward instead.

DingDingDingDing!!

There were constant sparks shining in the air.

The torrential rainstorm of concealed weaponry was swept into the storm of swords and was then crushed and destroyed into pieces. Not one single hidden weapon could penetrate within three meters around Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu pressed forward, step by step.

The gaze of the military officer became fiercer and fiercer, struggling like a confined beast.

The unceasing piercing sounds continued. There were constantly all varieties of concealed weapons exploding from his hands, shoulders, waist, chest, knee and feet, all sorts of strange locations, making one unable to guard against it.

But no matter what the weapon, it could not pose as any sort of threat for Ye Qingyu.

Holding the [Little Shang sword], Ye Qingyu was like a warrior holding an umbrella in the turbulent rain. No matter how fierce the rain was, the water could not get near his body.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu was already three meters close from him, the military officer realized that he had already lost the most ideal distance to launch his hidden weapons. His body shimmered, wanting to move away and continue to battle…

Ye Qingyu did not give him the chance.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

The [Storm of Swords], one of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General] was used. The power completely exploded.

Ye Qingyu’s body transformed into a flow of light, one man and one sword moving at great speed. In a moments time, he had completely covered the distance between the figure of the military officer and himself.

The wind of blades passed by.

Then it stopped.

Ye Qingyu halted his intertwined footsteps.

The [Little Shang sword] in his hand was not dyed with a hint of blood, still as clear as water.

Behind him.

The military officer had a sinister expression, his mouth opened wide. His figure was frozen, not able to throw his hidden weapons anymore. There was a strange whimpering emitting from his throat, and in these gurgles, five or six jets of blood spat out. His body fell over like toy building blocks, transforming into six or seven irregular pieces.

Ye Qingyu turned around.

He turned and saw the hacked up corpse by his foot, shocking even he himself.

After being speechless, Demon King Ye had an apologetic expression, “Aiya, I’m sorry, I’m really sorry. My apologies, today is the first time that I used the [Storm of Swords] in real combat and I am not completely familiar with it. I did not think its power would be so great, that it would hack you apart into pieces. I will definitely take notice for next time, and leave you with a whole corpse.”

The door of the ice room.

The head of the guards and the other sentinels had finally arrived. Hearing the commotion, they finally rushed over. Shock was in their expressions as they looked at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu gave them a smile, and attempted to explain himself, “It has nothing to do with me, they wanted to kill me first.”

“This…” The leader and the soldiers still had hearts filled with caution and suspicion.

Ye Qingyu could only say, “When I was in Deer City, I managed to offend some people, therefore they decided to act against me in secret. These four officers, are the assassins that these people have arranged… How about it, if I say it like this, can you guys understand?”

The head and the sentries still had a gaze holding caution as they looked towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu stowed away the [Little Shang sword] back into the dantian world in the Spirit spring to nourish, and helplessly rubbed his jaw. To add to his persuasive power, he took out the brass heroic medal, placing it into his palm and displaying it.

This was Ye Qingyu’s attempt at adding to his trustworthiness.

He did not think that in the instant they saw the military medal, all the suspicions contained in the eyes of the sentries completely vanished. It was replaced by a hard to describe admiration and worship. Their bodies even started quivering. The head of the sentries was especially moved, emotions in his eyes.

“Youyan Pass [Return Point Camp] sixteen-year-old veteran, head of the fifty fifth sentry post Yan Fan, pays respect to his superior!”

“We pay respect to our superior!”

“We pay respect to our superior!”

The head and the sentinels bent their bodies, doing the most standard imperial military salute.

Ye Qingyu was taken back.

He did not know whether it was a mistaken sensation, but in this instant he suddenly saw in the normal bodies of the old veterans, a radiance that even experts like Wang Jianru and the others did not possess. A feeling that was hard to describe using language completely enveloped Ye Qingyu in this moment. Ye Qingyu’s impression of the old veterans greatly rose.

Ye Qingyu returned the military salute.

It was the first military salute in his life.

His movements were somewhat stiff, but it was very correct.

Evidently, the medal that Ye Qingyu thought the greatest use was to threaten the nobles had caused the suspicions of the sentinels to completely extinguish. The military medal had a nearly holy power, a power that was akin to religion. The moment they saw this military badge, they chose to trust Ye Qingyu without any reservations.

To exaggerate even more, with this military medal in his hand, even if the real killer was Ye Qingyu, the others would still determinedly stand on Ye Qingyu’s side.

Ye Qingyu felt that he had previously underestimated the power of this military medal.

“Sir, let us take care of the corpses…” Yan Fan already began to consider matters from Ye Qingyu’s perspective.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

Yan Fan and the others began to clean the ice room.

This head of the soldiers personally inspected the four corpses of the military officers in detail, doing a detailed record for future investigation. On the record, he signed his name personally demonstrating that he was willing to be a witness in the future, and asked for Ye Qingyu’s further opinion.

“Can the formation start conveying now?” Ye Qingyu was still concerned about this matter.

The head shook his head, shame on his face.

“Try it again more, I’m not in that much of a hurry…” Ye Qingyu said, “You don’t need to have that much pressure…”

Before he had finished.

Boom!

A terrifying energy struck against the formation on the outer wall of this watch post. Nearly in a split second, it destroyed and annihilated the formation that was enough to receive the full power strike of someone at the twenty Spirit springs stage.

The icy rocks around the sentry post was completely broken apart.

Within the ice room, the earth began trembling and quaking.

“Just what is happening?” Ye Qingyu said blankly.

“Ambush! An enemy is attacking! Quickly send out the signal of attack!” The expression of the head and the sentries, instantly became serious.

*Truth comes to light

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

