Chapter 1273:


Chapter 1287 - Disbelief

The power of light zoomed madly around the Sky Emperor's body.

"How... could you fake your own death? You..." the Sky Emperor stuttered in shock as he cut off his own finger and frantically retreated.

The Divine Light Emperor continued to sit cross-legged on the spot. He didn't respond but merely pointed out with his finger once again.

"I refuse to admit... that I could be weaker than you in your prime," the Sky Emperor yelled angrily. He exerted his ghostly technique and blue ghostly energy flickered as it circulated frantically around his body. His strength surged rapidly before it suddenly slowed down significantly. This was not only because of the power of light that had invaded his body but also because there seemed to be a problem with his cultivation.

The Divine Light Emperor hit the Sky Emperor with another point of his finger from a distance.

This time, the Divine Light Emperor pointed to the space between the Sky Emperor's eyebrows.

"Ah..." the Sky Emperor yelled.

He felt that his spirit and body were starting to separate from each other. The flaws and weaknesses in his ghostly technique were immediately magnified. He would have easily crushed this unwanted force in the past, but he had not completely wiped out the energy that he had learned from the Divine Light Emperor when he switched to cultivating the ghostly technique. So, after two attacks from the Divine Light Emperor, the power of light that tunneled into his body surged like a violent storm that couldn't be contained.

Almost instantly, the ghostly power and the power of light started to tussle with each other within his body.

"The Ancient Ghostly Emperor, that bastard..." this thought flashed past the Sky Emperor's mind as he realized that there were flaws to the ghostly techniques that the Ancient Ghostly Emperor had imparted unto him. Even the techniques recorded in the Ancient Ghostly Emperor's memories were not complete and had deficiencies. Was this deliberate plot laid out by the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, or could the Ancient Ghostly Emperor also be a victim himself?

His body subconsciously reacted even before he shook himself out of his reverie.

The dark blue ghostly power took control of his spirit and ejected his spirit from his body while his original cultivation and the two streaks of power that shot out of the Divine Light Emperor's finger had taken control of his body.

"I'll be back!" the Sky Emperor exclaimed. He knew that he could not afford to continue battling the Divine Light Emperor and immediately turned into a ray of dark blue light as he fled from the small world.

He had ruthlessly chosen to abandon his own body.

"Your Highness!"

"I'm glad you're unharmed, Your Highness."

The six divine generals and the spirit monkey battle pet, Sun Wukong, were overcome with happiness when they saw this. They didn't think that the Divine Light Emperor had merely been faking his death to lure the Sky Emperor to this small world. He had even managed to separate the Sky Emperor's soul from his body with a single attack. It was a pity that he failed to kill the Sky Emperor.

"Don't worry, I'm fine," the Divine Light Emperor said with a smile as he slowly rose to his feet.

The six divine generals and Sun Wukong were so overcome with joy that tears filled their eyes.

"I'm going to destroy that traitor's body so that he'll never be able to have a physical body again..." Sun Wukong swore ferociously. It raised its magical staff and was about to destroy the Sky Emperor's body when the Divine Light Emperor raised his hand to stop him.

"Wait a minute," he said, "don't act so rashly. This body has the attribute of the light element. I have great use for it..." He suddenly sensed something and laughed as he pointed out with his third finger. A sword of light then shot out from his finger and charged at the void above him. "I knew you would come back to secretly spy on me. Now that you're here, don't go. You should just remain here," he said.

After his sword of light charged out from his finger, sword will exploded all across the entire small world and the power of light surged like an unparalleled killing formation.

"Oh no, I've been tricked," the Sky Emperor thought in shock.

He immediately noticed that something was amiss earlier after he fled and speculated that the Divine Light Emperor might have used the last of his strength to scare him off and suspected that the Divine Light Emperor was on the brink of death. Otherwise, he would not have remained in hiding for more than three hundred years. That wasn't how the Divine Light Emperor operated. That was why he decided to throw caution to the wind and turn back to spy on the Divine Light Emperor.

He was surprised to be discovered so quickly after he turned back.

The energy waves of the small world vaguely seemed to bear a resemblance to the energy released by the Divine Light Emperor in his prime. The Sky Emperor no longer doubted the Divine Light Emperor's strength and he was completely overcome with terror. He immediately burnt through his ghostly power, turned into a blue flame, and hundreds of doppelgangers appeared from his spirit. Then, these hundreds of doppelgangers fled in all directions along with his spirit.

The Sky Emperor fled from the small world.

He was extremely terrified and fled as fast as he could. He no longer dared to hang around the small world.

The six divine generals and Sun Wukong finally figured out what had happened earlier.

"What a pity. We should have killed that heartless traitor while he was here." The spirit monkey battle pet, Sun Wukong, was overcome with regret.

At that moment——

"Puff!"

Blood gushed out of the Divine Light Emperor's mouth and he toppled backwards.

"Your Highness!"

"Your Highness, are you all right?"

The six divine generals and Sun Wukong were extremely stunned and they all looked very flustered. Sun Wukong immediately helped the Divine Light Emperor up.

The Divine Light Emperor's appearance had changed significantly. His black hair had instantly turned silvery white and countless cracks appeared all over his body, which made him look like cracked porcelain; he was a frightening sight to behold. His aura rapidly scattered like sand in the wind while the energy waves in the small world rapidly dimmed.

"Don't worry," the Divine Light Emperor said as he sat down.

Everyone else stared at him in concern.

The Divine Light Emperor panted heavily and his body had changed so suddenly that he instantly looked like a wizened old man on the brink of death, looking nothing like the supreme Emperor who had scared off the Sky Emperor in three attacks moments earlier.

Ye Qingyu was extremely shocked as he watched the rapid changes ravaging the Divine Light Emperor's body.

He realized that although the Divine Light Emperor seemed to have effortlessly defeated the Sky Emperor earlier, these attacks had probably exhausted the last of his strength.

The Divine Light Emperor panted several times and took a rest. He looked at the six divine generals and Sun Wukong and gave them an explanation of what had happened to him. Just as Ye Qingyu had guessed, he had been critically injured after the battle with the Abandoned Fiendgod and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, especially after he employed his secret technique at the end. This had enabled him to instantly defeat his enemy, rescue the six divine generals, and create this small world, but this had taken a huge toll on his body. He was practically teetering on the verge of death and he would find it hard to return to his peak strength even in thirty thousand years, let alone three hundred years.

His injuries were so serious that he wouldn't be able to recover from his injuries no matter how much time had passed.

It was impossible for him to recover from his injuries.

He had not been completely conscious during his death-like state over the past three hundred years, but his mind had still been extremely sharp.

He had been conserving and gathering his strength, but whatever strength he had managed to summon was just enough for three attacks.

That was why he had faked his death to lure the Sky Emperor to this small world. After he had sent out his final [Sword of Divine Light] and filled the entire world with killing intent, this had only been an outward show of strength. If the Sky Emperor had not been so scared out of his wits, he would have probably discovered the flaws in the Divine Light Emperor's attack.

The Divine Light Emperor only felt a slight twinge of regret that he failed to kill the Sky Emperor.

"Now that his spirit has been ejected from his body, his strength would have definitely plummeted... He won't be... cough cough... able to stir up much trouble in the next ten thousand years..." The Divine Light Emperor sounded extremely weak and coughed continuously like a wizened old man. He looked nothing like the peerless Divine Light Emperor who had once ruled over the world.

The six generals and the spirit monkey got so upset that tears streamed down their faces.

These experts were not completely devoid of emotions, but there was no longer anything or anyone in this world that could cause them to burst into tears. However, when these six divine generals saw how weak the person who had painstakingly groomed and guided them like a father was, they were overcome with grief.

"There's no need to mourn my death. Everyone will die one day, and since I'm not able to transcend reincarnation, my time will come one day. Listen well to what I have to say next..." The Divine Light Emperor seemed to have regained some energy and his words tumbled out of his lips easily as he started to issue his final set of instructions.

Ye Qingyu didn't know what to feel as he watched this scene.

He saw the Sky Emperor's spirit flee in terror, but since he could still peer into these memories, he realized that these memories were part of Lan Tian's body. The Sky Emperor's body was currently an empty shell that remained in this small world and although Lan Tian's consciousness had yet to develop, these memories were still ingrained in his body.

"After I die, the destiny of this world will scatter. Fortunately, the Ancient Ghostly Emperor, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, and the other fiendgods from the alternate timeline have been killed and will no longer be able to absorb this energy. The Sky Emperor has lost his body and this has led to his foundation being deficient, so he won't have much of a chance to absorb this destiny. The Heavenly Dao is vast and boundless and there are limits to reincarnation. Thus, I'm sure that a new Destined One will emerge one day. This person will be able to absorb the destiny of the universe and his power will be limitless. This world will reemerge under his leadership and reach greater heights... Your mission is to go into hiding and ensure the rise of the Destined One when the time is right. My inner demons had led to the collapse of this world and because you were my followers, some of my destiny has rubbed off you and taken root within you. Although the future Destined One will possess the destiny of the universe, he might also have countless followers, so you must take charge of your own destinies..." the Divine Light Emperor said in one breath.

Several things started to make sense to Ye Qingyu.

However, he was so shocked by what happened next that he almost jumped in fright. Although he had seen all sorts of horrific events through Lan Tian's memories, nothing shocked him as much as what he saw next.

That was because the Divine Light Emperor chose to Dao-dissolve and directed the power of light within himself and the small world into the bodies of the six divine generals, and this caused their appearance and aura to change. The divine general with the fiery spear suddenly looked exactly like Gao Diping, while the divine general with the bloodied axes looked exactly like Wen Wan. Another divine general turned round and chubby, like the chubby Wang Lijin. The appearance of the martial artist in the shadows also changed.

Ye Qingyu was extremely stunned by what the appearance of the remaining two generals because they turned into a man and a woman respectively.

Ye Qingyu knew this couple extremely well.

He would have never expected to see them in this place.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1274:


Chapter 1288 Return to the Real World

The man's expression was resolute, and he had a burly figure. The woman, on the other hand, looked gentle and beautiful. They were a handsome and exceptional couple.

However, what really shocked Ye Qingyu was not their character or appearance. After all, he ruled the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm now; he had seen all sorts of characters. The two were not the only exceptional people he had encountered.

What really surprised him was that their looks were part of an indelible memory in his mind.

They looked exactly like his parents from his previous memories.

"How could this be?" Ye Qingyu could not help but exclaim.

Countless thoughts flashed in his mind in an instant.

"Countless living beings, anti-heroes and characters who have dictated the fates of their epochs have seeked to break free from reincarnation, but they didn't understand the benefits of the cycle... only after having undergone hundreds and thousands of reincarnations will one understand the true meaning of life and reincarnation," said the Divine Light Emperor in a weak but extremely clear voice. "Today, I'm sending all of you to be reincarnated, to experience true Heavenly Dao... look for the next Destined One within the endless cycle of reincarnation and complete your tasks."

He pointed again with a finger after finishing his speech.

The power of the entire small World of Light trembled. A seemingly invisible power concentrated on his finger.

A flower of light with seven petals was glowing on the Divine Light Emperor's fingertip.

A petal fell off from the flower and stuck itself onto the center of Ying Zizhong's eyebrows.

Tens of thousands of flames burst forth from the petal and enveloped Ying Zizhong's body. Eventually, he transformed into a ray silver flowing light with a reluctant shout and melded into the void, vanishing from sight.

"You’re Majesty, this..." the Divine Flaming Lance General asked in surprise.

"I'm sending all of you back to be reincarnated and reborn, so that you can re-learn the martial way... all of you have been tainted by my karma due to being by my side. If you don't cleanse yourselves, it'll be hard for all of you to attain a Great Dao in the future. Furthermore, I don't know how many tens of thousands of years more it'll take for the Destined One to be born. You won't be able to live to see that day without undergoing reincarnation!"

He pointed again as he spoke.

Another petal fell off from the flower of light and eventually landed between the Divine Flaming Lance General's brows.

He did not make any attempt to evade the petal.

Eventually, he was engulfed by flames from the petal's light like Ying Zizhong, transforming into a ray of blinding light before vanishing into the void. He was thus also sent toward reincarnation.

After that, a few other divine generals, including the fatty Wang Li and the person with the gold face, also experienced the ritual.

The couple that looked similar to Ye Qingyu's parents in his memories were also enveloped by the flames from the light flower petals. They too transformed into silver light, entering the cycle of reincarnation.

The battle pet, the divine monkey Sun Wukong, was also sent on his way.

"Your entire past will be erased once you enter Reincarnation. You'll only be able to find your true heart by maintaining a shred of True Divinity in you," the Divine Light Emperor gave the first creature he saw upon arriving on this world his last piece of advice. It used to be an ordinary monkey that underwent a complete transformation because of the opportunities and trials it experienced just by being alongside the Emperor. This caused it to become the strongest demonic entity of its time; the Emperor named it Sun Wukong to remind him of his past before he traveled to this world. The fact that his heart had been weighed down with so many problems all those years had something to do with this monkey as well.

The monkey was incredibly mournful and beat its chest as it shouted, "My name is Sun Wukong, I'll never forget that... I can't forget."

It agreed to be reincarnated to fulfill its responsibility and its master's wish. However, it absolutely did not want to forget its origin and its master.

Only the Divine Blood Ax General was left.

"Your Majesty, I don't wish to be reincarnated nor assist anyone else. I also don't wish to break free from the cycle of eternity; greater powers mean nothing to me. Please allow me to remain behind, your Majesty, to protect you," the Divine Blood Ax General exclaimed. He sounded as if he was weeping and confessing his innermost thoughts at the same time.

He was an orphan that was rescued and brought up by the Divine Light Emperor. The Emperor gave him his life and taught him martial arts, allowing him to achieve all his accomplishments. He had long thought of the Divine Light Emperor as his own father and could not bear to leave him behind, especially at his current condition. If the Emperor really succumbed after all of them left, no one would be able to make arrangements to see that his death was properly handled. He was a tool of Divine Light that was able to dominate the world, and his corpse couldn't be left there unattended.

His heart was torn.

The Divine Light Emperor looked at the Divine Blood Ax General as he heard him speak. He smiled and told him, "Everything comes to an end in this world. Silly child, you have to be reincarnated to understand the true meaning behind your existence... go."

The last petal from the flower of light fell in between the brows of the Divine Blood Ax General.

"Your Majesty..." Tears of blood flowed from the Divine Blood Ax General's eyes as he exclaimed.

Eventually, the flames of light engulfed him.

The Divine Light Emperor's expression looked extremely lonely as he watched the Divine Blood Ax General's figure disappear bit by bit, as if he suddenly thought about something. "I've finally sent all of them away, and I'm the only one left on this world... now that I'm all alone, I really wish I could have a bowl of lamian from Lanzhou again... come to think of it, how many years has it been since I've tasted the noodles from my hometown...?"

He knew that the troubles and obsessions in his heart had been released after making that statement; he was no longer actively suppressing his emotions.

At this moment, the Divine Blood Ax Generals' last lingering shred of consciousness heard the Divine Light Emperor's last words as well.

"Noodles..." the General committed the words to his memory. That last bit of consciousness made him feel resolute. He could not forget the Emperor's last words, even if he had to be reincarnated for multiple lifetimes. He would absolutely not.

At the same time, the small World of Light was rapidly shrinking. Right then, it only covered an area of about one thousand square meters.

The Divine Light Emperor's gaze fell on the Sky Emperor's body.

He stared at it in silence, his inner thoughts unfathomable.

His aura was already extremely weak at that time, as if it were a flickering candle flame in a strong gust of wind, one that could be extinguished at any time.

The aura of light within his body was dissipating slowly; it was akin to a dried up sea bed by now.

All of his aura vanished after a moment. There was not a shred of the aura of light left in his body; he had turned into an ordinary old man. His yuan qi, martial aura and life force was similar to a normal person of his age. He had transformed from a mighty Martial Emperor into an ordinary living being.

"I traveled to this world because of the Gold Finger. I chose the Power of Light and could progress incredibly quickly without having to train like normal people. I thought I could give this world endless Light, but I didn't expect that it would be so hard to be a Traveler. Instead, I brought harm upon this world. Did I make a mistake? Will I be allowed to have another shot at this?"

He was muttering to himself.

"Traveler?"

"Gold Finger?"

"What was all that about?"

Ye Qingyu was befuddled. Were these names from the Divine Light Emperor's hometown?

It should be so.

Ye Qingyu clearly knew that the Divine Light Emperor had always been dreaming about his hometown, and the obsession grew bigger. At this moment, he had completely given up all resistance and allowed it to spread. He no longer suppressed his emotions, and his thoughts began to spread like crazy...

Suddenly, the Divine Light Emperor twisted his head and looked in Ye Qingyu's direction.

His gaze was calm and his eyes seemed a little distant. A strange smile appeared on his lips.

Ye Qingyu trembled.

He felt as though his presence had been discovered.

The Divine Light Emperor's gaze had undoubtedly passed through several timelines and dimensions, fixing on him.

Impossible, all of the Dao in his body has been removed, and he lost all of his cultivation. He's now no different from an ordinary person and can't possibly have this kind of ability...
Ye Qingyu thought as his heart beat incredibly fast. An extremely strange feeling emerged; he could actually sense the Divine Light Emperor looking at him, and it was not just a simple glance.

Very quickly, however, the Divine Light Emperor turned his head back.

"One wrong step can result in years of regret, and it can be too late when one wants to repent. Is there still a chance for me to be saved?"

He muttered softly, but his expression was no longer as gloomy as before.

Eventually, his gaze fell on the Sky Emperor's body.

"One can only see real blue skies after the haze has dissipated. From now on, you shall be known as Lan Tian. Haha, you always dreamed of allowing your soul and body to break free from the chains of eternity, but how could you do that if you haven't reincarnated? ...be reincarnated as well. Who knows? You might be able to change fate someday," the Divine Light Emperor smiled as he said.

The entire World of Light began crumbling as he continued smiling.

At last, the Power of Light transformed into flames that engulfed both Lan Tian and the Divine Light Emperor's bodies.

The blazing flames swept over them.

It looked the same as when the Flowers of Light brought the others into the cycle of reincarnation earlier on.

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say and could only watch quietly until the Flames of Light took everything away. The entire World of Light collapsed, and all of the light in front of him dissipated, until eventually, when everything turned dark...

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes slowly.

Bright sunlight poured down from above the courtyard, turning the Light Palace into a divine temple.

Lan Tian looked cheerfully at Ye Qingyu and asked, "Lord Ye Qingyu, did you grasp anything?"

Ye Qingyu massaged his temples and tidied up his thoughts. He knew that he had already left Lan Tian's memories and returned to reality, as the indelible memories stopped once they reached the scene where everyone was reincarnated. What happened next was either not really important or perhaps Lan Tian did not have a good recollection of time.

"Many thanks, I learned a lot," he said, nodding his head.

It was really a good bounty for him.

The most obvious was that Ye Qingyu now understood how the enemies of this world came about, and he knew how terrifying the so-called camp was. He was certain that the "camps" he came to know about from the Vast Thousand Domains were only a small piece of the real ones; even the might of the camp of past Martial Emperors so painstakingly built by the the Sky Emperor was minute compared to that of the King of Destruction.

He had not achieved the amount of influence and level of cultivation as the Divine Light Emperor; being so, the camp of the King of Destruction had not really attempted to harvest his might yet.

He could imagine, however, that the fate awaiting him when he reached such a level of accomplishment would be no different from that of the Divine Light Emperor.

Ye Qingyu was not a boastful person, but he could vaguely sense that the "Destined One" the Divine Light Emperor was talking about was him.

If he had not received all of the luck in the world, his power would not have increased so quickly.

Aside from this benefit, he had also come to understand many ancient secrets of the world that had long been sealed away.

He was still facing many doubts. If the Divine Light Emperor had already lost all his Dao and died, then who was the peerless War God that appeared in the Snow Empire who had inherited the Light Palace and created Light City? Also, why did the two divine generals who had been reincarnated look exactly like his parents?

Now, Ye Qingyu was completely unable to determine his own origin anymore.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1275:


Chapter 1289 The Three Heroes Meet Again

Did the Divine Light Emperor really die in the end?

Ye Qingyu was a little unsure about this, as he thought about the last image he saw.

From a logical point of view, he should have died. After all, he was in such a bad condition at the very last, seeming to be no different from a normal person. The small World of Light had collapsed after that, and under such circumstances. Even a powerful martial arts expert would find it hard to survive; much less a normal old man who had all his cultivation stripped away.

It's a pity that I can't find any trace of Yu Junhan right now, and I don't know where she went. She should have some insider information,
Ye Qingyu thought.

It would be even better if he could find his own biological parents.

Today, as he retraced his thoughts back to that fateful day, he realized that his parents might not have died in the siege. He was afraid that the incident, as well as the movement of their tombs, which sent their caskets into the lake, served a purpose. Ye Qingyu suspected that his parents were not dead, and used such tactics to disappear from public view. Perhaps, like Lan Tian, they were trying to conceal something.

This led him to think about the Clear River Domain and the mysterious fairy he saw at the Underground Moon Immortal Palace. She looked exactly as he remembered his mother to be, and she could very possibly be the founder of the Hundred Flowers Valley. Was there some secret contained within this fact too?

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that he had to go to the Clear River Domain for a visit.

He still did not know the whereabouts of several old friends, like Nan Tieyi for instance.

His mind was swimming with thoughts and he could not go through all of them.

Eventually, Lan Tian and the mysterious tall and skinny expert left the Immortal God Emperor. They could see that Ye Qingyu needed some time to rearrange his thoughts.

Even though Ye Qingyu did not know why the Divine Light Emperor sent the body of the Sky Emperor to be reincarnated, to him, it was obvious that there was a purpose behind his act of not completely destroying the Sky Emperor's hope of restoring his body. At this present age, the relationship between Lan Tian and the Sky Emperor seemed to have been completely broken. Ye Qingyu treated Lan Tian as a completely independent person deep in his heart, not as the body of the Sky Emperor. As such, he did not harbor any thoughts of annihilating Lan Tian.

Lan Tian remained in the Light Palace for the next few days.

He would go strolling in the Imperial City and other places occasionally, while also under the protection of the mysterious stick-like expert. After being pursued by the Sky Emperor for the first time, the mysterious expert increased his level of protection up till the point where he seldom left Lan Tian's side. He would remain beside Lan Tian even when he went to the red light district with Li Changkong, Ximen Yeshui and the others to party. He took his duty extremely seriously.

It was the dream and envy of many people; even big factions would desire to be protected by an expert of past-Military Emperor-level, but it was extremely frustrating for Lan Tian. He felt that such a lifestyle was even more suffocating when being locked in the Reflection Yard during his time at White Deer Academy.

Ye Qingyu had once asked the mysterious expert about his origin. According to the man, he was a Martial Emperor in the era after the Divine Light Emperor and the leader of a sect known as the Heavenly Support Sect. He had once received grace from the Divine Light Emperor and swore to repay him. Afterward, he was tasked by his benefactor to protect Lan Tian. As time passed, the Heavenly Support Sect was lost to the sands of time and ceased to be remembered, but he still faithfully kept to his promise and secretly protected Lan Tian.

To be honest, Ye Qingyu could tell the difference between truth and lies with one look at his current level of cultivation. As such, he did not doubt the mysterious expert's words or origin, but there was something that did not quite fit—if the Divine Light Emperor was completely destroyed in Lan Tian's memories, how could he possibly have found this person in the future? A person who had died could not reappear, unless...

... Unless the Divine Light Emperor did not die.

Ye Qingyu kept thinking about this matter repeatedly over the next dozens of days, and it made his head ache.

Luckily, news came from the Dark Realm afterward, stating that everything there was peaceful for the moment, and that there was no abnormal activity spotted. Song Xiaojun had brought Li Ying, Li Qi, Jin Ling'er and the other youths back to the Unmoving City of Darkness. Under the cooperation of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and [The Beginning], the Dark Realm was undergoing a transformation and structural change in accordance with the policies that had been discussed and agreed with Ye Qingyu.

In this way, Ye Qingyu could really afford to remain behind in the Vast Thousand Domains for a while longer.

He found the previous Snow Emperor of the Snow Empire from yester year, and talked freely with him about past stories of the peerless God of War from his era. He also read some ancient texts about the imperial family of the Snow Empire; he wanted to find out more about what this God of War had done and descriptions of him, to find some leads from the texts and determine if this person was the same man as the Divine Light Emperor. It was inevitable that Ye Qingyu would think like this. After all, Wen Wan, Gao Diping, Ying Zizhong, Wang Lijin and the rest of the Six Divine Generals had once served the peerless God of War; this was no coincidence.

There could only be two explanations for this.

The first was that the peerless God of War was the Divine Light Emperor reincarnate.

The second was that the God of War was the Destined One that received all of the luck in the world in the later era, the one that the Divine Light Emperor spoke about with his last breath.

There was something slightly illogical about the second theory. It was that the peerless War God had disappeared for some unknown reason after climbing to the top of the Heaven Wasteland Domain. He did not even prove his ability outside of the domain, and even though he was somewhat supported by Wen Wan and the other divine generals, there was still some critical piece lacking in the theory. To a certain degree, the trajectory of the Destined One's life could not be so low key.

After not gleaning much from the imperial family of the Snow Empire, Ye Qingyu decided to head to Deer City.

All of the doubts he had about himself began from this place.

...

Ye Qingyu appeared in Deer City one day later.

After experiencing the destructive attack of the horde of beasts, Deer City had nearly been completely leveled and turned into a wasteland. Various types of architecture, divine temples and sculptures that had been created over the past centuries were turned into rubble, and countless numbers of innocent victims and martial arts experts who had been killed by ferocious beasts were buried underneath. The entire place looked like a battlefield for Asuras.

After the ordeal, the native residents of Deer City as well as the living beings that had resided there for a long while were nearly decimated. Only a few people managed to escape due to good luck.

The empire had already issued all sorts of edicts and took various measures to rebuild Deer City. After all, this was the place Ye Qingyu rose from, and much emphasis was placed on rebuilding White Deer Academy. When the tragedy happened, a few elite students and outstanding instructors managed to escape with the effort of Hon Kong, the Headmaster, and Qin Ying, the City Lord. The survivors forcibly controlled their grief and were most intent on rebuilding the academy. They swore to create a new sacred academy on the destroyed wasteland.

News of Ye Qingyu's arrival was not concealed. It caused much commotion after it spread.

At this time, the rebuilding process of both city and academy was progressing unimpeded.

Ye Qingyu met his old classmate, Qin Wushuang, at the ruins of the City Lord's residence.

The nobleman's son, who once competed with Ye Qingyu for the title of number one genius among the White Deer Academy freshmen, had long lost his inexperience and rashness. He had become mature and military-like, less outspoken after going through the pain of seeing his family being destroyed. Both of them remained silent noticing each other, and eventually Qin Wushuang cupped his fists as a sign of respect. His eyes were filled with complicated feelings.

Qin Wushuang knew that even though he had looked down on Ye Qingyu once, he did not even have the right to look at him now.

However, after experiencing such a drastic turn in life, his heart was now free. He no longer thought about catching up and surpassing Ye Qingyu, but began instead to give real thought to enjoying life. He already understood that not everyone in the world could soar to such great heights, and not everyone could bask in the limelight. Some were destined to rule, while others were fated to crawl along. It was not important to chase after or surpass anyone; all one had to do was to reach one's peak.

Now, rebuilding the Qin Family was Qin Wushuang's greatest dream.

Not only would it be as glorious as before, he wanted the new Qin Family to reach greater heights.

"Classmate Qin Wushuang, we meet again," Ye Qingyu said, secretly sighing as well.

Eventually, he walked with Qin Wushuang to the tomb of the late City Lord, Qin Ying, where he fought to the death, to pay their respects.

However, he did not expect to see another figure at the Tomb of Valor.

The person had a head of black hair and carried a demonic sword on his back. His figure was thin and tall, and his aura was strong. Who else could it be but Yan Xingtian?

Ye Qingyu already knew from Hon Kong and the others that Yan Xingtian had not died after going missing. He managed to achieve the Emperor level of cultivation by fate, and this made Ye Qingyu secretly happy. After all, Yan Xingtian used to be one of the rare talents in White Deer Academy and came from a poor and humble family. He possessed an iron will and was extremely outstanding. Once, people named Qin Wushuang, Ye Qingyu and Yan Xingtian as the three talents of their era. It was many years ago, and now all three of them were in the destroyed Deer City together.

"It's him," Ye Qingyu managed to determine the origin of Yan Xingtian's martial cultivation the moment he laid eyes on him.

He was the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect in the Clear River Domain. The sect used to be extremely secretive, and its master was so powerful that it was hard for outsiders to determine his true strength. Ye Qingyu had seen disciples of the sect that kept their true identities hidden. He had not expected that the foundation of the sect was so solid that it could nurture a person of Emperor level strength in the current era.

However, Yan Xingtian had most likely become Emperor in the Dark Realm. This was because the Taoist magic in the Vast Thousand Domains was incomplete and the only opportunity had been obtained by Shui Xiu. As such, Yan Xingtian could not have become Emperor while he was in the Vast Thousand Domains.

"Great Emperor Ye Qingyu!"

Yan Xingtian said as he bowed slightly. Even though he was prideful, he had to pay respects to the Immortal God Emperor, whose might made the people of the Dark Realm tremble.

Qin Wushuang was feeling calm. The other two of the "Three Talents" were already standing at the pinnacle of the martial way, and he, who came from the noblest background, was far behind them. He had been enlightened, however, and did not bother much about such matters anymore. He was feeling undisturbed.

All three looked at each other and eventually grinned.

The grudges they used to have as fellow students had disappeared, and Yan Xingtian, who used to look gloomy, seemed to have brightened up a little with time.

Eventually, all of them bowed, and kneeled before the Tomb of Valor to show their respects.

That disaster had turned many of their common acquaintances into ash. Their past was gone with the wind, and perhaps it signified the end of an era.

Lead Instructor Hon Kong suddenly walked up to them as they finished paying their respects. He had a strange look on his face as he said, "It's really incredible to have found a secret imperial palace underneath the rubble of our White Deer Academy. No one realized that we were sitting right above it in the past, and I'm afraid a great secret is hidden within..."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1276:


Chapter 1290 Suspected Ancestral Ground

'Imperial palace?'

Ye Qingyu was greatly surprised to hear that.

Both Yan Xingtian and Qin Wushuang wore looks of surprise as well.

Anything that had something to do with an Emperor was incredibly mysterious. White Deer Academy was the place that inaugurated their martial arts journey, and all three of them were extremely familiar with it. They never realized that an imperial palace laid beneath the academy; it came as an even greater surprise for Ye Qingyu and Yan Xingtian. Both of them came back to the academy after making great progress in martial arts, but neither of them so much as sensed its presence. This was a little strange. Logically speaking, if there was an imperial palace beneath the school, any amount of energy waves would not be able to escape their senses.

They went to take a look.

All three of them followed Lead Instructor Hon Kong and went to the Academy's ruins.

This district had already been quarantined by the elite troops of the empire.

"According to the plan drawn up by the army of the empire and the White Deer Academy's disciples, a huge academy block was supposed to be built here. After the foundations were opened and a hole of about ten meters deep was dug out, a stone door was suddenly discovered. A kilometer long tunnel was behind the door, followed by another stone door, but no one was able to open it because of some restrictive magic. Ancient words from the time where gods and demons roamed the world were carved on it," Hon Kong pointed to a deep pit of a few square meters wide and explained as they walked. "A script instructor from the academy translated it into the word 'Ye'. I tried to break through the restrictive barrier myself but realized that it was terribly powerful and had to be broken by someone who was at least as powerful as a Martial Emperor. Furthermore, it has to be one that is extremely well versed in formation magic..."

'Ye?'

Ye Qingyu's heart trembled.

He had a premonition that he could not explain.

The three of them walked into the mud pit in accordance to Hon Kong's briefing.

This was the place where the pond beside the parade square stood..." Qin Wushuang was shocked.

Both Ye Qingyu and Yan Xingtian nodded. He was right; the pond used to be right there. In the past, students would cool down by the pond after their training. It was filled with lotus flowers and carp, and it gave them lasting memories. They were great memories that every student of their generation shared, and none of them ever thought that such a place could exist under the beautiful pond.

Very soon, as they walked into the freshly dug up earth, they arrived at the stone door Hon Kong had told them about.

The door was made of simple, ordinary rocks and it sank into the soil in a slanted fashion. Its panel was also made with simple rock that somehow looked snow white even after being buried under that soil. It was exquisitely structured, about six meters high and two meters wide. A sloping stairway appeared as the panel was opened.

Elite soldiers and warriors of the empire were guarding the door; they revealed looks of admiration as they saw Ye Qingyu and the others walk over.

Ye Qingyu nodded at them before walking down the stairway under Hon Kong's guidance.

A wide passageway stood behind the stone door.

The walls of the passageway were made of the same exquisite material as the stone door. The white rocks looked similar to white jade marble and bore no carvings nor inscriptions. They gave off no energy signatures, as if the place was just an ordinary person's tomb. After walking down the stairway for about one kilometer, another stone door appeared in front of them.

It was almost entirely similar in structure to the previous stone door.

The only difference was that both doors were tightly shut, giving it the appearance of a huge white sheet of paper. A gigantic ancient word was carved on it; it looked as though it had been inscribed by weapons. Looking at it gave one the feeling that weapons were hurtling toward you, and it made one's soul tremble. Upon closer examination, it was noticeable that it did not give off any energy signature; as if it were just a plain looking ancient word on a simple stone door.

"It really means Ye!"

Ye Qingyu was well versed in the script from the Fiendgod Age. He could tell from a glance that the word was his family name.

How could this word appear here? What's behind the door?

Ye Qingyu looked at the other three. Aside from Hon Kong, Yan Xingtian and Qin Wushuang looked extremely shocked as well.

People with different levels of cultivation sensed the word's aura differently. Qin Wushuang was more taken aback by the presence of an imperial palace, while Yan Xingtian's surprise was evidently similar to Ye Qingyu's; he was shaken by the fleeting visual impact of the ancient word.

"This place has been marked as an imperial palace, because I've failed to break through it even with Emperor qi. I could sense that this ancient character would release restrictive energy when any form of power is applied to the door. I believe we didn't notice the presence of this palace because it remained dormant without any form of energy being applied to it. We couldn't have discovered its existence even with divine sense," Hon Kong said as he pointed at the "Ye" character.

That was his analysis.

Yan Xingtian took a few steps forward and lifted his hand slowly to press on the stone door. "Let me try," he said.

An immense sword energy surged out from the center of his palm, as if he wanted to pierce through the stone door.

His power was already on par with a Martial Emperor of the current era; it could be considered as having reached the pinnacle of the martial way; nobody could withstand the might of a Martial Emperor.

Very soon, however, Yan Xingtian's expression changed.

As he gradually increased the amount of power he released, the stone door began to react. The previously dormant "Ye" character suddenly glowed, and each stroke of the inscription seemed to have come alive. An immense power that seemed to originate from nature and space itself ignited, generating a huge force which rebounded against him. Yan Xingtian exclaimed softly as his body was knocked backward by dozens of steps before he managed to stop.

The huge inscription reverted back to its dormant form again and did not give out any further energy waves.

Yan Xingtian was completely shocked.

Even though he was not injured, he could feel at that instant an immense, unfathomable amount of energy being emitted from the stone wall, and it was even greater than that of Emperor qi. He felt that it was extremely shocking to be unable to deduce how powerful the energy wave was, at his current level of cultivation.

Hon Kong looked undisturbed.

This was because he had experienced the same thing before.

Ye Qingyu took a deep breath.

He took one step forward and extended his arm, pressing his palm against the stone door.

The "Ye" word carved on the stone door began to glow as he activated his Emperor qi slightly, just like Yan Xingtian did earlier on. An immense wave of energy surged out and knocked Ye Qingyu's palm away. The huge difference was that even though both of them were at Emperor level, Yan Xingtian was knocked back by dozens of steps when Ye Qingyu merely had his palm knocked away from the door.

Yan Xingtian and Hon Kong immediately noticed this.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu caught hold of another piece of information.

He instantly deduced that it was impossible to open the stone door with brute force alone, and that he had to find the right method to do so. This was because the ancient carving bore an extremely profound meaning; the greatest Dao was often contained within the simplest things, and the greatest magical mysteries were hidden in that character.

"No way, even you can't open it?" Hon Kong asked in surprise.

"Even I can't do everything on my own... however, I think I have discovered a way," Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

Ye Qingyu placed his palm against the stone door again, but this time, he did not apply any force on it. He merely traced it against the grooves of the inscription repeatedly, as if he was about to make a copy of it. He did this again and again at varying speeds. Soon, everyone lost count of the number of times he traced his palm over the word.

At first, Yan Xingtian and Hon Kong felt that his actions were strange, but gradually they realized that the huge "Ye" character was transforming. It began to smooth out, and eventually all traces of the inscription seemed to have been erased by Ye Qingyu. Gradually, it was wiped off from the stone door, disappearing completely after fifteen minutes.

Ye Qingyu pushed the door again.

The stone door gradually opened.

It was opened!

A breeze of cold air blew out from within, bringing with it a faint earthy smell.

There was an eerie feeling that emanated from behind the door, as if a million-year-old tomb was hidden within.

Ye Qingyu pushed the door open and walked in.

Hon Kong, Yan Xingtian and Qin Wushuang looked at each other in surprise and eventually followed suit.

There was another passageway behind that stone door, but various kinds of murals were carved on the walls of the kilometer-long tunnel. Shrines were placed within crooks of the walls, and the steps beneath their feet were made of rare, top quality white jade that could be made into Sacred or Emperor weapons. The contents of the murals varied, and from the first one closest to the entrance, they seemed to be depicting the glory of a family in its prime.

A Ye Family stone table was placed at regular intervals along the passageway.

The word was entirely similar to that on the stone door, obviously the work of the same person.

The four entered a large hall after passing through the tunnel.

It looked extravagant and was littered with all sorts of exotic treasures that would cause even martial Saints to be envious. Divine-level origin crystals were piled up in small heaps, and various sacred armors inscribed with formations and weapons could be seen, even though some of them had lost their yuuan qi signatures. Some of them still gave off powerful auras that surprised Ye Qingyu and company; basically, all of them were at least Quasi-emperor level weapons.

The great hall itself was constructed from various divine gold and sacred materials. Engravings of gold, pillars of divine jade... treasures like these were scattered all over the floor, giving the place a shockingly dreamy aura.

There was another passageway after the first great hall.

After this grand looking tunnel, there was yet another great hall.

They felt as though they had entered an underground palace.

Ye Qingyu's expression changed suddenly as he entered the second great hall.

This was because he sensed that the bronze military medal his father left to him was beginning to warm up, as if it were reacting to something... this made him realize that the "Ye" character carved on the stone door and tablets really had something to do with his own family.

Could this be my ancestral tomb?

The thought appeared in Ye Qingyu's mind.

What sort of secret is hidden here?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

