Chapter 613:


Chapter 631, Those people, those matters



Not far away.



A youngster in black was practicing martial arts.



The youngster exuded a heroic spirit, his facial features were handsome, and he looked around seven or eight years old, but was a little taller than his peers. His black hair was fluttering and he radiated an extremely extraordinary aura. As the mist moved in, he issued a low roar and immediately two ink-like shadows appeared in front and behind him, like shadows of his thoughts and knowledge. It looked very strange.

The youngster crossed his palms over his chest and his fingers were like blades.



Two sharp yuan qi blades sparkled a cold light, stretching out from the palm of his hands.



“Shadow Stream... Cross Kill!” he bellowed, fiercely thrusting out his crossed hands. A cross-shaped giant ink dart spliced the void, like a demon flickering in the air. Where it passed, the void was left with faint ink-black markings. At first glance, it was like a space-time crack, extremely strange.



At the same time, the figure of the youngster was unexpectedly flashing incessantly between the two ink-coloured shadows, like an illusion. It was extremely bizarre. Even an expert of the Bitter Sea stage would most likely fail to distinguish his true body there!



When his figure changed for the 101
th
time, the two ink-colored shadows finally gradually dissipated.



“Ah, the duration was not quite one hour. According to Master, the shadow should be an eternal existence and can wound the enemy with one thought. But my comprehension, it seems... sigh, nearly there!”

As the two ink-coloured shadows vanished, the youngster in black re-appeared not far away.



The youngster sighed heavily.



The youngster gently lifted his head, revealing his handsome and stubborn face, and his eyes contained a rare sharpness for someone of his age while the pupils of his eyes were pitch black and shining.



It was namely Ye Qingyu’s disciple, Jin Ling'er!

Jin Ling'er’s stature was taller than he was more than half a year ago. His originally slightly pale complexion was suffused with a healthy glow. His face still had a trace of childish nature, but his eyes were added with the wisdom that only grown adults had.



“When will Master come back, my cultivation seems to be at the bottleneck, there are some places I still don’t understand... Sigh, I'll try it again!” Jin Ling'er looked at the sky, remembering the figure that he most worshipped and respected. But if his Master were really back and saw that he had not made much progress in cultivation, then it would be embarrassing. He scratched his head with a troubled look and continued to practice the [Flowing Shadow Kill] cultivation technique.



Upon careful observation, one would notice that Jin Ling'er had almost reached the Bitter Sea boundary!



For someone his age, who was less than ten years old this year, to possess such a level of cultivation would most likely cause quite a commotion in Heaven Wasteland Domain.



Even the so called-descendants secretly trained by the large scale sects such as the Three Sects and Three Schools would not reached this level. But in these years, Jin Ling'er was always in Light City and had never traveled around Jianghu, so even the imperial guards outside of Light City did not know of his existence. So in reality, he had not really attracted the attention of anyone.



Of course, for Jin Ling'er to reach such a cultivation level at this age, in addition to his rare martial arts talent, Ye Qingyu's guidance also played a huge part. On the one hand, it was because of the [Flowing Shadow Kill] technique, an ancient Fiendgod technique that was obtained from the ancient bronze book——In fact, every cultivation technique in the ancient bronze book, whether it was the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] or the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General], once cultivated to a high level, can allow one to reach the Immortal Step boundary. But Ye Qingyu had always been focused on the nameless breathing technique and the other techniques only supplemented his cultivation. He had not specialized in the cultivation techniques in the ancient bronze book so he did not obtain those powers. While Jin Ling'er was given the cultivation technique that matched with his constitution. Adding to the fact that he had been training in the woods of fire trees, which was close to Light City, where the spiritual energy of the sky and earth and the law of powers were incomparably clear and distinct, so his cultivation could be said to be progressing at one thousand miles per day.



On the other side of the woods of fire trees.



A burly figure holding a straw broom in his hands was unhurriedly sweeping the fire leaves scattered across the ground.

His facial features were sharp and angular, looking only around twenty years old, with big eyes, thick brows, and a wide nose and mouth. Only his eyes showed a trace that did not belong to that of a young person.



It was the Divine General Gao Diping who had restored his true face!

When he heard Jin Ling'er mumbling, he just chuckled and shook his head.



Jin Ling'er’s cultivation technique was personally taught by Ye Qingyu. Although Gao Diping possessed incomparable strength, he was not familiar with such cultivation techniques and could not give any guidance to Jin Ling'er. But Jin Ling'er's power of comprehension was very high, no matter what problems he encountered, he was able to solve it himself after a deep thought and there was no need to worry about him too much.



The most he could do was accompany Bai Yuanxing and Jin Ling'er to practice and exchange moves, allowing them to understand and improve through battles.



When the last piece of fire leaves was swept away, his eyes shifted to the open space outside of the Woods of Fire Trees.



Under a giant blazing fireball-like fire tree, a young boy and girl, wielding a sword, were in a fierce fight.



It was the brother and sister Li Ying and Li Qi.



The two siblings were much taller than before. Their childish face was glowing with the unwillingness to admit defeat.



Elder brother Li Ying's skin was slightly darker than before. He had thick eyebrows and big eyes, and his lips were curved with a gentle smile like the corner of his mouth was naturally turned upwards. His stature was much stronger than before, like a sturdy calf, honest and powerful.



But sister Li Qi was paler than before, there was a rosy glow on her fair face. Her constantly flickering big eyes and her red lips and pearl white teeth made her looked very cute with a hint of mischief.



The brother and sister were from a poor background. Back then at Youyan Pass, their parents were the bottom of the poor, with no official job, and the money earned from some odd jobs could only just feed the brother and sister. Ever since a young age they had not lived many days of happiness. They would feel extremely excited to even have a piece of new clothing once a year and dared not to even hope to learn martial arts like people of wealthy families.



But Ye Qingyu's appearance changed the fate of this family.



Their Mother Wu now had gained a special status in the entire Light City. Even when the Great Light Envoys see Mother Wu they would politely greet her and when important people of the empire, such as the Right Minister and Left Minister, come to the Light City, they would also greet the siblings.



Of course, what was more unbelievable for them was that not only could they learn martial arts, but they had an endless supply of resources, being able to receive Ye Qingyu's guidance and recognition, as well as guidance from Divine General Gong, Gao Diping, a peerless expert of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Now the brother and sister had reached more than seventy Spirit springs. Even among Heaven Wasteland Domain they could be known as masters.

But just like Jin Ling'er, they had never been out of Light City, had not experienced Jianghu, and so had not yet made a name for themselves.



Ding!Ding!Ding!



Repeated clangs of metal striking one another resounded.



Sparks shot out in all directions.



Under the fierce sunlight, the swords in the hands of the brother and sister pair reflected a dazzling white light. The sword qi collided and created a faint rippling in the air.



The two could suppress their yuan qi while practicing, but they were after all two high-level young Spirit spring experts. Without the use of yuan qi they could still bring about an extraordinary explosive power.

The sword light flashed and the air was twisted and almost torn.



The flow of air went almost stagnant.



They had been fighting each other ever since the beginning of their cultivation, remembering each other's moves, and it was difficult to distinguish the winner in a moment’s time.



Gao Diping stopped sweeping the fire leaves, satisfiedly nodded at the siblings.



Although the elder brother and little sister were young, their cultivation was much superior to that of their peers and their power of understanding was not bad. At such a young age, they already have half a step into the Bitter Sea stage. They certainly will have limitless prospects in the future.



“Okay, stop for a moment.”



Gao Diping’s faint voice traveled across into Li Ying’s and Li Qi's ears.



The two immediately stopped, calmed their rapid and disorderly breathing, before trotting over to Gao Diping.



Gao Diping put aside the broom, turned to the siblings to say, “You have more or less mastered this Star Rain Flying Flower sword, but you must remember to not be impatient when striking a move. Be sure to have a good grasp of the spirit of this sword technique. The sword strike should be launched with the power like colourful clouds chasing the moon, and the sword strokes should be like blossoming flowers, understand?”

“Yes, sir, we will remember,” Li Ying earnestly raised his head and said in a grown-up tone of voice.

The corner of Li Qi's mouth was curved upwards, revealing her sparkling little tiger teeth. Grinning she said, “Sir, is my performance today better than big brother?”



Gao Diping smiled, flicking Li Qi on the forehead with his finger. “Don't be naughty, just now you were not even aware that you had forgotten about the 34th move Rose Reflecting Moon. If your brother didn’t let you, you would have lost.”

Li Ying knew his little trick was seen through and responded with a little embarrassed smile.



Li Qi curled her lips, twisted her head to one side, pretending to be angry.



Gao Diping looked at the siblings who had completely different personalities, shaking his head. In fact, in his mind, he extremely favoured the brother and sister. When he saw the siblings practicing martial arts under the fire trees, for some reason, his mind would always think of another pair of siblings. Many years ago, when Light City was not as huge as it was now, the Woods of Fire Trees were not as flourishing, there was also a pair of brother and sister who were also not particularly gifted, diligently training under the fire trees...



Time flew by and times changed.



Gao Diping had not seen that brother and sister in many years.

But some things, some people, will never be forgotten. Even if one hundred years had past, as long as there was one breath left, he will always remember those beautiful years.



He stood under the fire tree, somewhat silent.

Li Ying and Li Qi both knew that sir must be thinking of some previous matters and stayed very quiet and did not interrupt him.

They were accustomed to it.



In the past almost one year, Gao Diping often fell into a trance like now.



Probably after a few minutes, Gao Diping's eyes gradually focused back, a smile emerging on his face and he said to the siblings, “Watch at the side to carefully understand martial arts, it will be a great help to your future cultivation.”



Li Qi and Li Ying looked astonished.



The next moment, the siblings immediately knew what Gao Diping was going to do. With an excited look on their face, they took a few steps back and said solemnly, “Thank you, sir!”



Gao Diping nodded.



Then he went back to continue sweeping the fire leaves scattered across the ground, his action was leisurely and calm.



Li Ying and Li Qi stared at Gao Diping with fixed attention, their faces crossed with anticipation.



A breeze blew.



The red fire leaves fluttered in the breeze.



Clad in a green robe, Gao Diping seemed to have integrated with the Wood of Fire Trees, his slow and leisurely movement was performed in a strange and indescribable rhythm.



Li Ying and Li Qi’s attention were both drawn by Gao Diping's sweeping action, quietly standing where they were.

The bare broom seemed to have turned into a flying sword in Gao Diping's hands.



Upon closer examination, the broom never touched the leaves on the ground.



Under Gao Diping's action, an invisible sword qi continued to flow to the end of the broom.

Where the broom was, the fire leaves that were half incinerated seemed to have frozen.



And his leisurely, slow action, unexpectedly was full of the true will of the Starry Rain Flying Flower sword technique!



Li Ying and Li Qi exchanged a glance, noticing the look of shock in each other’s eyes.



When they looked at Gao Diping again, the strange rhythm suddenly disappeared.



The figure in green was still slowly sweeping the leaves, without the slightest of change.



The brother and sister turned to bow respectfully at Gao Diping, retreated to one side, closed their eyes, and fell into a meditative state, carefully understanding the rhythm.



Not far away.



Jin Ling'er was still practicing.



In the void, a circle of transparent ripples spread, like a bottle of ink was spilled in water. An ink-coloured figure washed out from the void. It was Jin Ling'er in a black outfit.



He looked down at his hands, then at the shadow behind, his face crossed with regret. He then irritably scratched the back of his head and said to himself, “Always feel I'm missing something, can it only be understood through battles?”



When he finished, he seemed to have thought of something, swept his eyes around, revealing a sly look on his face.



The next moment, his figure formed into a mass of thick ink, dissipating where he stood.



In a place a hundred meters away.



Bai Yuanxing just withdrew his palm, suddenly leaned his head in to listen.



A faint smile curled on his lips.



“Big Brother Bai! Take this!”

Transformed into a stream of black light, Jin Ling'er charged straight at Bai Yuanxing.



The force was like lightning, and traces of the attack was hard to detect.



The air was left with an ink-like shadow, gradually melting.



A smile appeared on the lips of Bai Yuanxing, but his body reacted in an instant.



His fists slowly thrust out, drawing a light ripple in the air, and an invisible strength that brought along a mountain-like majestic power struck out in the direction of Jin Ling'er.



Jin Ling'er appeared in the direction of the fist.



But he flashed and left behind a shadow where he was, evading Bai Yuanxing's attack.



Bai Yuanxing's punch struck nothing but air, despiting the accumulated yuan qi. However, the force of the punch shook the void and sent countless fire leaves falling.

Suddenly, he hit the ground with a palm thrust.



A boom like the rumble of thunder reverberated, but there was not the slightest crack or trace across the ground. And instead a small almost inaudible voice sent the air above the ground rippling like waves.



The sound waves instantly spread out in all directions.



Then, Bai Yuanxing found the location of Jin Ling'er.

A kick like a bolt of lightning was performed, stirring up a gust of wind.



“Oh, you found me!” Jin Ling'er exclaimed.



The next moment, his body twisted, two shadows one after the other emerged at his side. Between these two shadows his true body was like an ink painting, melting and changing infinitely in the air.

Bai Yuanxing kicked his leg into the air, the corners of his mouth pulled up in a faint arc.



In a flash, his fist swung out like a bolt of lightning, whizzing over to strike the middle shadow of Jin Ling'er.

Not far away.



Gao Diping was also attracted by the battle of the two. Watching with interest, his mouth curled with a faint smile.



Just then——



Gao Diping suddenly sensed something, his complexion undergoing an abrupt change.



His eyes like a sharp arrow shot toward the Underground Fire Spring Sword Pit in the Light Palace.

On the side of the Underground Fire Spring Sword Pit, the hundred-meter-high Domain Gate, which had been still and silent for nearly a year, finally changed. The ancient stone gate suddenly began to tremble, strange silver flame ripples began to fill from the empty stone gate.



A strange space force began to diffuse.

Gao Diping's eyes suddenly grew fierce.



The attention of Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, Li Qi and Li Ying were also drawn to the stone gate.

The stone gate was reopening?



This... who was going to come?



However, without much time to think, as the ripples spread from the stone gate a white figure, like a bolt of lightning, shot out from the flow of chaos qi on the stonewalls, approaching Bai Yuanxing!



The white figure, like flowing light, arrived in an instant



Bai Yuanxing reacted sharply. With a flash, he dodged the attack of the white flowing light with a kind of strange movement that ordinary people could not understand.



The next moment, his right leg swung up like a cannonball shooting out, wind whistled as he sent a kick at the white figure in the void.



Bang!



The white figure counterattacked with both palms, setting off an invisible wave in the air.



Bai Yuanxing's body slightly quivered as a startled look formed on his face.



At the same time, the white figure suddenly took an abrupt turn, like a flowing light, changing his target, and sped towards Jin Ling'er.



Jin Ling'er was very alert, responding right away. His figure flashed. His true body vanished, leaving only the ink-like shadows that were gradually dissipating.

Within hundred of meters, the air suddenly twisted and a burst of ink mist pervaded the area. His true body had vanished hundred of meters into the distance.

Jin Ling'er operated the [Flowing Shadow Kill]technique. His body flickered and transformed between the two dense ink-coloured shadows, ready to counterattack.



Just then——



The person's body also disappeared; the faint ink-coloured shadows dissipated



The true body relentlessly came at Jin Ling'er.



Looking up in shock, Jin Ling'er thrust out his palm without hesitation.



The figure, like a reflection in the mirror, threw out a palm attack at the same time as Jin Ling'er, and even the palm movements were identical.

The two palms struck directly, the palm power dissipated invisibly.

The air was only left with a dense ink-coloured palm print that faded with the wind.



Without waiting for Jin Ling'er to launch another attack, the figure turned into a beam of white light, instantly arriving at where Li Ying and Li Qi, who had only just reacted, were.



Li Ying and Li Qi looked up with the same expression of shock, but still responded immediately.

As though reading each other's mind, the siblings made a move at the same time. Li Ying's flying sword attack aimed right at the white figure's abdomen, while Li Qi struck towards the white figure's lower body.



The sword light formed a silver light net in front of them.

The sword force was sharp, could take the offensive or defensive, and did not give the slightest room for the white figure to dodge or break through the defense.



The white figure treated his palms like swords, one palm for attacking, the other for defense, and unexpectedly dispersed the sword technique that the siblings were most proud of.



All this happened almost in a flash. The speed of the white figure was like that of a ghost.

Gao Diping was about to make a move, but the next moment, he suddenly realized something. He vaguely guessed who this human figure that suddenly appeared from the Central Domain Gate was. A hint of surprise made its way to his face and he very rarely lost self-control.



Meanwhile——



“Hahaha, not bad, not bad!”



The white figure laughed. A familiar voice rang in everyone's ears, after dispersing the sword attack of Li Ying and Li Qi, his body flashed, like the return of a swan, and confidently landed on the ground——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 614:


Chapter 632, Brother control your bird



“This move...” As Jin Ling'er dodged, his eyes flashed a trace of bewilderment, but after hearing the familiar laughter, his face immediately lit up. “It's Master! Master's back!”



There was a burst of joy in his heart.



At the other side, Bai Yuanxing and the Li siblings also had understanding dawning on their faces.



Also at this moment, on the Domain Gate, the faint flow of light markings was rippling like waves.



There was another figure coming out.



The person in front was Crown Prince Yu Xiaoxing who had changed into a female outfit.



She was followed by a curious looking Old Fish who was constantly glancing around the surroundings as soon as he came out.



“Hey, hey, hey! Slow down... Woof seems to be stuck... hello, Crown Prince, beautiful girl, wait for woof!” Another familiar voice sounded from the Central Domain Gate, and then a white furry ball was seen drilling out.



Who else would it be other than silly dog Little Nine?



At the same time, the white shadow that had continuously fought Bai Yuanxing and the others, like a little ripple in the air, descended beside Yu Xiaoxing and the others.



His robe was like white jade, his figure was handsome and elegant, and his dark waterfall-like hair fluttered in the wind, exuding an ethereal aura.



It was Ye Qingyu.



Li Ying and Li Qi both looked overjoyed.



“Master! You're back!”



The two people yelled out in unison, racing over to pay their respects.



“Master...” Bai Yuanxing also dashed over right away, his voice quivering slightly because of excitement. His eyes though still empty, but because of the success with Heavenly Blind Way, under the eye patch, his eye area was also flashing with an ordinary persons brilliance.



“Master!” Jin Ling'er sped over at lightning speed, kneeling on the ground in front of Ye Qingyu with tears of happiness rolling down his cheeks.



Before Ye Qingyu left, his yuan qi and consciousness power were both impacted by the Heavenly Lightning, and his martial arts destroyed. Adding to this, he went to Clear River Domain, a developed domain, where great forces and masters were endless, so the people in Light Palace were inevitably worried when they did not receive any message or news of him.



“All right, all right, quickly get up.”



Suddenly seeing these little guys, Ye Qingyu also felt a little emotional. With one hand he helped up Li Ying and Li Qi.



Only Jin Ling'er was smiling and crying at one side, while clinging to Ye Qingyu's leg, unwilling to let go.



Ye Qingyu was also a little helpless.



Gao Diping could not help shaking his head and smiling at the side. Then he came over, bowing to Ye Qingyu. “I pay respect to Palace Lord.”



Ye Qingyu nodded. “Uncle Gao, it's been hard for you.”

During these days, Gao Diping was clearly the top power supporting Light City, and it was clear that he had been spending a lot of attention on these juniors.



“Hey, hey, little fellow, hold on for a while, are you done, this is Woof's master...” silly dog Little Nine patted Jin Ling'er's head and said bitterly.



In order to save Ye Qingyu that time, he had ate a few bolts of Heavenly Lightning, becoming a burnt battle companion. Little Nine had restored his plump fluffy appearance and seemed to be a little more chubby than before. But he was still as arrogant and amusing.



Upon hearing this, Jin Ling'er wiped away the tears with an embarrassed look and jumped up.

“Master, you're finally back, I missed you to death... Many times, I dreamt that you came back, so I woke up in the early morning... Haha, I am really very happy. Oh, yes, I am so happy that I forgot that I need to tell everyone of the news. These days, we were all very worried and missed you Master.” Ling'er was so excited that the words he uttered were somewhat incoherent.



“Yes, the people of the Empire are waiting for Palace Lord's return,” Gao Diping said.



“Not yet.” Ye Qingyu thought of something, slightly shook his head, and gave a wave of his hand, “For now there is no need to let too many people know of my return, only notify the seven light envoys.”

“Yes!” Jin Ling'er turned and flew off.



……



After one hour.

The Palace of Light.



Ye Qingyu, Yu Xiaoxing, and the others came to the Light Palace.



He stood on the steps of the palace, overlooking the entire Light City.



After going through the terrifying war, the Light Palace had restored its yuan qi after a period of time and floated back into the void hundreds of meters away. Below the Palace, although there weren’t roars of demons in the Underground Fire Spring Sword Pit anymore, it was still surging with flames and blazing force.



Below.



The fire trees around the Light Palace had restored to their former lush appearance. Each fire tree had flourishing branches and leaves and was swaying in the wind like a huge blazing fireball. The fire leaves fluttered gently from the branches like fire spirits.

After the earth-shattering war, most of the buildings in Light City were destroyed, which could be said to be a heavy loss.



But after Ye Qingyu left, the higher levels of the Snow Empire began to order the restoration work of Light City. Now the ruins of Light City were rebuilt, the city walls repaired, and had completely restored to its former appearance.

Within thirty miles of Light City, elite imperial guards of the empire were still stationed around.



Because of the relationship between the Central Domain Gate and the domain stone walls, now Light City, including the thirty miles of surroundings, had been turned into a restricted area where ordinary people were not allowed to enter. Scanning around, the area was heavily protected, rune formations were in full operation, and hundreds of thousands of soldiers were still guarding the area.



Ye Qingyu for a moment could not help but feel deeply moved.



The time away from Heaven Wasteland Domain was just less than a year, but because he had experienced too much in Clear River Domain, Ye Qingyu for a moment felt a feeling of being reborn, like a long century had past since he left Heaven Wasteland Domain.



Looking at the familiar and unfamiliar things, Ye Qingyu fell silent for a moment.



Just then——

A beam of flowing light streaked across from the northern direction.



“Lord, you're back!” The first person to come over from Light Palace was whom Ye Qingyu expected. It was his most trusted and capable subordinate Gao Han. The former authority of the Southeast martial arts circle had a look of surprise on his face, bowing respectfully to Ye Qingyu, and his hand was still holding the Light City’s bamboo scroll and writing brush. Evidently, he had come to Light Palace as soon as he received the news.

Ever since Ye Qingyu left Heaven Wasteland Domain, there was no one in the Light Palace. The other several Envoys of Light all had strange temperaments and did not like to pay attention to worldly matters, therefore many responsibilities and matters fell on Gao Han. But with his careful care and management, the Light Palace was kept in good order.



“Gao Han, it must have been hard on you.” Ye Qingyu took a glimpse out of the corner of his eyes at the ink that had not yet completely dried on the bamboo scroll. He slightly smiled and couldn't help feeling gratified. Although burdened with so many miscellaneous matters, Gao Han still had not neglected his martial cultivation. Now he was unexpectedly radiating a trace of Heaven Ascension power.

There was another flash of light.



Another person came.



“Light Envoy Dai Youmeng pays respects to Palace Lord.”



“Light Envoy Liu Jinyan pays respects to Palace Lord.”



Dai Youmeng and Liu Jinyan stooped and bowed with an awestruck expression. Their posture was incredibly polite and respectful.



The two men came to Light Palace as soon as they received the news. But in that war back then the two did not put in full effort so if people were rewarded according to their contributions, the two people were even inferior to the chubby Wang Lijin who guarded the surroundings of Light City. Therefore, although the two were still Envoys of Light, but like walking on thin ice, they had no real power and status.



“No need to be so polite, it's been difficult while I was away.” Ye Qingyu looked at the humble attitude of the two people and did not say anything more.



“I pay my respects to Palace Lord!” A chilling air accompanied by a sonorous voice pierced over.



In mid-air as if a meteor had fallen to the ground, a figure headed towards Ye Qingyu kneeling on one knee and respectfully bowed.

It was Yang Henshui carrying a longsword on his back who had just finished training.



He also had a somewhat emotional expression.



For Yang Henshui, who was from a military background and had felt a sense of hopelessness half his life, the Palace Lord before him, who had revitalized Light City and even made a lot of heroic feats that shook the Snow Empire, had not only changed his fate and let him become an important figure in the empire once again, but also became the beacon that guided him.



“No need to be too polite.” Ye Qingyu took a step forward, smiling, and helped up Light Envoy Yang.



When Yang Henshui appeared, Ye Qingyu could sense that his cultivation was much stronger than before he left. He had already reached the peak of the Bitter Sea stage.



It was evident that during this more than half a year of time he did not waste time and the unique cultivation properties of the Light Palace, and had sharply improved his strength.



“Hey, Lord of the Palace, you are finally back.” A figure in a white robe with red markings and gold stitching approached the Light Palace at a neither too fast nor too slow speed.



Before the figure was seen, a perfume aroma and a strong alcoholic smell already permeated the entrance of Light Palace. Li Changkong looked slightly drunk, his lapel was loose and on his neck were stained with red lip markings. Evidently he was at the brothel when he received the message.

“Li Changkong, Palace Lord is present, how dare you act this way!” Dai Youmeng raged.



“Yes, you did not even make yourself presentable before coming here. Look at you, do you not feel embarrassed?”  Liu Jinyan scowled, clearly very disgusted by the perfume and alcohol smell on Li Changkong.



“Don't worry,” Ye Qingyu interrupted, his eyes flashed and he revealed an imperceptible smile.



Because he could tell that although Li Changkong had been loitering around all the time, seemingly devoid of all spirit, but in this half a year his strength had improved and was no less weaker than Yang Henshui. Now he was already at the peak of the Bitter Sea stage. Although this Li Changkong had a carefree nature, but in a critical moment he can be very reliable.



Almost at the same time——



“Hey, hey Big brother Changkong you did not wait for me, Miss Yue Yin said that you must choose her tonight... Yo, who is this, whoa haha, Brother Ye? Brother, you are back!” Rambling noises came from mid-air.



Ye Qingyu felt a breeze of cold wind whistling in his heart.



He had almost forgotten the devil incarnate.



When he looked down again the devil incarnate Ximen Yeshui was already in front of him, wearing the same navy-coloured robe as Li Changkong and a jade-coloured band was only carelessly tied around his waist, seemingly would come loose anytime and with a drunken expression on his face.

More than half a year of eating delicious food and wine in the Snow capital, and living a happy and carefree life had unexpectedly made his complexion more glowing than before.



Xiemen Yeshui’s relationship with Ye Qingyu was even closer. And at the war back then he also exerted all his strength. Without caring about the rules, he came over to give Ye Qingyu a bear hug.



“My dear brother, you’re back.” Ximen Yeshui was not at all respectful like the other people. Grinning, he rushed up to bear hug Ye Qingyu. “While you were gone, several brothels had opened up in Snow capital, tonight I must take you,” Ximen Yeshui said, winking.



Ye Qingyu was speechless.

At this moment, the stout parrot standing on his shoulder flapped its wings and flew to Yu Xiaoxing.

“Yo, little darling, this white dress suits you a lot! Do you have time to go admire the Moon and recite poems with me... Aaawk aaawk!”  The fat parrot desperately flapped its wings over to Yu Xiaoxing and opened her mouth to speak. The tone of voice sounding extremely like that of Ximen Yeshui.



This was clearly Ximen Yeshui's ‘pick-up weapon’ [Rainbow Cloud].



Unexpectedly, after six months of careful feeding, his parrot [Rainbow Cloud] was now several times fatter than before. Even his cheeks were bulged out and when he flapped his wings there was not the slightest cuteness or manner of a parrot. It was like a fat old hen, but his words were very clear. No one knew what Ximen Yeshui had fed him to have such intelligence.



“Damn it, you stupid bird, you want to die... That is Her Highness Crown Prince, my brother’s woman, you dare flirt with her?” Ximen Yeshui both furiously and embarrassedly scolded. “Quickly get lost, or I will make you into soup.”



Yu Xiaoxing smiled and ignored him.



“Hey, control your bird, brother.” Ye Qingyu smiled, stretching out his hand from his long flowy sleeves, and the stout parrot involuntarily was wrapped away by a gust of wind, returning onto Ximen Yeshui's shoulder.

“Pay respect to Her Highness Crown Prince.”



All the others came over and bowed.



Yu Xiaoxing’s status was after all very high, but before they were too excited to react and had forgotten about the etiquette.

“No need to be polite!” Yu Xiaoxing smiled, motioning them to get up with her hand.



Old Fish was quietly grinning at the side. Although he had felt the imperial qi exuding from Yu Xiaoxing, but in Clear River Domain, this girl had always behaved like a sweet, naive young woman, following Ye Qingyu everywhere. He didn't expect that, once returned to her own land, she would instantly change, becoming dignified and serious.



“Cousin, I'll go back to inform Aunt, the Right Minister, and the others, so they don't have to worry.” Yu Xiaoxing turned and smiled at Ye Qingyu.



“Yes, after you return have a good rest.” Ye Qingyu gently nodded——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 615:


Chapter 633, The authorities of the empire

Having returned to the Snow Empire, Yu Xiaoxing's status was suddenly elevated. She also knew that if she continued to stand here, her cousin and these subordinates and friends would feel unconformable and be unable to enjoy catching up. Moreover, as a member of the imperial family, as well as the Crown Prince, she should pay her father a visit first. There were still many things waiting to be done.

After greeting and saying a few words to Bai Yuanxing, Gao Diping, and the others, Yu Xiaoxing left under the escort of the Light soldiers.

A number of people left Light City, entered the imperial army base, and after a brief notification, higher levels stationed at the imperial army base came out in a very low-key manner to welcome the Empire's Crown ‘Prince’. Then, under the escort of the elite soldiers, Yu Xiaoxing headed for the Imperial palace.

Meanwhile——



In the sky of the Snow Empire's eastern market direction, a ball of blood-coloured light sped up, passing over numerous prohibitions before suddenly falling into the Light Palace.



There was only one person inside and outside of Light City who dared to act so arrogantly. Even if Ye Qingyu couldn't see, he already knew who the person was.



“Hey, hey, hey, Brother Ye, you're back!” a familiar voice sounded, before a warm face appeared.



Ye Qingyu chose to selectively release the news of his return to Heaven Wasteland Domain one by one, and Wen Wan, who was furthest away from the Light City, was the last to come. As he landed, in his left hand was a special basin-sized bowl of noodle that was still emitting steam. It was obvious that the noodles were just served up. His right hand was holding a similarly special pair of chopsticks, which obviously could clamp more noodles than an ordinary pair of chopsticks.



His gaze fell on Ye Qingyu, studying him from top to bottom, looking somewhat emotional.



He was about to come over for a hug, when he suddenly realized that his two hands were occupied. After a brief thought, weighing it a bit, he eventually focused back on the noodles. With a few slurps he easily emptied the bowl of noodles, gulped down the soup, and before he put away the chopsticks came over to hug Ye Qingyu.



Ye Qingyu looked a little helpless. “It seems, to you, eating noodles is more important than me.”



Wen Wan chuckled. “Since you have come back, you will always be here, but this bowl of noodles will be cold and soft and won't taste good if I eat it later...”



Ye Qingyu, “...”



The dialogue could not help but draw laughter from everyone.



“You really like noodles, there are so much delicacies in this world, but you only eat noodles. Sigh, were you enemies with noodles in your previous life... I guess in these six months, the noodle shop owners on the streets of Snow capital were supported by you.” Ye Qingyu also laughed.

Ever since Ye Qingyu came to the White Deer Academy, Wen Wan had been by his side. Then later in Youyan Pass, Wen Wan was also always standing in Ye Qingyu’s position and the friendship between the two can be said to be incredibly deep.



As they were speaking, the leader of the Light soldiers——the cowardly and greedy fatty Wang Lijin also came over with a smile on his face, stooping and bowing to Ye Qingyu, and was a little afraid to come closer.



Ye Qingyu with one glimpse knew that he must have lost a lot of money gambling again, and most likely had even gambled his imperial seal for him to be cowering like that. For a moment, he also didn't know what to say to him. But however bad his character was, he was still very reliable at the most critical moment. During the battle of Light City, the chubby man had performed exceptional meritorious service. He and his Light soldiers were a group of weird people that cannot be judged using common sense.



Old Fish had all along been watching at the side. He swept his gaze over Wen Wan, Li Changkong and the other people, quietly studying them. Occasionally he nodded, and when his eyes fell on the dark scholar Ximen Yeshui, there was a trace of strange brilliance flashing in his eyes. Finally, when he saw Wang Lijin, Old Fish's lips were curled with a smile. It was the look of a weasel seeing the same kind or when a child saw an interesting toy.

Of course, among all people, the happiest was of course Mother Wu, who was personally preparing in the kitchen.



The moment Mother Wu knew that the Palace Lord had returned, her eyes brimmed with tears of excitement and she immediately rushed into the kitchen to change all the pre-prepared dishes. She personally tied on the apron to make up new dishes, from cold dishes to soup, they were all foods that Ye Qingyu liked.



After the time of a stick of incense.



In the side hall of the Light Palace.



Mother Wu led more than ten kitchen workers to take turns serving up dishes. A dazzling array of dishes filled a large table that there was almost no space to set down the soup bowl.



“It's been a long time since I've had Mother Wu's cooking, I’ve really missed it a lot.” Ye Qingyu looked at Mother Wu, whose face was entirely covered in a fine sheen of sweat and her eyes and lips were both smiling like a flower.



When Mother Wu heard Ye Qingyu’s words, she excitedly rubbed her hands, and her eyes curved into crescent moon shapes. “Palace Lord, if you like, I will be making different things for you everyday...”



“Haha, Brother Ye, I'm glad you're back, usually we would never have Mother Wu's cooking.” Wen Wan had already fixed his eyes on a big bowl of red oil noodles, drooling.



“Yes, good, good, looks tasty.” Old Fish stared at the dishes and delicacies across the table, his crossed eyes glowing with an excited light. He was the first to find a place to sit, and stuffed his mouth with wine and meat, while complimenting, “I didn't expect you to have so many powerful people following you in Heaven Wasteland Domain, and you get to eat so well every day. I will have lots of good food to eat now! Where's the wine? Why is there no wine, come, come, come, bring the wine!”

The crowd laughed again and was seated one after another.



Previously, Ye Qingyu had already introduced Old Fish. Of course, he could not reveal his true identity, and only briefly introduced him as an elder he met in Clear River Domain.

But the people who appeared here were all elites. They naturally could tell that although Ye Qingyu seemed to dislike Old Fish on the surface, in fact he greatly respected him. They could infer that the cross-eyed old man must have an extraordinary background.



The wine flowed freely, and the aroma of food filled the room; it was a warm and harmonious atmosphere.



From time to time, Old Fish, Little Nine, Ximen Yeshui, and Li Changkong, in order to snatch the duck leg and chicken leg, would get into a fight. The atmosphere made Ye Qingyu feel as though he was wrapped in a gentle breeze, exceptionally comfortable.



……



An hour later.



In the Light Palace.



“Hic... Little Leaf, I can't believe you hid such a good cook in the palace... hic... This taste, almost matches up to the chef of my Quicksand Sea Palace... hic...” Old Fish said while hiccupping and holding the chicken leg snatched from the silly dog Little Nine's mouth.



“Woof... Smelly old man... give back the chicken leg!” Silly dog Little Nine raged, holding up his belly as he chased after him.



Ye Qingyu was simply speechless. With one hand covering his forehead, he pretended to not see anything.



Only these two ‘different kinds’ could run from the table to the main hall.



In the blink of an eye, Old Fish had completely devoured the chicken leg. He satisfiedly licked his fingers and then moved toward the silly dog swinging about the chicken bone in his hand.



“Old thing, Woof is going to kill you!” Silly dog shot a sidelong glance at the smug looking Old Fish before he sat down to one side in a temper. After a thought, his round eyes circled around, filled with a grim expression. “Hey, old thing don't look so proud. There are delicacies everywhere in the Snow capital. Woof is going to the Snow capital to eat aromatic and spicy food, and have one hundred kinds of delicious chicken legs, drink one thousand different kinds of fragrant aged wines... Of course, I also have to eat one hundred grilled fish every day, haha.”



“Hundreds of kinds of... Thousands of kinds of...” Old Fish’s eyes lit up. He immediately put down his pride and his greasy hands made a grab to hold the silly dog in his arms. “I’m your master's elder, you can not eat and drink by yourself, come, come, quickly lead the way, we will go eat grilled fish together!”



The silly dog was really dumbfounded.



You’re an old fish, yet you’re so excited to eat grilled fish?



Are you a fish or not?



But the next second, the dog really responded.



“Woof... put wolf down... I bet you haven't showered in hundreds of years! It stinks, it stinks!” Silly dog, like a fish out of water, desperately twisted around to try to break free, like a little fish out of water. But how could this ‘little fish out of water’ win against a hundred-thousand-year-old fish. Silly dog, who was tightly clamped, revealed his milky ivory teeth, gnawing fiercely.

“Hey, don't bite, let's discuss things...”



“...Woof don't want! The silly dog gritted his teeth while struggling, and then suddenly his eyes lit up. “Cough... old man... Woof can take you... three drops of thunder liquid.”



At this time, silly dog was no longer trying to break free, and had a trace of anticipation across his face. In his mind, one drop of thunder liquid was better than any wine in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain. Also, he knew that Old Fish must have thunder liquid on him.



“Well, your request is a bit too much, but because of our relationship... Deal!”



“Woof woof, what a straightforward person, Woof likes. Then what are we waiting for, let's go. Woof haha, I'll first take you to my favorite...”



“Huh, are we finished here? What? You’re treating me to eat supreme grilled fish? Okay, it's decided, let's go.”



The man and dog exchanged words, simply ignoring Ye Qingyu and everyone else. Then transformed into streams of light, disappearing at the end of the stone steps of the Light Palace.



The crowd was speechless.



Looking at the gradually fading light in the distance, Ye Qingyu couldn't help smiling helplessly and shook his head.



Both of them were very strong. The hundreds of thousands of imperial guards outside could not stop them at all. And now these two troublemakers had combined together, the Snow capital would most likely be in chaos again. After all, even a super large sect like the Greater One Sect was turned into a mess by these two.



The feast continued.



Ye Qingyu was glad with the results of Bai Yuanxing and the other people's cultivation. After dinner, he then gave them pointers on their cultivation.



After an incense stick of time—



“Brother Ye! We're here!”



Two eager and excited voices came from mid-air.



The corner of Ye Qingyu's mouth was slightly raised.



“They came so fast!”



The next moment, authorities of the empire, including the Pill God Dugu Quan, Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping, Left Minister Lin Zheng, Right Minister Qu Hanshan, Old Marshal Li Guangbi, and Apex Prince Yu Feiyan were all within a beam of light, descending onto the doorway of the Light Palace.



……



In a quiet room in Light City.



The interior of the boxy room was extremely simple, with only a few seemingly random splashes of ink that adorned the dark walls.



The borders of the walls were depicted with a number of different forms of ancient gods and beast totems that seemed like it would jump out the next moment and swallow the sky and earth.



“Brother Ye, you have been gone for half a year without any news. We were so worried.” Pill God Dugu Quan carefully looked at Ye Qingyu. Although he did not sense the fluctuation of his yuan qi, but fortunately his aura was stable and did not seem to be wounded. He finally could relax.



“Yes, if I had not stopped old man Dugu and told him to wait for another half a month, he would have rushed through the Domain Gate to come find you.” Ouyang Buping smiled, brushing his long white beard.



“Old man Ouyang, you have the nerve to say that. Weren’t you the one who said that if there is no news of Brother Ye and we won't have much longer to live so we might as well charge into Clear River Domain to bring little brother Ye back?” Dugu Quan shot a glare at Ouyang Buping beside him.

Ouyang Buping very assuredly shook his head, saying, “When did I say that, don’t blame me when you’re too embarrassed to admit it. Do I look like such a rash person?”



“Hey you old man, you have gone to many places out of rashness, eighty years ago you...”

The two old men, whose age added together were close to one thousand years, began to argue like children.



Ye Qingyu sat there not knowing whether to laugh or cry, but he felt this atmosphere was incomparably warm. The two elder brothers’concerned about him filled his heart with a warm burst of current, and he experienced a feeling of returning to home.



He gently stroked his forehead and said with a smile, “Two elder brothers, although I was in Clear River Domain, but I knew two elder brothers were concerned about me. We should still talk about the serious matter first, and don't let the Right Minister and Left Minister wait for too long.”



“Don't worry, we rarely get a chance to witness the quarrel between the Snow empire's important Pill God and the Medicine God. To be able to witness this in person, haha, is also a story, haha,” the Right Minister Lin Zheng gently blew the fluttering hot steam above the tea and said with a rare laugh. Evidently his mood was good.



“Haha, the two elders’ mentality is so young, Right Minister and I are really far behind.” Qu Hanshan's sword-like brows were gently raised, faintly smiling.

“How has Heaven Wasteland Domain been in the past half-year?” Ye Qingyu's complexion was restored, turning to look at Right Minister Lin Zheng.



“Ever since Crown Prince her highness followed Palace Lord Ye into Clear River Domain, the matters of the Snow Ground Demon Court were temporarily given to the Apex Prince, Yu Feiyan, his highness to handle. Since that war, Heaven Wasteland Domain has been peaceful...” Lin Zheng reported back the major forces and situation of Heaven Wasteland Domain one by one. “...From the report of The Whip of the Thunder Deity corps, the Stepping Wave corps, the West Rock corps and Youyan Pass every half a month, the other races were often in conflict. In the recent days, the major foreign races, except the Snow Ground Demon Court, are all getting restless and most likely will act soon.”



“But do not worry too much. Generally speaking, the Hurricane Demon Court had suffered serious damage, the Desert Brute Race Royal Court, White Water Black Mountain Brute Race, and the Snow Ground Demon Court now only have the power to gasp for breath. It will be difficult for them to form an army again.” Qu Hanshan continued, “And the Domain Gate of the four major foreign races have been sealed by the Snow Empire Imperial family. There has been no further news of abnormal fluctuations with the Domain Gate.”



For more than half a year, all the generals and millions of soldiers of the Snow Empire were all situated in a recuperating and defensive state. In particular, the Left and Right Ministers were in full cooperation. The skillful deployment and distribution of the follow-up plan had greatly increased the strength of the entire Snow Empire's military.



“Just...” The old commander Li Yuanbi sighed. “Although the overall situation of Heaven Wasteland Domain has been relatively stable, but sects like the Three Sects and Three Schools are secretly making some unusual moves. After the cleaning up of that war, there are still some stubborn roots hopping about secretly...”



The old Commander's hair and beard were both white, and the wrinkles between his brows were more obvious than half a year ago.



Back before the Crown Prince left, the final order was for the Left Minister and Right Minister to be in charge of all the military arrangements of the Snow Empire, while he was arranged to handle all the matters of the Jiangu of Heaven Wasteland Domain. But even till today, the major sects and forces of Jianghu had not been properly treated, which had troubled the old Commander’s day and night to the point that he was unable to sleep.



“Some sects in Heaven Wasteland Domain, I have dealt with before during my time in Youyan Pass, how about this...” Ye Qingyu looked at the old Commander, whose eyes flowed out an unintentional sadness, then revealed a wide smile. “I can help share your burden.”



Upon hearing this, Li Yuanbi was startled for a moment, then his eyes flashed with a glimmer of joy.



“It's great that Palace Lord Ye is willing to help out!” Li Yuanbi's worry instantly turned to happiness, like a boulder was finally moved away from his heart. He looked much more relaxed.



Given Ye Qingyu's cultivation, if he wanted to suppress some of the sects of Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was definitely possible.



“As for the affairs of the empire, I have to leave it to the Apex Prince and the two ministers to help assist the Crown Prince.” Ye Qingyu turned to the direction of Lin Zheng and Qu Hanshan.



“Of course.” The two ministers nodded.



Afterwards, there was another discussion.



Ye Qingyu did not devise a strategy or plan for all matters. In fact, some military affairs were not what he was good at and he had no interest. However, the Right Minister and the others obviously hoped that the Palace Lord, who was now the pillar of the empire, could sit down to listen, so the discussion was very detailed.

Ye Qingyu occasionally interjected with a few words.



In the blink of an eye, two hours had past.



Ye Qingyu gained a general understanding of the arrangement and all the matters that had taken place in the Snow Empire.



Everyone drank tea and the rhythm slowed down slightly.



“Cough... the discussion of the important business is over, you should talk about your experience in the foreign domain.” Dugu Quan, who seemed to have been waiting for a long time, finally found a chance to interrupt, revealing a hint of impatience.



“Yes, yes, little brother Ye, we're all curious about the interesting things that happened in Clear River Domain.” Ouyang Buping rarely agreed with Dugu Quan, echoing one another.



Ye Qingyu helplessly smiled, then roughly talked about his experience in Clear River Domain. Of course, he hid a lot of key information from them, such as the Underground Moon Immortal Palace, chaotic thunder liquid as well as the identity of Old Fish.



An hour later.



The people could tell that Ye Qingyu really had a lack of interest towards the military and Imperial matters, which was the same as before, and there was nothing that could be done. But they also knew that the Palace Lord had just returned. There may be some personal matters he needed to deal with first, so the Right Minister and the others used the reason that they had paperwork to finish off and had to depart.



Ye Qingyu personally saw them off.



Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping originally wanted to stay to share their insight and what they had learnt from the 108 ancient characters in the last six months, but with a flash of light, there was suddenly a flying scroll coming from the Snow Empire's main hall. As soon as the two received the letter, they too hurriedly got up to leave.



……



In front of the quiet room.



After Ye Qingyu sent off the authorities of the empire, he stood at the door, stretched his body, and breathed a long sigh of relief.



During the days in Clear River Domain, his nerves had always been in a tensed state, as though there would be powerful enemies coming at any time and he needed to be ready to fight. Having experienced such huge changes, although his strength had been improving constantly, it was unavoidable that his mind was extremely exhausted. Now that he had returned to Heaven Wasteland Domain, looking at the familiar scenery, looking at the familiar smiling faces, he finally was able to relax his strained nerves.

Ye Qingyu felt a sense of total relaxation and comfort.



Standing at the door for a long time, Ye Qingyu was ready to turn back, when he suddenly noticed something. A faint smile curved on his lips.



“Since you've come, why don't you come out and have a cup of tea?” He looked at the silent void in the distance, smiling softly.



“Yo, you actually found me, good, little man, your strength has improved from before...” In the void, a clear and gentle voice came out, which Ye Qingyu was incomparably familiar with.

At the same time, a ripple and a circle of light began to spin from the bottom to the top.



A beautiful image of a woman in a moon-white long dress and with long hair that was slightly tied was coming into sight.



The person was the Snow Empire's first Princess Yu Junqing.



It had been over half a year, but the first princess of the empire was as beautiful as before, radiating an ethereal and elegant aura. Dressed in an imperial palace outfit, her graceful and slender body leisurely walked over, swaying gently in the wind, and with a dazzling radiance emitting from her body that filled everywhere. The imposing aura that she had cultivated for a long time and the power of a strong martial artist had added a charm to the seemingly young princess.



“I pay respect to First Princess.” Ye Qingyu bowed.



“Okay, okay, there are no outsiders here, why are you being so polite?” The First Princess wore a faint smiling expression, studying Ye Qingyu. Then, her beautiful eyes revealed a look of astonishment, because she could not see through his cultivation at all——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 616:


Chapter 634, Said it for the first time



The arrival of the First Princess was, in fact, for nothing particularly important. Her main purpose of course was to see Ye Qingyu.



Because if Ye Qingyu really was the son of Yu Junhan, then he needed to call the First Princess ‘Aunt’ and the two people had the same blood running through their body. Regardless of the doubt that Ye Qingyu had in mind, First Princess Yu Junqing had clearly already accepted this fact, so she was particularly concerned about Ye Qingyu.



Ye Qingyu invited Yu Junqing into the palace.



Soon, Mother Wu personally brought tea over.



Without waiting for her to ask questions, Ye Qingyu briefly recounted his experience in Clear River Domain. But when he mentioned his first time stepping into the Underground Moon Immortal Palace, he hesitated a bit and eventually passed by the matter of him seeing a white-haired female corpse very similar to his mother.



He was now extremely confused about his own life.

Ye Qingyu's mind was now a mess, while the First Princess Yu Junqing was obviously extremely positive that Ye Qingyu was Yu Junhan’s son, so when making judgments, inevitably she would be somewhat forceful. Ye Qingyu did not want to be affected. He respected Yu Junqing and even more respected Yu Junhan, but when it involved his own life, he wanted to rely on his strength, with facts and evidence, to uncover the truth.



Having listened to Ye Qingyu's experience, First Princess Yu Junqing went quiet for a moment.

Evidently it was the confusion and seriousness among the Clear River Domain that made the important figure of the imperial family somewhat silent.



“So, your strength has reached the Immortal Step boundary?” She looked up at the heroic young man opposite her. After hearing his thrilling experience, she also could not help feeling astonished and deeply moved.

In Heaven Wasteland Domain, many martial artists did not even know of the existence of a Martial Immortal Step boundary. The Heaven Ascension boundary was already a peak unattainable for many people. Moreover, the youngster was only gone for a short period of time, yet had already reached this level. No wonder that he was the descendant of that person, and it was understandable that she could not see through his cultivation level.



Ye Qingyu nodded. “In Heaven Wasteland Domain, the laws of the domain and the power of heaven and earth are not mature, so there is a repression, but Clear River Domain is already able to withstand the power higher than the Heaven Ascension boundary, so my cultivation level was able to progress rapidly. And according to my judgment, our Heaven Wasteland Domain, after the opening of the Central Domain Gate and following the changes of the laws of the domain and the power of heaven and earth, can withstand an increase in strength. Not long from now, the martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain are going to welcome the golden age of the domain. Although I am deliberately suppressing my yuan qi cultivation, but I still can feel that the power of Heaven Ascension will not be suppressed by this expanse of sky and land anymore.”

Yu Junqing smiled. “It is not wrong, in the past half a year, there have been many experts breaking through the restriction. There are many Heaven Ascension experts appearing from many sects, but also many battles that broke out between Heaven Ascension experts has been allowed by this expanse of sky and land.”



“Something like that happened?” Ye Qingyu was a little surprised. He had not heard the Left Minister and the old Commander mention this before.



Yu Junqing took a sip of tea and set down the cup, before she replied, “The sect that old Commander Li Guangbi is monitoring is the Three Sects and Three Schools. After the battle of Light City, the Three Sects and Three Schools had damaged their foundation, so they have been pretty quiet. The old marshal has little experience in dealing with the Jianghu, and the Right and Left Ministers are busy making great efforts to build a strong state and rectify the state of affairs, so they could not spare time. As a result, they do not know that the structure of the power of the Jianghu of Heaven Wasteland Domain has changed.”

So this was the reason.



It was no wonder then that the authorities of the empire had never mentioned it before.



Ye Qingyu looked deep in thought.



“Of course, in this period of time, I came out to solve Jianghu matters that really involved the real martial artists.” Yu Junqing proudly smiled, leaning diagonally on the chair in a very comfortable posture. “The old Commander and the others did not talk to you too much of the matter because they knew that I will come tell you. Also, there are some matters that, before I tell you, I have to make sure that you do really have that qualification and strength to know.”



Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then he immediately gave a wry smile, “Then you are certain now?”



“Certain.” Yu Junqing's smile was a lot softer than before. “The moment I saw you, I was already certain that in the next long period of time, I can finally relax.” As she was speaking, she lifted her soft jade-like hand and a thin piece of paper leisurely drifted to Ye Qingyu.



Ye Qingyu held out his hand to catch the paper, noticing that the names of thirty to fifty  people were recorded on the paper, and each name was marked with a symbol similar to a priority marking.



“This is?” He glanced at Yu Junqing, asking puzzledly.



“Oh, just a list of some less than honest people.” Yu Junqing set the cup on the table, her brows knitted in a frown. “The tea is too light, I don't like it, do you not offer wine to guests?”



Ye Qingyu did not know what to say for a moment. Then, he took out the wine brought from the Clear River Domain to offer to the First Princess, Her Highness.



Very gracefully, she took a sip with her small mouth. Her eyes lit up and she finished the cup of wine in one gulp. Nodding, Yu Junqing said, “Not bad, good wine, the wine outside of Heaven Wasteland Domain... On this list are the experts that had broken through the Heaven Ascension boundary in the last six months. Of course, this is not all, but the guys on there, all of them are not too honest. Just because they made a breakthrough they think they are invincible. Recently, they have not been obedient. I was preparing to go have a chat with them personally, but now that you're here, a delicate woman like me won't have to go all the way to negotiate with those guys. I leave this to you.”

When Ye Qingyu heard this, he finally understood.



Because of the constraints of the power of the domain, even if there were experts in Heaven Wasteland Domain who were Heaven Ascension experts, there were not many. Adding to this they did not dare to really use the power of Heaven Ascension stage, so they were only considered to be a group of fake Heaven Ascension existence. But following the appearance of the Central Domain Gate, the Law of Heaven and Earth and the power of the domain had climbed onto a rising tide. In a short period of time, there were countless experts originally stuck in the top of the Bitter Sea stage finally breaking through the restriction, leaping into the Heaven Ascension stage. Moreover, they were surprised to find that they could display the power of Heaven Ascension without restraint. As a result, the power that suddenly descended upon them had triggered many people's ambition and they had begun to get arrogant.



The impact that the Snow Empire had on the forces of Jianghu was originally done well, but under such a large background, their original efforts now seemed a little pale.



The new Heaven Ascension experts of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, because of the rise in strength, had led to an imbalance of their state of thinking. They had became arrogant and begun to provoke the majesty of the Snow Empire.

For the Snow Empire, this was indeed a threat. Even if they could not shake the foundation of the empire, they will produce a lot of waves, and at such a critical time, such a situation was obviously not tolerated by the empire. Therefore, Yu Junqing, the First Princess of the empire had to think of a strategy.



Putting away the piece of paper, Ye Qingyu nodded. “Okay, leave this matter to me.”



Yu Junqing revealed a relived smile on her fair delicate face. “Good, good, with your current strength, you’re more suited to handle this matter than I am.”

Ye Qingyu smiled and did not speak.



Yu Junqing poured herself another cup of wine. Holding it with both hands, she looked to Ye Qingyu and asked, “Since you have experienced so much in Clear River Domain, seen so many experts, and have seen so many things, why don't you tell me what is the matter that impacted you the most? Or how it had impacted you?”



Ye Qingyu, noticing her serious expression, put away the thought of joking. He very seriously pondered over the question before he replied, “To say the matter that impacted me the most, it should be the Demon Spider Race's Devouring Heaven Demon camp.”

“Oh?” Yu Junqing said with a forced smile. “It’s not the Greater One Sect? It’s not the experts at the Storm Sword Duel gathering? It’s not the Immortal God Emperor Sect?”

“No,” Ye Qingyu stated firmly. “The ones you mentioned are all very strong and had surprised me, this rookie who just came out of Heaven Wasteland Domain. However, the one who really affected me the most is still the Demon Spider Race's Devouring Heaven Demon camp... I do not know whether the other forces of the Demon Spider Race is the same, but it was clear that the structure of the military arrangement of the Devouring Heaven Demon camp is the most important reason that they could almost extinguish Greater One Sect. For the past hundreds of years, the Greater One Sect had been standing separately from the Demon Spider Race, and could even be said to have some advantage, but when the Demon Spider Race suddenly changed styles, changed its disorderly structure of sects in the past into an organized army system and spent years to form a legion, its force was like lightning on the Storm Sword Duel gathering. Before the Greater One Sect could even react, they had already attacked the Great One mountain range... Every order was executed without fail. Even though I killed the Devouring Heaven Demon General, the army withdrew from Flowing Light City and set up an encampment, I still dared not to force entry into the army camp... I stood for a long while on the city walls of Flowing Light City. I have also passed through the deserted main gate of Greater One Sect. I suddenly feel that an imperial organizational structure, like that of the Snow Empire, is perhaps the real way that can make the Human Race to continue strongly and powerfully, and sects such as the Three Sects and Three Schools and the Greater One Sect may perhaps be able to continue, but it will be hard for them to truly unite and rally all the power of the entire race,” Ye Qingyu said very slowly.



These words were what he was long aware of when he was in Clear River Domain, especially after meeting the Devouring Heaven Demon camp Demon Spider army, but he did not speak out his thoughts at that time.



It was also the first time that Ye Qingyu said such things in front of others.



When he was with Liu Shaji, Hu Bugui, and even Nan Tieyi, he also did not say any of these words.

Because these people were in Clear River Domain, from a sect background, and perhaps may not agree with Ye Qingyu's ideas.



While Ye Qingyu, ever since the time at Youyan Pass, had been a military advocate. And after his trip through Clear River Domain, he became more and more firm with his own ideas.



PA PA PA!



There was a crisp sound of applause.



Yu Junqing lightly applauded, with an undisguised gratified smile. “You know, these words, one hundred years ago, there was also a person who said it before in front of the thousands of experts and people of the Yu clan.”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

