Chapter 961:


Chapter 977 - Tusita Palace


Time flew by.

As news spread, countless people swarmed to the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

However, as the Reincarnation Hall descended, the chaotic and demonic aura for tens of thousands of kilometers around the Divine Emperor Peak became very thick. At this time in particular, it was so thick that it seemed to have turned solid. Ordinary experts could absolutely not withstand such a demonic cruel qi. If they tried to draw near to the Divine Emperor Peak, they would lose their minds and become massacrous monsters, eventually dying from exhaustion. Only those who were at least Saints could withstand the effects of this demonic cruel qi and arrive in front of Divine Emperor Peak.

At this time, although the scene was not as crazy as it initially was, streaks of flowing light continued to cut across the heavens, and thus arrived an endless stream of Saint realm experts from various large domains to scramble for opportunities.

Like a gigantic magnet, the Reincarnation Hall continually attracted martial experts from all over the Vast Thousand Domains to enter it.

About an hour later.

A tiny ball of light appeared before the main gate of the Reincarnation Hall.

A white-robed figure walked out from the light. His eyes were wrapped in bright red cloth and his body had several scars from which fresh blood oozed and dyed his robes red. It was clear that his injuries were not insignificant. With every step leaving a blood-red footprint, he gradually walked up to the main gate.

It was none other than Bai Yuanxing.

“Soldiers from the Greater One Sect are everywhere and have foiled my attempts to escape. These scumbags will kill anyone moving toward the outer periphery, regardless of race. What should I do?”
He frowned tightly as he looked at the black gravel pavement and black city walls ahead, thinking to himself,
“Is entering the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor really the only way to escape?”

He was caught in a tough dilemma.

The fate of more than two hundred children rested on his shoulders.

He had tried several times but was unfortunately unable to get out of the encirclement of the Greater One Sect. He could tell that this was not because they knew about his identity but because any being which attempted to move away from the Reincarnation Hall would be pursued and killed.

The actions of the Greater One Sect were apparently very odd.

“Forget it, there’s no other choice. The only route of survival lies in the Reincarnation Hall.”

He slowly made up his mind.

This was because he had strangely discovered that this black palace complex was inconspicuously emitting an extreme intimate aura, as if something from within was calling for him. Moreover, there was something which he was terribly puzzled by – that being why the demonic cruel qi of this world seemed to have no effect on him and did not affect his mind.

He had personally seen a half Saint realm expert die from going berserk.

His own strength was way inferior to that of a half Saint, yet he was not affected.

“Everything shall be up to fate.”

Eventually, he quickened his footsteps and entered the Reincarnation Hall.

……

……

After walking for half an hour along a dark tunnel and passing by several forks along the way, another large and magnificent palace appeared in front of Ye Qingyu and the others.

Huh?

With a hint of curiosity flashing across his eyes, Ye Qingyu was first to walk up to it.

The palace was approximately a hundred meters tall and took up several hundred square kilometers of land. Although it was also composed of black rock walls around the doorframe and its lines were primitive and coarse, yin-yang bagua relief sculptures were carved on its left and right sides. For the bagua on the left, the yin extremity was above the yang extremity, while the bagua on the right was the opposite, as if the two baguas were counterposing each other. These baguas were not only carved very meticulously and exquisitely, but also contained a Great Dao aura which was the first of its kind and was extremely mysterious and ancient.

The palace door, which was nearly a hundred meters tall, was made using a dark gray material that was similar to lapis. A faint black mist circulated and surged within like a living thing.

“This palace is kinda strange… it’s shaped like a bagua, contains Great Dao, and is much more powerful-looking than the [Seven Elements Relief Palace] of earlier.”

Ye Qingyu seemed in deep thought.

The million-year-old soul had provided the directions along the way, as though it specially wanted to come here.

To one side, Hu Bugui remained highly remorseful and out of sorts. He raised his head to look at the palace door and shook his head, hoping to drive away the negative thoughts in his mind. He then said while scratching his head, “Brother, what’s this palace called? Do you recognize the characters on the plaque?”

A plaque was hung above the palace door.

Three fiendgod characters which were primitive and bold, as if they had been chiseled using divine swords and giant hammers, were carved on it.

“[Tusita Palace].”

Ye Qingyu read out the characters after carefully identifying them.

Slightly stunned with astonishment and hesitation, Hu Bugui remarked, “What? Tu… sita Palace? This name… is a little familiar.”

A beam of lightning flashed across Ye Qingyu’s mind. Hu Bugui’s remark had caused him to also feel that the name was familiar.

“I’ve seen it in an ancient book that recorded strange things about the fiendgods. According to hearsay, during the Fiendgod Age, there was a Celestial Race sect master whose accomplishments in refining pills were near-divine. He’s called the [Highest Emperor] and is considered the number one pill master of all time. It is said that his pill-refining palace is called [Tusita Palace].” Ye Qingyu carefully recounted all of the records that flashed in his mind.

Hu Bugui suddenly nodded his head with utmost excitement. “That’s right, it’s that Pill Dao number one god. I’ve also seen his name in an ancient tomb… It’s said that his strength did not attain the Quasi-emperor realm, but by using pills he refined himself, he was able to exert battle strength comparable to that of a Martial Emperor. He refined countless types of pills during his lifetime, and his pill refining technique was near-divine. Among the myriad domains, there were a few sects which obtained a word from his pill refining technique thanks to an opportunity, and, just by using pills they refined based on that single word, they rapidly rose up and became dominant among the myriad domains.”

This chief bandit was probably too well-informed of hearsay for his own good.

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

In an ancient tomb again… this chief bandit must’ve spent all his days digging up graves.

But on second thought, he figured that what Hu Bugui said was true.

In that case, this [Highest Emperor] was frightening indeed. Just a single word of his could help a force to rise up – this level of accomplishment was truly heaven-defying.

“However, according to the records of the ancient books, the Celestial Race was wiped out because of an issue several million years ago. This sect master disappeared and was rumored to have died fighting… while his [Tusita Palace] also vanished among the Vast Thousand Domains. Could the palace we’re looking at be his ruins?” Ye Qingyu could not help having some inner suspicions.

Brimming with excitement, Hu Bugui had already shaken off the negative emotions of before. He pointed at the palace door and said, “Go go go, let’s hurry in and take a look. There might indeed be treasures belonging to that Celestial Race master! We would’ve hit the jackpot if there’re one or two divine pills in there. Ahahaha!”

“Treasures? What treasures, where?!” Little Nine, who had been lying on Ye Qingyu’s shoulders and pretending to have dozed off, immediately raised its ears upon hearing the word “treasure”, while its black briquette-like eyes gave off a gleaming radiance.

When Hu Bugui gave a gentle push on the unlocked door, a gap opened.

Like the palaces that came before, [Tusita Palace] was also completely dim and profound.

It could not be any quieter.

“Wow, so many ovens!” The silly dog exclaimed as soon as it entered the palace.

Ovens?

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui were momentarily taken aback, but soon, they were completely dumbstruck.

These are clearly pill furnaces and not ovens.

In front of them were hundreds of stone-made pill furnaces of different models and sizes!

They were all made using a kind of black stone which was similar to but not jade, sparkling and glossy like no other. At one glance, it could be seen that hundreds of them were densely arranged throughout the entire palace.

The biggest one among them was more than thirty meters tall and required twenty to thirty people joining hands to encircle, while the smallest one was half a meter tall in a slender gourd shape and required only one human arm to wrap around. The model of each furnace was also different from one another, with some round and capped, some squarish, others hexagonal with a dome top, and many more. Their handles were also unalike, with some hook-shaped, some crescent-shaped, some like floating clouds, and some like palms. There were even more varieties of the divine beast sculptures on the four sides of each furnace chamber. Apart from dragon patterns and phoenix faces, there were also head sculptures of all kinds of divine beasts, including the taotie and the pixiu.

“Could... could there really be divine pills in these furnaces?” He gulped down mouthfuls of saliva.

Ye Qingyu was also shocked.

The two of them walked over and examined carefully.

They discovered that there was something below every pill furnace. Some were the ashes left behind after the combustion of a divine material, appearing as if they had been still for a long time, while some looked like they had only been burned recently and retained a little warmth. There were also furnaces below whose strange flames flickered, burned, and jittered slightly, with no indication of how long they had been burning for.

“There are way too many furnaces here... This... I guess there might be more models of pill furnaces here than everywhere else under the sun.”

Ye Qingyu could not help sighing inwardly.

“Brother, look at the ground, quick!” Having discovered several strange things, Hu Bugui suddenly pointed at the black rock tiles in the distance.

Ye Qingyu looked toward the direction Hu Bugui was pointing in.

It was a yin-yang bagua pattern which was incomparably large and practically covered the interior surface of the entire palace. The yin-yang fish pair each occupied one side, giving off a strange and ancient aura. On close comparison, one would discover that the hundreds of furnaces were arranged according to the yin-yang bagua pattern. At the eight outermost positions of qian, kun, zhen, xun, kan, li, gen, and dui were placed eight giant furnaces, while at each of the sixty-four central positions were placed ten mid-sized furnaces. Additionally, there were hundreds of furnaces of various models and sizes distributed over the yin-yang fish pair.

The more Ye Qingyu observed, the greater the astonishment felt in his heart.

It was highly apparent that the furnaces were not casually placed and were instead strictly arranged according to the order of the yin-yang, five elements, and bagua.

Every pill furnace interacted with, complemented and juxtaposed with one another, such that shifting the position of any one furnace would probably engender a few changes. A relatively light effect was that the pill furnace would lose its spirituality and the pills within it would self-destruct. Certainly, however, the pills refined in such an array were very likely to be of the absolute highest grade in this universe.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 962:


Chapter 978 – Immortal Pill


After some hesitation, they decided that they couldn't afford to take this risk.

All three of them didn't act rashly. Neither did they move the pill furnaces.

"Hehe, there are so many pill furnaces and they all look like they are in great condition. I'm sure that they definitely contain some treasures… They might contain the medicinal pills refined by the first god of alchemy. If I manage to get my hands on one of that, I will be rich. Ha ha ha…" Hu Bugui was overjoyed and excitedly explored the area.

Little Nine was also unable to control his curiosity and had already entered the Yin-Yang Bagua Picture. He sniffed his way around and his tail wagged excitedly

They were in the [Tusita Palace].

If this was truly the legendary [Tusita Palace], they would have struck gold. They could simply pry open any pill furnace to extract a tiny bit of its medicinal pills. Even if they only managed to obtain the tiniest medicinal pill that had the ability to increase their cultivation, it would be equivalent to an expert cultivating for hundreds and thousands of years.

They had truly stumbled on some treasures.

"Old Hu Bugui, our luck must be pretty good. It looks as though no one else has been here before and we are the first visitors." Ye Qingyu soon had a brief understanding of this place after he released his divine sense and studied his surroundings.

"Ha ha ha, this sounds even better. I knew that you had a knack for finding your way around this place. I simply followed you as you walked randomly around and then we found ourselves here. It was as though this place fell right into our laps. With my many years of grave digging… ah, no, exploring, if I found myself in a maze, I would probably still be stuck inside right now. He he he, if we get our hands on the treasure later on, I’ll only take ten percent of it. The rest belongs to you!" Hu Bugui's eyes were bright and he couldn't wait to start prying open these pill furnaces.

Ye Qingyu was also a little excited.

The million-year-old soul had indeed been telling the truth.

However, it wouldn't be easy extracting the treasures from these pill furnaces.

When Ye Qingyu released his divine sense earlier, he could already tell that every single one of these pill furnaces was sealed by an ancient and mysterious divine technique. It was held together by a powerful restraining force that made opening it extremely difficult. He couldn't use his divine sense to peer inside the pill furnaces either.

"The force that has sealed the pill furnaces is both profound and mysterious. I doubt opening it would be an easy task."

Ye Qingyu surmised after he careful contemplation.

Hu Bugui gradually calmed down and reined in his excitement. He carefully examined the pill furnaces near him and saw that there was a circle of inky blue mist swirling near the mouth and the furnace of each pill furnace as though they were chained together. The force contained within the mist was ancient, mysterious and as deep as the sea. It was clearly different compared to the sealing techniques for pill furnaces used in the current era.

However, since these treasures were within their reach, they couldn't leave without collecting them.

He thought for a moment and before he decided to give it a shot.

The chief bandit put on his fighting stance and his eyes shone brightly with excitement and eagerness as he said, "Ha ha, that's not a problem. While it is true that these pill furnaces look tough to pry open but the profound sealing technique shows how important the treasures contained within it are. Now that we're already here, we must show the first god of alchemy our skills."

Then, he dug out a brownish-gold lock that was in the shape of a semi-circle. It looked a little worn and it was covered in rust as though it was a broken artifact that was dug out from a grave. Then, he muttered a string of words, "The heaven has no bounds and the earth reveal thy beams… [Golden Omen Exquisite Lock], activate!"

As though the brownish-gold lock was suddenly awakened, a wisp of brownish-gold light flew from the lock like lightning and madly surrounded the pill furnace in front of Hu Bugui.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

A grinding sound could constantly be heard, as though bronze and stone were grinding against each other.

That tiny lock unleashed a profound and subtle force that was like an extremely sharp steel knife as it slowly infiltrated the opening of the pill furnace.

"Huh?"

Hu Bugui had such a treasure?

Ye Qingyu was a little surprised.

On second thought, this bandit was often digging graves and wouldn't have been able to survive if he didn't have at least several trump cards. He probably managed to collect a large number of treasures and carry out such smooth grave digging expeditions each time because of this lock that could unlock seals.

He looked at the golden and blue swirls of mist that surrounded the pill furnace and felt a little hopeful.

Soon, Hu Bugui suddenly frowned and cried out, "It doesn't work? I can't believe it didn't work! How could this be? Little Ye Qingyu, look here. The mist above that pill furnace is extremely mysterious and it even swallowed the aura unleashed by my unlocking treasure."

Ye Qingyu looked in the direction of the pill furnace.

He saw that of the two intermingling mists earlier, only the inky-blue mist remained while the mist released by the golden lock had almost been completely swallowed. After swallowing the golden mist, the mist surrounding that pill furnace grew livelier and its aura became more abundant, as though a mysterious force that had been dormant for a long time was awakened from its hibernation.

Uh…

The seal technique was able to absorb the aura and force of the unlocking technique? This was way too peculiar!

Ye Qingyu's brows were tightly knotted and he fell into a daze as he stared at the pill furnace.

These were some extraordinary pill furnaces.

Its extraordinariness meant that the probability of it containing a precious treasure was very high.

Hu Bugui looked slightly dejected as he kept the golden lock he used to unlock things.

"It's alright. If the first plan doesn't work, I still have the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth plan. I'm sure one of them would be able to unlock this pill furnace."

He spoke as though he was trying to cheer himself on. Then, his spirits lifted and he dug out several exotic and peculiar unlocking treasures from his sleeves and magic treasure pouch and started to try them out one at a time.

…

Ten minutes later.

"This is my final unlocking treasure. I can't believe it didn't budge at all. The first god of alchemy's pill furnace is too goddamn tight!" Hu Bugui wailed, his disappointment and reluctance written all over his face as he held a magical item that was shaped like a ball in his hand.

"Woof, Mr. Gravedigger, you've failed, haven't you? If we can't do it via gentle means, let's try forcing it open then. You'll still need me to show up at the crucial moment!" Little Nine who was sniffing his way around in the corner had already completely lost his patience. It suddenly turned back and rushed over, proudly showing off his sharp teeth, its tail wagging as it walked toward the pill furnace. "Watch me, you useless gravedigger."

"You?" Hu Bugui was annoyed by its provocation. "Try opening it then, since you claim to be so good."

Little Nine looked at Hu Bugui with a mixture of contempt and disdain.

It jumped and its chubby body sailed through the air to stand near the mouth of the pill furnace. Then, it smiled "I knew you'd underestimate me. My nose has the ability to leave a mark on the Wall of Storm, so is there anything else my teeth can't open?"

"You? The Wall of Storm?" Hu Bugui looked astonished.

Although he had never left Clear River Domain, he was a very well-informed chief bandit, so he was very familiar with the legend of the Wall of Storm.

But… That dog's nose, the Wall of Storm…

Impossible!

Hu Bugui looked at Ye Qingyu with a question in his eyes.

He didn’t expect little Ye Qingyu to nod in amusement.

Was… was it true?

Did this mean that other than eating, sleeping and running away, this silly dog also had a diamond defensive body?

Shock was written all over Hu Bugui's face but he quickly recovered. No wonder so many experts were after this silly dog while they were at the Wei River Mountain Range. He thought that those people were blind then but he didn't realize that he was the blind one…

Little Nine ignored Hu Bugui's astonished gaze and immediately pounced toward the mouth of the pill furnace and started frantically gnawing on it as though it was the most delicious food in the world. It was trying to bite a hole through the seal of this pill furnace.

"Arrhwoo… Arhh arhhh arhh... woo..."

Little Nine was very excited.

However, it stopped after more than a dozen breaths and panted heavily. "Woof, oh my god. How could this be… I can't even open it with my teeth. What is this goddamn thing anyway? I gnawed at it with all my might but my teeth didn't even leave a mark!" it exclaimed in surprise.

Its dejected wails sounded similar to Hu Bugui's cries earlier.

Ye Qingyu was also rather surprised.

"Sigh, little Ye Qingyu, you're the only one who has yet to make a move amongst us. Why don't you try too?" Hu Bugui turned to Ye Qingyu and said with a sigh. He felt disappointment wash over him once more and couldn't even muster the energy to mock the silly dog.

"Yes, human, why don't you go? We’ve already laid out the foundation and loosened the restraints of the pill furnace. We'll leave the final step to you," Little Nine said shamelessly.

It obviously didn’t want to miss out on the treasure within the pill furnace either and its eyes shone fawningly.

Ye Qingyu nodded and walked up to the front of the pill furnace.

It wasn't practical to break this pill furnace since the hundreds of pill furnaces here were all interconnected. If he broke one of them, the rest would be affected. Furthermore, destroying it might cause the treasure within it to lose its spiritual energy.

He had to use the gentlest method to remove the seal.

He was silent for a short while.

Then, a plan gradually came to him.

A faint silver splendor swirled around all ten fingers on his right hand, then he started drawing in the Void.

As he continued to draw, it wasn't clear what he was drawing with each stroke he took and his drawing resembled a child's graffiti.

His fingers brushed past and the silver splendor remained in the Void.

Moments later, he only made a few strokes.

There wasn't a single energy wave.

"Woof… what are you doing? Drawing? I can do that too… sigh, human, you… Forget it. If you can't do it, then let's give up and hurry on to our next destination. We might even be able to collect some remnants of what the others have left behind," Little Nine was a little disappointed. It stretched and sprawled out in the corner.

As soon as he spoke.

Ye Qingyu drew the final stroke.

A strange silverish-grey formation appeared in the Void.

Sweat beads rolled down his forehead.

He opened his palm and suddenly pushed at this strange silverish-grey formation.

The silverish-grey formation landed on the pill furnace in front of him as though it had taken on a solid form.

In the main hall.

Crack!

A clear and melodious sound echoed through the air.

The sealing mist of the small pill furnace in front of him that was about as tall as a man suddenly disappeared mysteriously and the pill furnace lid that was shaped like a sacred tripod was slowly lifted by a strange force.

A rich and fragrant scent wafted through the entire hall.

"It… has been opened?"

Hu Bugui rushed over in disbelief.

Ye Qingyu was equally stunned. He had initially planned to give up but later suddenly recalled the one hundred eight ancient characters of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and used an occult technique from that bronze cauldron to send one of the characters toward the pill furnace.

He didn't expect it to work!

After they got over their initial shock, they were both overjoyed and rushed over to peer into the pill furnace.

Right in the middle of the pill furnace was a lotus-shaped holder made from black rock and more than a hundred light purple pills were placed within it. These pills were about the size of a longan and they were shiny and crystalline, like pearls or the moon.

All around these pills were waves of abundant Immortal qi. The mysterious fragrance was so strong that it was visible and swirled around these pills. They only sniffed a little bit of its fragrance but immediately felt refreshed and energized.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 963:


Chapter 979 – Can't Avoid the Enemy


Instantly, the fragrant scent filled the entire hall.

"These are indeed divine pills!"

Hu Bugui took one look and immediately cried out jubilantly.

Ye Qingyu also nodded his head in excitement.

This was great!

These pill furnaces truly contained divine pills.

Based on their appearance and the scent they emitted, these pills were definitely peerless medicinal pills.

Ye Qingyu reached out to collect them.

All of a sudden, a bright white light pounced toward the pill furnace from behind them with its mouth wide open. It curled its tongue and more than a dozen light purple pills were sucked into its stomach. He chewed them loudly like large beans and swallowed them all. A fragrant scent wafted from his mouth and an abundant yuan essence aura burst forth from the medicinal pills that it crushed between its teeth.

"Little Nine!"

"Silly dog!"

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui both exclaimed in horror.

"Woof! Ha ha ha!" Silly dog Little Nine stood next to the pill furnace after it pulled off its sneak attack and chewed the divine pills with all its might. After it swallowed them in one mouthful, it shot them a smug smile.

It had already formulated this plan earlier and had lain in wait for the right moment to snatch those pills the moment the lid of the pill furnace was opened.

"Woof… obviously, only a divine dog like myself would be worthy of eating these divine pills, ha ha ha. Human, you are too foolish!" Then, its eyes turned furtively and it suddenly turned to charge toward the black lotus plate once more.

However, this time Ye Qingyu caught it in time.

"Little Nine." He reached out to grab it by its neck and hauled it away from the lotus plate.

This dog was simply recklessly wasting these divine pills. It even swallowed so many of those pills in one shot.

Furthermore, they had yet to figure out what exactly were the effects of these pills.

Hu Bugui quickly carefully collected the remaining ninety over pills with an indignant look on his face. He looked at the silly dog disdainfully and yelled, "You… I can't believe these divine pills of the highest quality were used to feed a dog! It is practically a crime that these pills were wasted and you still swallowed them all. Those pills are totally wasted on you!"

Ye Qingyu was also dumbfounded and casually flung Little Nine aside.

He should have known this silly dog would harbor designs on the pills. What a waste of those good pills.

Little Nineg leaned against the legs of the pill furnace. It wasn't angry but shot a proud sidelong glance at the both of them as it retorted, "What do you mean by saying those pills are wasted on me? Ah? Chief bandit, what are you trying to say? Woof, I'm a divine dog too so these pills were meant for me. You are the one who isn't worthy of these pills. Ha ha ha, those who make the first move will be at a advantage. He he, these pills are extremely potent. Ha ha ha, I can feel a surge of warm qi flowing from my stomach to my head. Woof, I'm about to become an Immortal, ha ha ha ha…"

It was extremely excited.

Hu Bugui gnashed his teeth in annoyance.

Then, something odd happened.

Little Nine's eyes suddenly darkened and its body stiffened. Its limbs started to twitch uncontrollably and mouthfuls of white foam frothed from its mouth.

"Uh… why do I feel like my entire body is going numb? Am I really going to become an Immortal? Uh… I can't move anymore… Boo hoo hoo," before it could finish his sentence, its face filled with surprise as the realization hit it. Its eyes widened and it foamed madly from its mouth. It froze on the spot as though it had been fossilized, just like it was dead.

What was happening?

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui were astonished.

Was Little Nine trying to trick them again?

Its acting was far too realistic for it to be pretending. They clearly sensed that there was no energy wave emitting from Little Nine at all and even his life force had disappeared. It was definitely not putting on an act.

Ye Qingyu was also shocked and quickly went to check on it.

When he touched it, he realized that Little Nine's body was still warm.

As his palm pressed against its stomach, he could clearly feel its heartbeat. He placed his hand under the dog's nose and could also feel it breathing. It seemed like Little Nine was still alive and it wasn't dead yet.

Upon closer observation, he noticed that Little Nine's eyes were still turning around.

It was clearly conscious and in a state of panic, but for some reason, it was unable to move.

Ye Qingyu thought it was extremely odd that Little Nine's vital signs had completely disappeared and he didn't show any signs of life. If he didn't touch it but instead observed it with his divine sense or his naked eyes, he would have definitely thought that Little Nine was dead for it was no different from a rock.

This was really strange.

"Could those Immortal pills be poisoned?" Hu Bugui said uncertainly.

"I don't think so," Ye Qingyu said as he shook his head. "No one knows how long these pill furnaces have been at [Tusita Palace] and their seal looked as though it was from the Fiendgod Age, so if these pills were indeed poisoned, Little Nine would have already lost its life…" Ye Qingyu said as he took a purple Immortal pill from Hu Bugui's hand and examined it carefully.

He was also extremely knowledgeable when it came to the art of alchemy.

Moments later—

"This isn't a poison pill and there's no poison in it," Ye Qingyu said confidently. "It contains a shocking power and shreds of the power of laws. It does indeed look like the work of the god of alchemy back then. Medicinal pills are categorized into medicinal pills, spiritual pills and divine pills. These pills are definitely divine pills but I'm still not sure what exactly its effects are."

Hu Bugui breathed a sigh of relief at Ye Qingyu's words.

Although he had always been bickering with Little Nine, he still thought of it as his friend.

Ye Qingyu dug out a jade bottle and split the remaining pills into four portions. The first three portions were the same but the fourth portion was slightly lesser than the previous three. Then he said, "We've entered this place together with brother Nan Tieyi and this dog so we will split all the treasures we've obtained by four. Since this silly dog had already eaten seventeen pills earlier, it will receive a smaller portion of these pills and I'll keep brother Nan Tieyi's pills on his behalf. What do you think of this, brother Hu Bugui?"

Hu Bugui was stunned and said, "This… is too much. All I've done was to follow you and I didn't even do anything. Three pills will be enough for me."

Ye Qingyu smiled and didn’t make any further explanations as he passed Hu Bugui's portion to him, "Please don't stand on ceremony, brother Hu Bugui."

Hu Bugui couldn’t dissuade him, so he accepted the pills.

"Hm, the pills within this pill furnace are a little odd. They contain the essence of the laws but there are obvious side-effects after ingesting them. Um, I'll name them Deathlike Pills. One will fall into a deathlike coma after ingesting them which is a strange effect but if taken well, it might even produce miraculous effects," Ye Qingyu said contemplatively.

He placed the stiff silly dog on his shoulder, then continued to observe the other pill furnaces.

He quickly followed his earlier example and employed the occult technique engraved within the one hundred eight ancient characters on the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to break the seal and open another pill furnace.

This pill furnace was slightly bigger than the pill furnace he opened earlier but it contained fewer pills. There were approximately sixty pills and each pill was as big as a longan. They were dark green in color just like round pearls carved from jade and they were so shiny that he could see his reflection. There were markings inside those pills that resembled Bodhi trees and they looked extremely beautiful. Every single pill emitted abundant life energy, as though it was alive.

"It is as green as jade and its life energy as abundant as the ocean. The pills within this pill furnace seem to be divine pills that could replenish one's energy," Ye Qingyu mused after carefully examining them.

Hu Bugui was full of smiles as well.

However, after what had happened to Little Nine earlier, they didn't dare to eat those pills recklessly.

Little Nine's body was still frozen stiff and it lay prone on Ye Qingyu's shoulder but its eyes roved hungrily as it stared at those dark green divine pills. Unfortunately, it wasn't able to eat those pills and saliva dripped from its mouth. It regretted its earlier decision to eat those Deathlike Pills. Now that he was in this frozen and deathlike state, it couldn't eat anything at all but could only stare helplessly at those pills and it was consumed with remorse.

Ye Qingyu ignored the silly dog and divided these pills into four portions, just as he did earlier. Then, he handed Hu Bugui one portion.

He then continued to open the other pill furnaces.

Soon, thirty minutes had passed.

He had opened six consecutive pill furnaces and found pills of a variety of colors and auras. The things these pills had in common was that all these pills exuded abundant Immortal qi and emitted a fragrant scent that refreshed one's senses. One whiff of this fragrance was enough to make both of them feel refreshed and energetic. Their inner yuan flowed even more smoothly and their yuan qi had also visibly increased.

"Ha ha ha…"Hu Bugui was beaming brightly. He was so elated that he could no longer speak but merely laughed foolishly.

Ye Qingyu had to take a short break.

After all, he had to utilize the occult technique from the one hundred eight ancient characters consistently, so it had taken a considerable strain on him.

Moments later—

Ye Qingyu opened the ninth pill furnace.

This was the largest pill furnace amongst those that he had opened thus far and the moment the lid lifted, a crimson red divine radiance shot out from it. This red flowing light flew in all directions from this pill furnace toward the depths of the Bagua Formation…

"Oh no." Hu Bugui was shocked.

Fortunately, Ye Qingyu had been prepared. His body flashed, then he captured this red radiance in his hand.

The light in his hand burned like hot coals but on a closer look, he saw that it was a round pill that was as red as fire. Its outer layer swirled with flames and clouds as though it was delicately carved with a thin pen, and it seemed hollow inside. He could vaguely make out red flames that roared brightly within it. It was extremely magical.

"This is the finished product of a divine pill."

Ye Qingyu was stunned for a moment, then exhilaration washed over him.

Although the pills that he had obtained from the earlier eight pill furnaces were also divine pills of varying shapes, colors and auras, they were considered lower grade divine pills because they merely contained shreds of the power of laws. However, the power of laws contained within this fiery red medicinal pill was very much complete. It was truly the finished product of a divine pill.

The red flames beneath the outer layer of this medicinal pill were the complete laws of fire.

The pill master who refined this pill must have been extremely remarkable to be able to refine the laws of flames and contain them within this pill.

This pill would be the ultimate tonic to any expert who cultivated fire style martial arts techniques. It could even be considered a most precious treasure.

Ye Qingyu who was a pill master himself knew that the true potential of this fiery divine pill didn't lie in ingesting it but its potential lay in battle.

Yes, it could be used in battle!

Those who weren't familiar with alchemy would assume that all medicinal pills were meant for consumption but they didn't know that there was a type of divine pill that was different from the ordinary divine pills. They contained the concentrated essence of laws and could be used as divine weapons to become precious battle treasures. A true master alchemist merely needed to possess some pill controlling secret technique to be able to activate this fiery divine pill and utilize its laws of fire to kill the enemy.

This was the true mystery behind the divine pill.

The fiery divine pill in his hand was a battle divine pill.

Unfortunately, it was the only one of its kind.

Ye Qingyu looked at Hu Bugui.

Hu Bugui got a fright and immediately waved his hands. "Don't look at me, I don't want that… there's only one divine pill so it should be yours. I've already gained loads from following you so it'd be inhumane if I continued extracting treasures from you. Even if you give it to me, I wouldn't be shameless enough to accept it… It's yours, it's yours. Take it. To be honest, I prefer the process of hunting for treasure as compared to obtaining the actual treasure itself. It's exciting and risky! Ha ha ha!"

Ye Qingyu smiled.

Old Hu Bugui was right.

Even if he gave this fiery battle divine pill to Hu Bugui, he would not be able to wield it to its fullest potential.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu did not argue any further and kept this divine pill for himself.

He still hadn't found the technique to control this fiery battle divine pill but from his discoveries earlier, he believed that the answer would lie within the occult techniques of the one hundred eight ancient characters. He had always felt that this [Cloud Top Cauldron] was way too mysterious and contained huge secrets. Just this one hundred eight ancient characters occult technique would be enough to perform miraculous feats.

"Hm? There are other things within this pill furnace…"

Hu Bugui peered into the ninth pill furnace and discovered something new. He reached inside and dug out some residue out of curiosity. The residue he dug out were like wood shavings. They were slightly damp and emitted a mysterious fragrance. They were crimson red in color with rich fire power. The moment he dug these residues out of the pill furnace, abundant energy surged like the ocean.

Ye Qingyu was elated when he saw that.

"This is the residue from the pill refining process. They still contain their divine properties and are definitely considered treasures. They make great tonics with the ability to affect one's cultivation and are comparable to divine-level origin crystals," he said with a smile. "Brother Hu Bugui, you may take the divine residue. I'm sure you'll put them to good use."

"Alright!" Hu Bugui didn't stand on ceremony this time.

He reached out to continue digging out the residue from the pill furnace.

Just then ——

Swish!

A ray of flowing light that was full of killing intent charged toward them and completely shrouded Hu Bugui within it.

Ye Qingyu turned pale, "Watch out…"

Someone had launched a sneak attack.

Ye Qingyu hastily raised his hand to catch the flowing light with his bare hands.

"am!

There was a muffled sound.

The flowing light exploded Ye Qingyu's palm to reveal a yuan qi dagger.

"Hm?" There was a shocked exclamation from the entrance of the main hall.

Then, the door to the main hall opened and a group of people entered the hall.

Their leader was a young and handsome man with an arrogant attitude. His eyes were filled with unmistakable contempt and disdain.

This was the young man who had arrogantly proclaimed that Ye Qingyu was not fit to enter the Reincarnation Hall before the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor descended and also declared that he would kill Ye Qingyu.

it was truly a small world – one just had to run into the enemy.

They had met here again.

"I can't believe both of you useless beings managed to find the [Tusita Palace]. That was just dumb luck. Sadly, it would end right now. I proclaim that everything within this place is now mine. Ha ha ha, I see that nine pill furnaces have been opened. You must have taken the treasures within it, right? Hand them over right now. My patience is limited," the young man said with a cold smile as he crossed his arms over his chest. He looked extremely confident and he said disdainfully, "After you hand over the treasures you have obtained, go ahead and commit suicide. I'll leave your bodies whole out of goodwill, otherwise… ha ha!"

As he spoke, the twenty or thirty men behind him quietly fanned out to seal all routes of escape.

Ye QIngyu and Hu Bugui were completely surrounded.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 964:


Chapter 980 - Do You Know Who You've Killed?


"We discovered this place first," Hu Bugui said, his face darkening. "If you claim that those who stumble upon this treasure also deserve a piece of it, we might consider giving some of it to you but don't you think that you are going too far? Not only did you demand the treasures, but our lives as well?"

"You're not worthy," the young man said with a smirk.

"We're not worthy?" Hu Bugui laughed coldly. "You must be an idiot then. Without us, you wouldn't have been able to even open these pill furnaces and now you're demanding the pills? Dream on."

Hu Bugui didn't want to openly offend this group of people, since there were so many of them and they all seemed very powerful. If these people were to attack them, he didn't think that he'd be of much help to Ye Qingyu. Little Nine who was supposed to be part of their frontline was now in a deathlike state on Ye Qingyu's shoulder, so Ye Qingyu was now their only hope. He was also worried that if they exchanged blows, the resulting tremors could cause extensive damages to the Immortal pills within the pill furnaces in the palace.

"Ha ha, since you two useless beings could open the pill furnaces, why wouldn't I be able to do so myself?" The young man looked at them with a mocking glint in his eye as though he was cruelly toying with a rat. "My patience is running out. I guess both of you will not be convinced unless I take drastic measures. You must not want to die a quick death..."

Before he finished speaking—

A cold smile appeared on Ye Qingyu's face.

"You're too noisy... My patience has run out a long time ago."

Then, a red glow appeared in his palm.

It swirled with divine splendor.

Piercing sword will filled the Void.

Everyone felt a chill run down their spines.

"Protect the pill furnaces." He shot Hu Bugui a look before he attacked.

Hu Bugui chanted an ancient incantation and the emperor qi tile appeared. Misty green light spilled from the tile and its ancient and mysterious aura spread everywhere like silk strips to envelop the pill furnaces within the Bagua Formation. His emperor qi tile was a broken one, so it didn't have any attacking abilities but its defenses were impenetrable. Obviously, a large amount of yuan qi was needed to activate this tile; given Hu Bugui's current cultivation and the large area this green glow was covering, he wouldn't be able to last very long.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu had to end the battle as soon as possible.

He immediately summoned the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

At his mental command, ten thousand swords appeared.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] was guided by his will and transformed into ten thousand rays of blood red sword formations, which contained countless rays of Divine Emperor sword will. Then, these formations shot out like a comet from his palm, as if ten thousand shooting stars were racing through the skies, as they all headed toward the handsome young man and his cronies.

"Hm? How dare you attack me!" The handsome young man's face immediately darkened. "You must be tired of living... Come on, capture him alive. I'm going to torture him until he begs for mercy."

The handsome young man retreated slightly.

The experts by his side immediately stepped forward and attacked.

These experts were all Saints; the moment they attacked, the skies were filled with intermingling Saint markings, evolving from the power of laws as the dense yuan qi formations transformed into knives, swords, jade plates, gourds, axes, shuttles, mountains, rivers and many other things that charged at Ye Qingyu from the surrounding area. These Saint experts had a wealth of combat experience. They were silent and vicious, with their attacks practically in sync. It was clear that they were experienced troops and they were as disciplined as the army.

Ye Qingyu was also shocked.

But this shock only lasted a brief moment.

The Saint transformations and the sword will from his [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] collided madly against each other, releasing a series of metallic clangs. Thousands of rays of crimson light immediately retracted upon impact as though they were alive to return to Ye Qingyu's hands. The light gathered to form a big and heavy blood-colored sword.

"[Sword Tempest]!"

Once the sword was in his hand, he quickly exerted the [Sixth Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way].

His current physical cultivation was comparable to a Great Saint and was almost at the peak of perfection, so activating the [Limitless Divine Way] didn't require much effort at all. The divine splendor from his body surged and its light beams were like rainbows. He used his mysterious technique, the [Void Walking] technique to instantly appear like a ghost in front of the two Saint realm experts at the very front of the pack. He waved his [Blood Drinker Sword] and its [Sword Tempest] roared forth wildly. In a flash of crimson light, two heads were sent flying into the sky.

Those two Saints were killed before they could even react.

The strange markings on the [Blood Drinker Sword] flashed as the boundless [Sword Tempest] swept through their corpses; their blood qi, yuan essence and all of their energies were instantly extracted and absorbed into the sword. Those two corpses immediately looked like dried up sand statues and started to disintegrate, then disappeared into the Void like burning embers.

"What?"

The handsome young man was shocked.

He didn't even manage to sense how Ye Qingyu had attacked earlier.

Ye Qingyu had managed to kill two Saints with one stroke of his sword, destroying both their physical bodies as well as their spirits. He was indeed a little terrifying.

If a Saint's body was destroyed under normal circumstances, he had the ability to reconstruct it. This was why it was very difficult for a Saint to kill a fellow Saint on the same level. Only a Great Saint or a Quasi-emperor would have the ability to instantly kill Saints by drawing on the power of laws. However, everyone could tell that Ye Qingyu was only at the lower Saint realm, so how did he manage to achieve such a feat?

What's going on?

Before the handsome young man could even analyze the situation further, Ye Qingyu was already charging toward him at maximum speed.

"Protect the young lord!" The remaining Saints were all shocked and angered at the deaths of their comrades and the failure of their attacks. They unleashed their magical abilities that were hurtled toward Ye Qingyu like lightning. Four of them stood in front of the handsome young man while the remaining Saints joined forces to launch another attack on him.

Ye Qingyu smiled coldly and he swept his [Blood Drinker Sword] in a circular arc.

He continued to use the [Sword Tempest].

The joint attacks of the dozens of Saints were instantly destroyed by the boundless red sword radiance, as quick as cutting through tofu.

One sword could destroy everything.

He used his mysterious technique, the [Void Walking] technique, once again to easily extract himself from the dozens of Saints who encircled him and arrived in front of the handsome young man.

A mocking smile spread across his face and he slashed out with his [Blood Drinker Sword]. He continued to use the [Sword Tempest], activating the third move from the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General] with his Divine Emperor sword will to unleash incredible power. Furthermore, he was still in the state of the [Sixth Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], so his combat strength was unbelievably strong. The four Saints protecting the handsome young man were instantly killed like mantises trying to stop a chariot. All their blood qi and life energies were absorbed by the [Blood Drinker Sword] and their bodies transformed into grey ash that disappeared into the Void as if they had been reduced to ashes after a fire.

Ye Qingyu's attack was unstoppable.

These Saints were like defenseless animals in front of Ye Qingyu and were slaughtered mercilessly.

Everyone, including Hu Bugui, was shocked.

"Damn it!" the handsome young man bellowed. A powerful force burst forth from his body, knocking aside several Saints who were protecting him. "All of you are embarrassing me. I'll face him myself... [Wandering Dragon Cloud Sucking Spear], come out!" He reached into the Void with a flip of his hand and a long spear that took on the shape of a golden wandering dragon appeared in his hand. The carving of the wandering dragon climbed all over the spear’s body; its shaft appeared from the mouth of the golden dragon. Three feet of translucent jade green-colored spear radiance spewed from its mouth that seemed to solidify. It breathed out this spear radiance in spurts and this radiance contained destructive Chaos killing intent.

This was a divine spear.

Ye Qingyu was rather surprised. This was probably what made that young man so arrogant.

The divine spear in his hand and his peak Saint yuan qi cultivation meant that he was probably as powerful as the Four Stars holy girl or the Third Prince of the Mizar Race.

However…

"Are you really going to show off your spear skills in front of me?"

Back when Ye Qingyu was still at White Deer Academy, he was known for his spear skills. The first combat technique he managed to learn in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] was the [Four Moves of the Golden Armored King]. It was the most powerful spear technique and was derived from the essence of tens and thousands of basic spear techniques in the world. Although he had mainly switched over to sword techniques, he didn't neglect his spear skills. There was also a technique known as the [Four Moves of Cold Rays] in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart] that was also a spear technique. He had also learned that technique so his spear skills could be considered the best amongst the younger generation of martial artists.

The handsome young man attacked and his spear force was like a raging dragon. He had clearly cultivated a divine spear combat technique.

His cultivation and combat techniques combined with this divine spear were truly extraordinary.

This even affected the green rays from Hu Bugui's emperor qi tile which rippled slightly, shaken by the handsome young man's powerful force.

An ordinary Saint wouldn't have been able to survive when confronted with such formidable spear skills.

Unfortunately, his opponent was Ye Qingyu.

Not only that, he had encountered a Ye Qingyu who wanted the battle to end as soon as possible.

"[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike]!"

He held the [Blood Drinker Sword] with both hands and its crimson flames flashed from his palm and the hilt of his sword. He moved so quickly that only his shadow could be seen, immediately figuring out the weak point of that man's spear technique. He moved forward and broke past the man's spear force. Then, he raised his sword and slashed it down with a force that could cut the heavens open.

The handsome young man switched moves and turned his long spear horizontally to block the move.

Ding!

Sparks flew everywhere.

There was an explosion of terrifying power and the force hit the handsome young man so hard that a blood arrow spurted from his mouth. His eyes were filled with astonishment for he was unable to figure out how a lower Saint like Ye Qingyu could muster up such terrifying strength. He suddenly felt dread creep into his heart. However, before he could even react, he suddenly felt his inner yuan stop and his entire cultivation seemed to be suppressed, which caused the pent-up spear force to break apart.

A ray of red sword light flashed past his eyes.

"No...!" he cried out for the last time before his throat was slashed.

The next moment, he saw a vast blood-colored divine splendor as it was being extracted from his body and absorbed into the [Blood Drinker Sword].

The handsome young man's body became a dried up corpse that remained standing on the spot.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] buzzed and vibrated after it swallowed the blood-colored divine splendor from that handsome young man's body. It reacted like a tipsy burly man who had drunk his fill and continued to vibrate unceasingly. It then released a satisfied sword cry that echoed throughout the main hall and its mysterious blood-colored ancient formation markings lit up, releasing a mist that swirled around its sword body. It looked extremely peculiar, as though it was either undergoing a strange transformation or it was digesting something.

Silence fell upon the entire area.

The remaining twenty or so Saints were completely dumbfounded.

How could that be?

How did their young lord die by a single blow?

Uh... all hell was about to break loose.

"Did... did you know who you've just killed?" One of the Saints looked at Ye Qingyu as though he was looking at a dead man walking. He lost his composure and screamed wildly. "You... you're definitely doomed and so will every single person who knows you. The domain you belong to will be completely destroyed!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

