Chapter 1297:


Chapter 1310 - The Same Person

Ye Qingyu's heart leapt wildly.

He felt that he had used up all of his lifetime's shock on this day.

This person is actually Ye Chongsheng?

He's actually Ye Chongsheng?

But, if he's Ye Chongsheng, why is he so similar in appearance to the Divine Light Emperor?

Could it be that he's a worshipper of the Divine Light Emperor, and thus created and developed a physical body that's identical to him? But this doesn't make sense. For a person of such extraordinary talent like Ye Chongsheng, even if he worshipped someone, he certainly wouldn't use a method like this to express his reverence. This is totally akin to becoming a dependent of the worshipped.

"Are you intending to ask me why I have a physical body of the Divine Light Emperor even though I'm not him?" Ye Chongsheng asked gigglingly, completely devoid of the bearing of an ancestral leader.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He had too many doubts and conundrums that he did not know how to ask about, and so he felt that he might as well listen to what Ye Chongsheng had to say.

The latter stood up from the futon and stretched his waist before looking at Ye Qingyu. "Actually, you're wrong. This physical body is of myself, and not of the Divine Light Emperor."

Ye Qingyu raised his eyebrows.

Ye Chongsheng had a teasing look on his face. "I know you're now going to ask why I look so similar to the Divine Light Emperor, such that we're completely like the same person, right?"

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Ye Chongsheng guffawed, "Haha, listen well. You'll definitely be shocked after you know the answer. This is a secret that even Divine General Zhi, Divine General Jue, and the others have no idea about. Haha, they'd probably freak out if they knew... Hey, do you need to take a deep breath and calm yourself down before I tell you?"

Ye Qingyu's heart leapt.
It's not surprising that Ye Chongsheng knows about Divine General Zhi and the others, for he'd originally only risen up thanks to the assistance provided by the Six Great Divine Generals and the spirit monkey battle companion. However, exactly what secret would cause the Six Great Divine Generals to go mad if they knew about it?

He recalled Divine General Zhi's words. During the initial phase of Ye Chongsheng's rise, everything was as envisaged and anticipated by the Six Great Divine Generals. Subsequently, however, for reasons unknown, Ye Chongsheng became a different person and began doing several things that the Six Great Divine Generals could not understand, and everything began to spiral out of control.

Could it be that the answer and secret that Ye Chongsheng is going to tell me now are related to his strange changes?

As Ye Qingyu thought about this, a sense of expectation and gravity formed in his heart for real.

At the same time, he discovered that this Ye Chongsheng was clearly a chatterbox, completely unlike what he imagined.

"Haha, relax, don't worry." The smile on Ye Chongsheng's face was highly punchable, and was fairly similar to that of the bastardy fat man Wang Lijin. Looking and smiling at Ye Qingyu, he said, "Actually, the answer is very simple, and that is..." At this point, he deliberately increased the suspense by pausing for a moment and taking another look at Ye Qingyu's expressions. He noticed that the latter was indeed looking back at him with a face of expectation, and so he casually continued, "Because Ye Chongsheng is also the Divine Light Emperor. Since the start, the Divine Light Emperor and Ye Chongsheng has always been one and the same person. Hahahaha, surprising, eh?"

With that, he guffawed proudly, expecting to see Ye Qingyu's dumbstruck expressions.

Ye Qingyu was indeed astonished.

This answer was simply quite epoch-shaking.

"How... is this possible? Didn't the Divine Light Emperor... already... pass away back then?" Ye Qingyu asked in reply. He was a little skeptical of this answer.
If Ye Chongsheng and the Divine Light Emperor are the same person, how could the Six Great Divine Generals and the spirit monkey battle companion not know? I clearly saw in Lan Tian's memory world that the Divine Light Emperor lost all cultivation and power, becoming much like an ordinary old person and eventually dissipating between heaven and earth like a wisp of dust being carried away by the wind.

Stroking his chin, Ye Chongsheng admired Ye Qingyu's expressions for a moment. "Haha, death is reincarnation, and reincarnation is death. You must've seen the memories in Lan Tian's body, eh? Hahaha, did you not see that at the very moment when the Six Great Divine Generals entered reincarnation, they also seemed to die?"

Ye Qingyu instantly understood what he meant.

"Are you saying that... the Divine Light Emperor did not truly pass away, but entered reincarnation instead? Thereafter... he reincarnated to become Ye Chongsheng?" Ye Qingyu asked in exclamation.

Ye Chongsheng nodded. "You've finally understood a little."

Ye Qingyu became silent.

This secret was even more epoch-shaking than any possibility Ye Qingyu had conceived . He had never thought that Ye Chongsheng would be the reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor. Although it sounded unbelievable, he began to feel that it was not impossible on second thought.

After all, Ye Chongsheng was so amazingly talented and so superior to all eternity. There was certainly nobody in the history of the Vast Thousand Domains who could do all that he had done. As Ye Qingyu had judged earlier, Ye Chongsheng's historical achievements were, to some degree, even greater than those of the Divine Light Emperor.

Yet, why would such a great and brilliant person emerge from among troubled times so suddenly and without warning? Even with the assistance provided by the Six Great Divine Generals, there was no guarantee that he would grow to this extent. After all, the Six Great Divine Generals themselves were unable to reach such heights.

Since he was the reincarnation of the Divine Light Emperor, everything started to make sense.

An idea suddenly flashed across Ye Qingyu's mind.
Could it be that the Divine Light Emperor had already planned everything in full and was making preparations for his own reincarnation when he arranged for the Six Great Divine Generals and the spirit monkey battle companion to undergo reincarnation?

Back then, after the collapse of the Divine Light Court, the Divine Light Emperor slept in the small world of light for more than three hundred years. It now seemed that he was not completely unconscious while sleeping, and was not merely storing up energy in order to plot against the Sky Emperor. Instead, he was already making plans for the next life. In other words, to the Divine Light Emperor back then, the Sky Emperor was not the most terrifying person. Instead, his true enemies were the invading Fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time. This was why, after reincarnating as Ye Chongsheng, he made new arrangements, created the Dark Realm, and subsequently formulated the formations of the one hundred eight ancient characters in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, thereby developing a set of mysterious formation techniques that could truly suppress the Fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time.

As Divine Generals Zhi and Jue had said, after entering reincarnation and beginning a new life, there would be a period of time during which the memory from the previous life could not be awakened. Based on this point, it was not hard to see why Ye Chongsheng suddenly broke free from the control of the Six Great Divine Generals. Clearly, after reincarnation, he awakened the awareness of the Divine Light Emperor, and thus began to lay the foundations for the bigger picture. In the eyes of the Six Great Divine Generals, it was as if Ye Chongsheng had suddenly become a different person, leaving them baffled.

In this case, everything seems to make logical sense, no?

But why didn't Ye Chongsheng tell the Six Great Divine Generals the truth after awakening the memory of the Divine Light Emperor?

Besides, why did Ye Chongsheng abandon the Ye clan's palace and the Dark Realm after laying all these foundations... and then disappeared among this world completely? Was it really just because the Sky Emperor's long-plotted subversion caused the Emperors in the Dark Realm to rebel?

Ye Qingyu absolutely would not believe that the Divine Light Emperor would not guard against the Sky Emperor, given that Ye Chongsheng was his reincarnation. As the saying goes, a fall into the pit, a gain in your wit. Back then, the reason why the Sky Emperor could succeed on the first rebellion was that he was the Divine Light Emperor's most trusted subordinate. However, by Ye Chongsheng's time, the Sky Emperor had already become a visible enemy, and thus it was impossible that Ye Chongsheng would not guard against him.

Seeing that the expressions on Ye Qingyu's face were constantly changing, enlightened one moment yet confused the next, Ye Chongsheng crossed his arms and grinned as he leaned against a wall. His eyes were brimming with ridicule, indicating that he was highly appreciative of Ye Qingyu's uneasiness.

It took a long while before he spoke again, "I know what you're thinking. Haha, I can give you all the answers you want. Back then, after I planned everything painstakingly, I realized that my preparations were still rather inadequate, and was therefore unable to push back the mass intrusion of the fiendgods from a different space-time. Besides, I still hadn't gotten rid of a few inner demons, and continued to miss my hometown despite having gone through reincarnation... That's why I was still not confident of victory during this life as Ye Chongsheng, and had no choice but to enter a new incarnation."

"A new incarnation?" Ye Qingyu's mind lit up abruptly.

Ye Chongsheng laughed out loud, "Haha, of course, if Monkey Sun and the rest can undergo reincarnation time after time, then I certainly can as well. Besides, hahaha... I might as well tell you that this life as Ye Chongsheng isn't my first reincarnation."

The ray of light in Ye Qingyu's mind became ever brighter, as if it would soon purge all of the darkness. "You're saying..."

"Haha, you should know about the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors." Ye Chongsheng gave a you-know look.

Ye Qingyu felt his breath become short. "Are you saying that the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were also your reincarnations? This.... this... this is..." He began to stammer.

"Bingo, you're right." Ye Chongsheng snapped his fingers frivolously.

Ye Qingyu was completely taken aback.

Had it been anyone else who offered such an epoch-shaking explanation, they would certainly be deemed to have gone mad. However, it came from the mouth of Ye Chongsheng - although his expressions did not look too reliable, Ye Qingyu knew that he was telling the truth instead of bullshitting.

Are the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors really the reincarnations of the Divine Light Emperor?

In... In that case, are the Destined One, whom the Six Great Divine Generals and Sun Wukong found, and most of the supreme experts whom they assisted also reincarnations of the Divine Light Emperor? No, it's even possible that all of them are.

Jesus!

This is definitely the most incredible thing of all time.

An extraordinary secret that even the Six Great Divine Generals don't know about.

Simply unbelievable.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1298:


Chapter 1311 - Life Answer

Ye Qingyu looked at Ye Chongsheng with difficulty.

In his mind, he had slowly digested the meanings of the words of many different people, as well as the tremendous significance of this information.

An epoch-shaking kind of significance.

A kind of significance that could rewrite the history of the entire world.

A kind of significance that could restate the historical truths of the Vast Thousand Domains over the past ten million years.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu really wanted to laugh out loud and rebut Ye Chongsheng's words.

But reason informed him that all of this was true.

After the collapse of the Divine Light Court, the Vast Thousand Domains entered a long age of darkness, one in which beings suffered great misery, slaughter, and death. The formation martial civilization nearly collapsed amid the flames of war. Each time the Six Great Divine Generals and others awakened from reincarnation, they would find a so-called Destined One to fix this chaotic world. Thanks to their efforts during each life, this dark age was finally ended, while new otherworldly talents of the Human Race, such as the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, were nurtured, thereby allowing this world to get back on the right track.

But, in reality, the present situation was only brought about because the Divine Light Emperor used his incarnations and his power to reshape this world ceaselessly.

Perhaps, allowing the Six Great Divine Generals and the spirit monkey battle companion Sun Wukong to enter reincarnation was all along the preparation he made for future generations. In particular, before the Divine Light Emperor awakened his memory post-reincarnation, he needed the assistance and support of the Six Great Divine Generals.

Ye Qingyu looked at Ye Chongsheng.

The latter was looking at him with a grin.

He could feel the good-willed mockery in the latter's eyes.

He was not bothered by this sort of thing anymore.

This was because he remembered something else.

He remembered the peerless War God.

Both Divine Generals Zhi and Jue had said that the Destined Ones they found during each incarnation were the incarnations of the Divine Light Emperor. But how about the peerless War God?
He is a Destined One whom the Six Great Divine Generals found during this life, and has been recognized by them as the most amazingly talented Destined One since the Divine Light Emperor and Ye Chongsheng. Doesn't this prove that the peerless War God is also an incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor?

This mysterious character who seems to be my true father... Is he actually an incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor?

In that case, I'm actually a descendant of the Divine Light Emperor, and might even be his natural son?

This idea popped up in Ye Qingyu's mind, causing him to involuntarily become flabbergasted once again.

This... this is too... unbelievable.

At this point, he raised his head and looked at Ye Chongsheng again.

The latter laughed. "You don't have to say a word. I know what you want to ask. Were you about to ask me whether the person who built the Light Palace in the Snow Empire and gained the support and recognition of the Six Great Divine Generals is also an incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor?"

Ye Qingyu nodded.

"My answer is..." Ye Chongsheng continued to grin at him. "That's right, the peerless War God is an incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor. I'm the 106th incarnation, while he's the 107th."

Indeed.

Astonished inside, Ye Qingyu had known that Ye Chongsheng would surely say this.

However, there was actually a logical contradiction within.

"If he's the 107th incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor, what about you? Since you're the previous incarnation, why would there be the peerless War God when you're still alive?" Ye Qingyu asked.

As complicated as reincarnation sounded, there was an eternally unalterable principle - there could only be a new incarnation after the previous incarnation had died and entered reincarnation. This was much the same as the reincarnation in the supernatural legends. If the previous incarnation had not died and reincarnated, there could not be the next incarnation.

As the saying goes, the new cannot come when the old has not gone.

This was immutable.

Ye Chongsheng clapped his hands and guffawed, "Haha, who told you that I'm still alive?"

Taken aback, Ye Qingyu frowned at once.

Ye Chongsheng continued, "What you see isn't always true. Given your current cultivation and vision, you should be able to tell that the me in front of you has neither vitality nor blood qi nor energy. If it wasn't for the fact that your eyes can see me, you would definitely not be able to sense me, as powerful as you are. Don't you think so?"

Ye Qingyu nodded.

"That's why, what your eyes see are nothing but a spiritual projection. You aren't talking to the true Ye Chongsheng, but only a wisp of his spirit that fortunately remains in this world instead. Although it can talk just like a real person, it isn't a true living creature," Ye Chongsheng said with a smile.

"But I can touch the true presence of your body," Ye Qingyu said.

He could certainly feel the strangeness of Ye Chongsheng's state, and that was why he had suspected that the figure before him was something like a hologram formation projection. The problem was that the physical body before him truly existed, and he could touch it by reaching out a hand. This was something truly tangible rather than virtual, and was why he questioned with uncertainty.

"Oh, you mean this body?" Ye Chongsheng laughed even more delightedly, rubbing his face and then crossing his arms. "I'm just borrowing it for a while. The silver glow that inerrantly led you here from the labyrinth is my true self. As for this body... it's the ultimate being attainable by the formation martial way in this world for tens of millions of years, and is the most powerful treasure between heaven and earth, without equal."

"Oh?" Ye Qingyu did not really understand.

When I just came here, the body was unmistakably as unmoving as a statue, and only came to life abruptly when the wisp of silver glow zipped into it. In this way, what Ye Chongsheng said is right. It's that wisp of silver glow that has been talking to me.

But what did he mean when he said that this body is the all-time most powerful treasure between heaven and earth?

He could not comprehend this point.

He looked at Ye Chongsheng and waited for further explanation.

But the latter did not elaborate, and instead changed the subject, "Having said so much, let's talk about you now... Tell me honestly, have you figured out your true identity clearly?"

Ye Qingyu's heart jolted. "I've seen Divine Generals Zhi and Jue. If their predictions aren't wrong, I should be a descendant of the peerless War God. And based on all those secrets you revealed, I guess that makes me a descendant of the Divine Light Emperor. From a certain perspective, I might even be considered your descendant. Is that right?"

Hearing this, Ye Chongsheng laughed heartily.

With a theatrical expression on his face, he laughed with both hands on his stomach and looked like he was going to roll on the floor, as if he had heard the funniest joke ever. Eventually, he pointed a finger at Ye Qingyu, with his eyes nearly tearing from laughter. "Haha, you... you almost made me die from laughing. Is that the conclusion you drew from all that I said? Hahaha, interesting, real interesting. But actually, I've heard similar answers too many times..."

"Am I wrong?" Ye Qingyu frowned.

Ye Chongsheng's words vaguely revealed some information that suddenly gave him an extremely terrifying idea.

"Of course you're wrong. And not just wrong, but massively, gravely wrong." Ye Chongsheng restrained his expressions effortfully as he wiped away the tears of laughter and panted. "Let me ask you, if you're the son of the peerless War God, then where has he gone?"

"This... is also what I wanted to ask you," Ye Qingyu replied.

Neither he nor the Six Great Divine Generals nor the spirit monkey battle companion Sun Wukong nor Yu Junhan knew where the peerless War God had gone. In fact, it was as if not a single person between heaven and earth knew. Ever since the War God left the Snow Empire and the Heaven Wasteland Domain, he seemed to disappear from this world.

However, Ye Chongsheng seemed to know, judging from the meaning of his words.

Indeed, he chortled once more and said, "Alright, since you asked me earnestly, I shall most kindly tell you that he... reincarnated long ago."

"Reincarnated?" Ye Qingyu became wildly shocked upon hearing this answer.

The peerless War God has reincarnated?

In other words...

The final tinge of doubt in his mind dissipated at this very instant.

He understood.

He understood why Ye Chongsheng laughed at him so uncontrollably and idiotically after hearing his guess regarding his identity.

He also understood what his identity was.

He, Ye Qingyu, was not the son of the peerless War God.

He was the Divine Light Emperor.

He was Ye Chongsheng.

He was the 108th incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor.

Ye Chongsheng was a supreme oddball whom the Six Great Divine Generals called the greatest person after the Divine Light Emperor, and who was a legendary being worshipped by the entire Black Demon Race and even the Black Demon imperial capital. The reason why this spiritual projection left behind by the 106th incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor was so chirpy and casual while talking to Ye Qingyu was neither because he was always like that nor because it was his first time interacting with someone else for a long, long time, but because... he was simply interacting with another self of his.

In his eyes, the Ye Qingyu he saw was himself, and not the Ye Qingyu that outsiders saw.

This was why he was casual.

Nobody would disguise their face and pinch their words when facing themself.

"Looks like you've finally figured it out." Ye Chongsheng pinched his own nose. "Talking about this, you should understand your real identity by now. Besides, I believe that this is something really fun, no? Haha, there's nothing hard to accept about this. According to what the main body of the Divine Light Emperor said in the original world, you're neither a clone of any sort nor a robot that has been given memory. You ARE the main body of the Divine Light Emperor and also yourself, except that you've experienced different ages under different identities over a long period of time. You are still you, minus a few memories... Heh heh, in any case, this was how I consoled myself when I found out the truth. It's no big deal."

Ye Qingyu said nothing.

Hard to accept?

Nope.

Unwilling to believe?

Also nope.

It was just that... he felt this truth to be a little sudden, catching himself somewhat unprepared.

Is it because I haven't awakened my memories that I don't know anything about the past despite being the 108th incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor? Will I turn out to be like the 107th incarnation, who learned everything about this world and changed completely as a person after awakening my memories?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1299:


Chapter 1312 - World-Shocking Fortune

After reincarnation, there would be a period of time during which the memory of the previous life could not be awakened, and thus the matters of the previous life would not be known. After the memory awakened, however, one would not only remember past matters but also become proficient in various techniques and magical abilities. Back then, when the Six Great Divine Generals and others suddenly felt that Ye Chongsheng had become incomprehensible and uncontrollable, it might have been because Ye Chongsheng awakened the memories of the Divine Light Emperor and previous lives at that time.

This kind of feeling was somewhat akin to Song Xiaojun's dark blood power.

However, because the dark blood power had some flaws, Song Xiaojun would suffer losses to her original memory and forget matters of the present life after awakening the memory of the techniques and power.

Countless ideas flashed through Ye Qingyu's mind instantly.

Subsequently, he thought about something else and shook his head, "That's not right. Yu Junhan, the wife of the peerless War God, personally said that she's my mother. I've also seen a few images in the imperial priest temple of the Snow Empire that prove that I'm the descendant of the peerless War God. If I'm really his reincarnation, how can all this be explained?"

According to Yu Junhan's description of the depictions in those images, his birth was during the same era as the peerless War God. This made things contradictory, for new incarnations were only possible after the previous incarnations had died. He had co-existed with the peerless War God in the space-time dimension, which was not in line with the conditions for reincarnation.

"Haha, let me ask you, who is the First Princess of the Snow Empire?" Ye Chongsheng asked.

"She's of course..." Ye Qingyu was about to answer but suddenly could not give voice.

Back then, every citizen of the Snow Capital and the Snow Empire believed the First Princess to be Yu Junqing, a female expert of the Snow Empire's imperial family who had been highly renowned for a long period of time. Ye Qingyu had also believed her to be the First Princess all along. However, after meeting Yu Junhan, he discovered the secret that the true First Princess was actually this mysterious woman who lived in seclusion in a divine mountain.

Therefore, the First Princess was Yu Junhan of course.

But because Ye Chongsheng asked in this manner, Ye Qingyu immediately realized that the matter was certainly not so simple.

"Isn't it Yu Junhan, the wife of the peerless War God?" Ye Qingyu asked.

This was actually one of the matters that vexed and confounded him most after learning about his supposed identity. Initially, Yu Junhan could be considered his mother, but according to Ye Chongsheng's words, he was the reincarnation of the peerless War God, which would imply that Yu Junhan was his wife during his previous life. How could he face her now?

There was an awkward ethical paradox in this.

"Would you believe me if I told you that someone like Yu Junhan has never existed in this world?" Ye Chongsheng asked.

"What?" Ye Qingyu was stunned.

Ye Chongsheng chortled. "Every time the Divine Light Emperor changes lives, it's a true reincarnation and a completely different life. Therefore, the incarnation will go through all of the experiences of a normal person, including the seven emotions and the six sensory pleasures, and will definitely have female companions, wives, and children as a result. However, the previous 106 incarnations all lived until the end of their lifespans, when most of their wives and children had already passed away, and so they cut off from their eras very cleanly, basically leaving no such ethical paradox. Take me for example. I've left behind offspring from romantic affairs in many different places... Heh heh, later on, after I awakened the memories, I became more mindful and eventually expanded the Ye clan as much as possible. In establishing the Ye family, I was intending to protect a treasure that can be accumulated generation after generation. I believe that you've been to the Ye clan's palace. Have you seen the value of the treasures within?"

He looked at Ye Qingyu.

The latter nodded.

He continued, "At the beginning, my first generation of descendants was close in blood to myself. I was certainly very dear to them and took care of them. However, as time passed, they ultimately never came to possess my cultivation and lifespan. Although some became Emperors, they eventually fell because they lacked the ultimate luck. I feigned death and watched the Ye clan being passed on generation after generation. Several hundred thousand years later, the blood of my descendants has become very distant from mine, and I slowly lost all intimacy with the Ye family. Therefore, this is my way of cutting off my bloodline. A million years later, the Ye family's bloodline has become mixed, and has completely no relation to me..."

Ye Qingyu looked at Ye Chongsheng.

This way of cutting off was indeed special. Moreover, there had never been a supreme being like him who could torture multiple generations of Martial Emperors to death and torture a contemporary Great Emperor Race beyond recognition. Only Ye Chongsheng could do such a thing.

"Besides, every reincarnation requires a long time of a thousand years at least and ten thousand at most. By the time the next incarnation awakens, the marks left behind in the world by the previous incarnation would've more or less disappeared," Ye Chongsheng said. "After all, except for myself, every other incarnation would deliberately avoid getting involved with previous and future incarnations after awakening the memories. You're the only exception."

Ye Qingyu quietly listened.

He wanted to know what kind of exception he was.

"This is because a few unexpected things occurred after time reached this age. The peerless War God discovered the advance intrusion of the fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time, which doesn't make sense. According to our calculations, it shouldn't be taking place at this time. Clearly, our enemies have undergone unexpected changes, thereby necessitating amendments to our plans," Ye Chongsheng explained.

The "our" he spoke of was certainly referring to the Divine Light Emperor and his 107 incarnations.

Ye Qingyu continued to listen quietly.

Ye Chongsheng went on. "There are fifty Dayan numbers, and forty-nine are used. According to our calculations, only the 108th incarnation can attain reincarnation perfection and gather the destiny of ten million years upon himself. Although the peerless War God defeated the fiendgod sovereigns in battle, he was unable to destroy them completely, and could only confine them in the Fallen God Abyss using the roots of the World Tree..."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu suddenly saw the light.

It turned out that the fiendgod sovereign from a different space-time who was confined in the Fallen God Abyss was not defeated by Ye Chongsheng but the peerless War God instead. However, this made sense too. Since the peerless War God was an incarnation of Ye Chongsheng, he naturally mastered the mysterious formation technique of the 108 ancient characters after awakening the memories.

Perhaps my earlier guess was a little off.

At this time, Ye Qingyu realized that the mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters might not have been developed by Ye Chongsheng alone. After all, this kind of mysterious technique was simply too shocking, and could be said to be the pinnacle divine mantra of the formation martial way. He recalled that, of the incarnations of the Divine Light Emperor, there was Formation Emperor Luoso among the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors. This indicated that each incarnation of the Divine Light Emperor had a specific purpose. Was the life of Formation Emperor Luoso specially intended to develop formation techniques? If this was the case, it was very likely that the mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters originated from the Formation Emperor, and only reached its final form after undergoing development by many subsequent incarnations, becoming a formation technique that was specifically used against the fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time.

Of course, these things were not important.

The important thing was what Ye Chongsheng talked about next.

"After finding the wormhole that the fiendgod sovereign came from, the peerless War God tried to enter it. In doing so, he learned about a few things, such as the impending outbreak of the ultimate disaster. Eventually, he sealed this wormhole, but it merely delayed the problem instead of solving it for good. All he could do was to make hasty preparations and perform the next reincarnation so as to allow the 108th incarnation to come about in advance. In using this method, he was seeking the Great Perfection of reincarnation, but problems arose. Because time was of the essence, he could no longer get rid of the marks he left in this world, which would inevitably affect you. As a result, he had to think of another way to make his reincarnation become his own blood descendant in people's eyes." Ye Chongsheng explained on.

Ye Qingyu finally understood.

This was the reason why the Six Great Divine Generals and the others only went through half-reincarnations and not true reincarnations for this life.

And if it was not to cover up some information and prevent the Sky Emperor and a few secretly-snooping beings from making some finds, perhaps even the half-reincarnations would be unnecessary.

However, despite having talked about so much, Yu Junhan's existence had not been clearly explained yet.

Ye Chongsheng continued, "To make your existence more reasonable, the peerless War God created a character by changing the memories of others, which could be done using the mysterious formation technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters. You should be familiar with this. Everything could be solved just by changing the memories of people such as the stakeholders of the Snow Empire and creating a new First Princess out of thin air to become your mother."

Ye Qingyu secretly inhaled a mouthful of cold air.

Doesn't that make Yu Junhan a figure that only resides in people's memories, and not a true being?

"But..." He opened his mouth, intending to refute this.

Ye Chongsheng laughed symbolically again. "I know what you want to ask. It's because you've seen that Yu Junhan is a real living person, right? That's why you think that she's more than just a ghost that lives in people's memories. You're right about this point. However, you haven't seen her for a long time already, right? In truth, she's nothing but a spiritual projection, just like me. You weren't strong enough when you saw her, and naturally couldn't tell real from fake. Everything will be clear if you see her again now."

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth but did not know what to say.

"In that case, the real First Princess is actually Yu Junqing, while Yu Junhan is nothing but a spiritual projection of the peerless War God?" He asked, "Is she nothing but a person who was magically created out of necessity? She has disappeared completely ever since leaving the Heaven Wasteland Domain all those years ago, and I can't find the smallest trace of her even by using the Light Emperor Detection Technique. Is that because of this reason?"

"What other reason can you think of?" Ye Chongsheng responded, "To guard against unexpected situations, each incarnation will leave a spiritual projection that can secretly guide the next incarnation. Yu Junhan is just like the me in front of you. You'll never find her in this world again because she has completed her mission and can go home already."

"Go home?" Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Ye Chongsheng pointed at his own physical body, "It's right here... I call it home. This home has gone through 107 reincarnations, and is the most incredible treasure in this world which I tempered in the furnace of chaotic times. Hahaha, it's the final home of the spiritual projection of each lifetime. I'll also dissipate completely after answering all of your questions, and this incredible treasure will soon belong to you completely. As the 108th incarnation, you're the ultimate perfection, the crystal of the reincarnation technique, and also the ultimate key for solving the calamity of civilization reincarnation. Heh heh..."

"What exactly is so shocking about it?" Ye Qingyu gazed at the physical body of the Divine Light Emperor-lookalike in front of him, unable to sense any energy, vitality, or abnormality.

Ye Chongsheng laughed out loud. "It doesn't have any particularly shocking aspects, except that its body contains all of the power, wisdom, technique, vision, experience, battle strength, intelligence, knowledge, and memory of the 107 incarnations from the Divine Light Emperor to the peerless War God... Everything of the greatest talents in the world for millions of years are within it. Obtaining it is thus equivalent to obtaining the combined power of everyone, including the Divine Light Emperor himself, and becoming an eternal being above all beings. Don't you think that it's the world's most terrifying and precious treasure? What kind of treasure below heaven can be mentioned in the same breath as it?"

These words sounded to Ye Qingyu like a thunderbolt abruptly ringing out beside his ear.

There's actually such a precious treasure below heaven?

How is that possible?

This kind of opportunity can be said to come only once every ten million years.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1300:


Chapter 1313 - Continuing Down This Path
Ye  Qingyu realized that this "world-shocking fortune" was very likely to  be the true goal of the Divine Light Emperor's going through of 107  reincarnations. This kind of reincarnation was, in itself, very likely  to be a form of cultivation technique. The past millions of years had  been spent attaining this goal.
Of course, it was not the only goal.
But it was certainly a main one.
All  of the power, memory, experience, and battle strength of the 107  incarnations, each of which was an epoch-shaking character. Even the  Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, who were seen as gods by the later  humans, were nothing but eight of these incarnations. How terrifying  would the sum of the power and wisdom of these 107 incarnations be?
Ye Qingyu dared not imagine at all.
The only thing that could be confirmed was that it was very, very strong, sickeningly strong, boundlessly strong.
Despite  his current cultivation and mental state, a fervor involuntarily arose  in his heart after he finished listening to Ye Chongsheng's account. He  had been vexed by the coming of the great calamity of civilization  reincarnation all this time, and was making all kinds of preparations at  all costs. Whether it was elevating his personal cultivation or the  martial civilization standards of the entire world, he dared not be any  neglectful. On top of that, in order to unite all worldly beings against  the inevitable calamity, he had no choice but to adopt a swift and  ruthless method of violent advance, which was not what he originally  intended.
But now, a new opportunity had arrived.
Ye  Qingyu looked at Ye Chongsheng. "If I obtain the power and wisdom of  the past 107 incarnations, will I be able to single-handedly fend off  the intrusion of the fiendgod sovereigns from a different space-time?"
"This..."  Ye Chongsheng's expression became serious for once. "This should be  possible in theory, but it has never been verified in practice. After  all, it has been millions of years since the battle in which the Divine  Light Court collapsed. The enemies back then haven't remained at the  same level, and their present state and cultivation cannot be predicted.  You will thus have to verify the end result yourself."
Ye Qingyu nodded.
The  times had changed indeed. While the Divine Light Emperor had been  painstakingly preparing for millions of years, the enemies, too, being  the forces of destiny from a different space-time, could not possibly  have remained at the same level, and were certainly stronger than they  were ten million years ago. Therefore, to judge the enemies based on  their standards back then would be akin to marking the side of a boat to  record where it was.
"How should I integrate the power of this body?"
Ye Qingyu looked at Ye Chongsheng.
The  spiritual projection of the peerless War God had already disappeared,  making it apparent that Ye Chongsheng's spiritual projection was the  mentor for this incarnation. There were a few core secrets that he  needed Ye Chongsheng to tell him about. This was also one of the  purposes for Ye Chongsheng's spiritual projection to remain in  existence.
"Abandon  your current body and pour your [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] and  divine sense into this body completely. This is the first step," Ye  Chongsheng said.
Hearing this, Ye Qingyu inwardly said "thought so" to himself.
The  body in front of him, which had accumulated the power of 107  incarnations of the Divine Light Emperor, was even more terrifying than  the so-called Immortal Body that the million-year-old soul obtained most  painstakingly, and to obtain its power would definitely require  sacrifices to be made. The fusion of any two things would ultimately end  with the stronger one subjugating the weaker one. Against this body, Ye  Qingyu was undoubtedly the weaker one. The only way to obtain its power  was to make himself become a part of it, integrating with the memories  of the other 107 incarnations and thereby becoming a perfect person.
To a certain degree, this kind of fusion implied the birth of a new life and the death of the former Ye Qingyu.
"Fuse and become a part of it, abandoning myself?" Ye Qingyu asked in a low voice.
Ye  Chongsheng's expression was rather strange, and he eventually shook his  head. "It's not really about abandoning yourself. You're the 108th  incarnation and also the only one of the contemporary age. Therefore, as  long as your divine consciousness is powerful enough, you'll continue  to be in charge of this body treasure even after fusion. In terms of  spirit and thought, you won't become a different person by any means.  You'll still be you, with the only difference being your physical body.  To a martial expert, changes in appearance shouldn't be something  difficult to accept."
I see.
The contemporary incarnation will be in charge of everything?
That doesn't sound difficult to accept.
Ye Qingyu's inner misgivings eased somewhat.
Although  self-sacrifice would be nothing but a chess move in the face of the  calamity of world reincarnation and utter desperation, honestly  speaking, who would be willing to do this unless absolutely necessary?  It would be meaningless to obtain supreme power if I'm no longer myself.
If  the contemporary incarnation takes charge of everything, that means I  will still be me, except with some added power and memories.
This, however, is clearly not the only condition of obtaining this "world-shocking fortune".
As Ye Chongsheng said, abandoning my body is only the first step.
"What's the second step?" he asked.
"The  second step is actually even easier than the first." Ye Chongsheng  stretched his waist before saying four simple words, "Eliminate your  inner demons."
Ye  Qingyu was shocked upon hearing this. "Eliminate my inner demons? Are  you referring to... the Divine Light Emperor's inner demons of  homesickness?"
Back  then, the Divine Light Emperor was tormented by inner demons because of  his homesickness, and was thus unable to make the final breakthrough.  He wanted to make use of the Yinqing Sea Eye of the Cloudy Clear Sea to  return to his hometown, but the fiendgod sovereigns from a different  space-time took advantage of this, causing that incarnation to  ultimately fail.
Ye  Qingyu believed that Ye Chongsheng was referring to the Divine Light  Emperor's, and not his, inner demons - he did not have any keen  preoccupation in this life.
Indeed, Ye Chongsheng nodded, "That's right."
Ye  Qingyu thought very carefully before saying in an assertive voice,  "These inner demons were caused by the Divine Light Emperor's  preoccupation. Now's already the 108th incarnation, and I'm different  from the Divine Light Emperor after all. My hometown is within the Vast  Thousand Domains, and so visiting it when I want to is extremely  convenient. Why would I have inner demons of homesickness?"
Ye  Chongsheng smiled. "You're wrong. Homesickness is not caused by  distance. You just have to ask your inner self whether you'll miss your  hometown if you can never visit it again, that's all."
Ye Qingyu became less confident at once.
Ye  Chongsheng continued, "Looks like you already have an answer inside. As  long as you miss it, that's preoccupation. Because the Divine Light  Emperor's preoccupation was far too great back then, it has remained  until the present and cannot be completely gotten rid of despite so many  years of reincarnation. Any traces of preoccupation in your heart will  immediately flare up as soon as you fuse with this body treasure, like  ground fire being ignited by heavenly lightning. It'll be hard to turn  back once the inner demons of preoccupation break out and you fall into  the path of the demon, while all efforts of the 108 incarnations will go  up in smoke. The risk of your body dying and your Dao disappearing is  very real."
"Tsk!" Hearing this, Ye Qingyu could not help gulping a mouthful of cold air.
He certainly missed his hometown.
For  the sake of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, he had ventured alone to the  Clear River Domain, and later on, during the domain rating test, he put  himself in danger countless times. These clearly showed that he had  feelings for his hometown.
According  to Ye Chongsheng, as long as he had feelings for his hometown in his  heart, they would flare up into a sky-high fire as soon as he fused with  the body treasure, like a small flame falling into kerosene. All  earlier efforts would become futile.
The requirements of the second step were not easy at all.
In fact, it was very, very difficult.
Therefore, it was this second step that was key.
Because  the first step only required tempering his spirit and divine sense, it  could be attempted after reaching a certain level. The second step,  however, needed him to discard his feelings for his hometown. This was  virtually no different from discarding the seven emotions and six  sensory pleasures, requiring one to attain a level of saintly  indifference and to forget one's surroundings and all beings. Back then,  to become one with universal chaos, losing one's substance and self,  was a realm that only belonged in the legends.
Questioning himself, Ye Qingyu felt that he could not reach such a realm at present.
It was certainly difficult for him to do something that even the Divine Light Emperor could not do.
He felt that things were strange and should not be this way.
Despite  the fact that the Divine Light Emperor had cultivated his reincarnation  technique and underwent 108 reincarnations, he was still not much  different from the start, and could not get rid of his hometown  preoccupation. Did he not anticipate such a result at the onset? If so,  it would mean that reincarnation was still not yet perfect. But if he  did anticipate this, it would mean that this was all nothing but an  aspiration.
After further consideration, he did not dare to fuse with this body treasure immediately.
This was a matter of great importance.
After  much hesitation, he tried asking about a few other things, such as the  bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], as well as the origin of the [Cloud  Top Cauldron]. If everything he encountered during this life was  arranged by the peerless War God, then these two precious treasures that  changed his martial destiny were probably the legacy of the latter.
"The  bronze book was indeed created by the peerless War God and was  specially left behind for you. It was delivered to you via a few  coincidences. As for the [Cloud Top Cauldron], it was an item that the  Divine Light Emperor brought along to this world. He called it the Gold  Finger. I don't know about its specific origin either. Among the 108  incarnations, only the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, me, the  peerless War God, and you have correctly guessed and harnessed the true  might of this cauldron. At other times, it was circulated throughout the  world like a bright pearl covered in dust, and was treated as an  ordinary antique while being passed through the hands of various owners.  You only came to possess it after obtaining its recognition," Ye  Chongsheng explained.
The memories obtained by an incarnation were not complete.
In  particular, the memories of the Divine Light Emperor's true hometown  were a sealed and forbidden area. As much as Ye Chongsheng had awakened  the memories of past incarnations, he still could not comprehend them,  and naturally could not explain the origin of the [Cloud Top Cauldron]  clearly either.
All  he knew was that the reason why the Divine Light Emperor came to this  world and made an astonishing rise had something to do with the [Cloud  Top Cauldron].
Ye Qingyu was surprised by this.
There are actually things that Ye Chongsheng didn't know.
"You  don't have to ask about your other doubts. After you fuse with this  body treasure, you'll learn about all of the causes and effects, because  you're the final incarnation and are destined to take control of  everything. You'll also bear responsibility for bringing an end to  everything. It will be up to you when to fuse and how to fuse, and you  can decide at any time with just a thought. As for how to destroy your  inner demons, it will depend on your luck and destiny." Ye Chongsheng's  voice gradually weakened as he spoke. "My mission will soon end. After  this day, I'll dissipate forever between heaven and earth. Listen  carefully, Ye Qingyu. The things that our 107th incarnation needed to do  have all been done. You'll have to continue doing the things you need  to do, and continue down this path... I hope that you can put a full  stop to the painstaking adventures of the 107 incarnations."
© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

