Chapter 433:


Chapter 453, Totally Repressed

After a lapse of more than one year, Yan Buhui was just as dashing and unrestrained as before.

He had always looked seventeen or eighteen years old, vigorous and energetic. His long white robe was setting off his slender figure that was always straight like a javelin and seemed like it would never bend. His white hair was like the thousand-year-old ice snow on the Snow Empire’s mountain peak, and under the same silvery white brows was a pair of eyes that was always as cold and contemptuous of everything in the world.

The former genius of Youyan Pass, or perhaps the first genius of the Human Race of the Snow Empire.

He was now an important military minister of the Snow Ground Demon Court.

When he suddenly appeared in the sky, his long white hair fluttering in the wind and a faint smile upon his beautiful and almost coquettish face, the greatest traitor in the history of the Human Race looked elegant and handsome like a scholar.

Ye Qingyu was standing on the ground and when he saw this scene, he didn’t know what he was feeling.

Ever since he saw this person in the blizzard back then, Ye Qingyu was surprised, and when he came to know about this person's identity and story, he was more than shocked. Towards this genius that also loved to wear a white robe, he still felt some sympathy and pity.

Ye Qingyu had thought that the reason Yan Buhui betrayed the Human Race was, perhaps he was forced to and had no other choice, or perhaps he was suffering from injustice, or he was planning something...

Just that as time went by, after Yan Buhui assassinated Lu Zhaoge, after the ministers of the Demon Clan again and again inflicted serious damage to the army of the Human Race, Ye Qingyu began to understand that all of this was just his wishful thinking. The truth was the most brutal and cold one— —

Yan Buhui had really committed treason.

He did not leave any room for himself in everything he did.

Today, he suddenly showed himself again. Was it to be a part of this battle against the [Light Palace]?

In Ye Qingyu’s heart, there was a faint disappointment.

In the sky.

“Dare to be so arrogant at such a young age, who are you?” Old man Su sighed, his eyelids twitching, completely looking down on the important minister of the Snow Ground Demon Court.

“The underworld has blood swallow (Yan), that will not return (Buhui) to the heaven,” Yan Buhui said in a loud and clear voice.

“Ah? Yan Buhui?” Old man Su nodded, then thoughtfully said, “So you are the brat that suffered a little injustice and turned away from your benefactors. Oh, I have heard about you, this sort of will that is worse than that of a child, it’s incredible that you are still alive and still dare to claim to be the first genius of Youyan Pass in the century, it really is a joke, what? You’ve been eating rice from the demon clan, drinking milk from the demon family, sleeping with mother demons, had a few pieces of broken demon bones, and you really think you could justly scold your own benefactors?”

Following this remark, within Yan Buhui’s eyes, there was the sharpness of an ice sword, twinkling and flashing.

But he finally only smiled faintly. “Gao Diping, the Divine General Gong back then, also only has his mouth left now? If you don’t have the strength, roll to one side, don’t try to show off. Since you’re at an old age, I will let you live, let's see how justice will reincarnate.”

“Hahaha...”

The old man raised his head and laughed heartily.

“Little fellow, bullying me because I’m old?” He had a wild look on his face.

The next moment, old man Su’s body abruptly rose, a strange crackling sound coming from within his bones. His bent back was suddenly perfectly straight, a strange aura exhibiting from his body. In the blink of an eye, the wrinkled skin that was like orange peel suddenly became white and smooth. His dishevelled hair, at a speed visible to the naked eye, becoming thick and pitch-black, growing down to his waist, like a flowing waterfall.

The dark and wrinkled old skin on his face was peeled off like a boa casting off its old shell, revealing a sharp, angular and energetic young face that looked only twenty years old. Thick eyebrows and big eyes, a wide nose and broad mouth, and a surging vitality was diffusing out from his body.

The look of disbelief and shock finally crossed Yan Buhui’s face.

And on the other side, Demon King Long Hangyun’s face twisted in a grimace of terror and panic, even retreating back.

If he didn’t know old man Su before, the figure of the heavy and burly young man in front of him wouldn’t look so familiar. It was as though it had been engraved in his soul. More than eighty years ago, this person’s shadow had always been the nightmare of Long Hangyun.

Because back then, when the army of the Snow Empire had crushed the southern territory, it was led by the forces of the [Light Palace]. Wherever the Five Great Divine Generals passed by, many demons of the Water City were killed. Long Hangyun had witnessed the four Great Demon Kings attacking Divine General Gong Gao Duping, but in the end there were three dead and one seriously injured.

The Great Demon that was heavily wounded was Long Hangyun’s master.

His master was saved, but in less than three years after returning, he died from hisserious injury, and all his treasures, cultivation skills and demon techniques were passed down to Long Hangyun. It was then that Long Hangyun rose, and in less than forty years of time, became one of the top ten Demon Kings of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court.

Although he had to avenge his master’s death, because he witnessed the battle back then, he was fearful of Divine General Gong, Gao Duping. That year, his master and elders jointly attacked together, but still failed miserably. Long Hangyun knew that with his current cultivation level, although better than his master and elders at their peak period, he definitely was no match for Divine General Gong.

Having witnessed Gao Duping instantaneously restored to the state of his flourishing period, Long Hangyun intended to retreat.

But it was too late.

“Hahaha, now that I showed myself, prepare to be totally suppressed.”

Restored to the state of his peak time, old man Su needed to change his name to Divine General Gong, Gao Duping. He laughed loudly, raising one hand, and the body of Witch King of White Mountain Black Water Jin Yi that was wrapped in fiery leaf instantly shrank, turning into a ball of light that was the size of a fist, firmly clenching it in his hand.

“Repression!”

He roared, turned his hand over, and pushed down.

The ball of light that was the size of a fist was directly crushed, falling into the pit of fire below the [Light Palace].

“Come and fight!”

Gao Duping, restored to his original heights, exhibited a matchless imposing manner, with a brutal and savage aura. His hands made a pulling motion in the void. The flames began glowing brightly, and a red spear emerged in his grip. He flicked his wrist and the spear was producing a high-frequency buzzing sound. The tip of the spear was like a bolt of lightning, pointing to the Great Demon King Long Hangyun.

“Ah...” Long Hangyun, frightened even before the battle, anxiously moved back.

“Hahaha, born again after one hundred years, the Demon Clan Demon King is just a wine sack? Who dares fight with me?” Gao Duping laughed madly, the long spear was like a red dragon, drawing a mysterious arc in the void, and the spear twisted around, attacking Yan Buhui.

The light of the spear erupted out like dark red stars, enveloping Yan Buhui and Long Hangyun within.

He was going to fight two at the same time.

Yan Buhui’s eyes were flashing like the stars of a dark gloomy night, emitting a leaden cloud-like sinister aura, exerting a pressure everywhere. All of a sudden the sky turned red, an eerie dark sinister aura rolling across and blotting out the sky.

“You want to fight, then fight! Time Demon Spirit, come out!”

With the roar of Yan Buhui, inside of the endless black demon cloud, demon mist was rising.

A huge incomparably sinister demon spirit came out of the leaden clouds, shaped like an ancient giant, a jet-black armour of demon aura covering its body, like a damaged rock statue that had been through years of erosion. The surface was blurred, but it had three heads and six arms, and was extremely ferocious.

The time demon spirit shot opened its giant mouth.

There was a demonic red light swirling in its mouth, like a red time warp was split from the sky.

Yan Buhui stepped back, entering into the space-time demon spirit’s giant mouth.

Then the giant demon spirit roared to the sky, throwing out a punch at Divine General Gong, Gao Duping.

On the other side.

Great Demon King Long Hangyun also roared, demonic fog shook the sky, the head of eight dragons flew straight out from the back of his head, transforming into eight thousands-of-meters-long blue-scale dragons. Every one of them was swallowing clouds and blowing out fog, breathing all kinds of demonic fog, poisonous clouds, flames, lightning, and all sort of demonic forces, encircling Divine General Gong, Gao Duping.

A terrible battle finally unfolded.

In the Imperial Capital, countless creatures were shivering.

Looking up at the air, where clouds of demon aura were rolling across, brilliance flowing, it was like a vast body of water was hung upside down at an altitude of ten thousand meters, waves roaring and surging forth. From time to time there were giant demons appearing, revealing their horns, the head of the spacetime demon spirit’s, or the giant scales or blue giant claws of the blue dragon stirring the demon fog, which were all enough to make everyone tremble with fear...

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu did not know what to say.

This old man Su unexpectedly has such a shocking identity.

Why didn’t anyone know before? According to this, the status of the former Five Great Divine Generals must’ve been impressive, right? Even if they retired, it would not be such a simple matter. Even if they went into seclusion, some clues would have been left behind, but old man Su had hid himself in the [Light Palace] for such a long time, yet the powerful forces of the empire did not even know of this?

And right now, everyone had gone into a huge brawl!

Ye Qingyu felt that this matter was too strange.

This was the Imperial Capital Snow Empireof the Human Race, known as the most heavily guarded city of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, where tens of millions of Imperial Guards were stationed and countless formations make up the grounds. Among the buildings and void, countless masters of the Human Race were gathered here, that even if a fly flew by, as long as it did not fly in accordance with the rules of the Imperial family, it would instantly be killed. Now that these Demon Clan and Brute Race experts were about to break into the Imperial Capital, it still had not triggered the slightest of activity?

Could it be that the strong masters of the Imperial family, the Imperial Guards of the empire, and the experts of the army were all asleep?

Or were they all dead?——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 434:


Chapter 454, There’s no other flowers to follow

Now that situation had developed to this extent, it was too staggering and revealed many strange things.

Let alone the Imperial family, even an ordinary civilian family, if there was someone making a scene at their doorway, it would have alarmed their dog. But there were such battle formations above the Imperial Capital that even describing it as an earth-shaking power was not too exaggerating, yet the major forces of the Snow Empire had not made the slightest of movement in response this!

Ye Qingyu, watching the black demonic mist and clouds rolling across the sky like waves, his mood was worse than ever before.

For things to have come to this, it was far beyond his initial estimate.

“That smelly monkey must have planned this, he urged me to attack, all to light a fire, now the fire is lit and is burning fiercely and beyond control. This smelly monkey that was playing with fire has been burned to death, what do I do now?”

With the present situation, to tell the truth, Ye Qingyu did not feel calm at all.

Exceptional elders were appearing one after another, and Divine General Gong, Gu Duping, such high level existence had also appeared. The matters today were all too strange, who knew what kind of experts would make an appearance next?

The feeling that everything was out of control was not good.

Ye Qingyu had a strange intuition, as though the situation today was not entirely caused by himself. In fact, whether it was the Human Race, Demon Race or Brute Race or those surviving members of the era of sects who were trying to revive, and some of the dark forces that were hiding behind some of the major forces, they all have been preparing for today and have been waiting for today for too long of a time.

In the sky, loud rumbling sounds were resounding unceasingly.

There was nothing Ye Qingyu could do now but wait.

The only good news was that the power of the underground fire spring beneath the [Light Palace] was really endless, constantly springing up. Therefore, the [Flowing Silver LightFormation] that became vulnerable because of the various attacks from the experts was once again activated and was again invulnerable to attacks. For the time being, Ye Qingyu did not have to worry about this.

Outside of the City of Light.

The Imperial Guards who had lost the four eagles and were without a leader at this time were in a very awkward state.

Without military orders, they could not retreat

But they also could not attack.

If it was a normal battle, a first-level general of the army would have taken over the military affairs by this time. Even if the main general was killed, a command would have been orderly issued. After all, these were the elite Imperial Guards of the empire, but this time the military orders came from the Right Minister’s residence, and even until now there was not yet any new military orders from the Right Minister’s residence. The general that temporarily took over the military affairs also dared not order a retreat.

And for the terrifying battles in the skies, they were all fearful...

At this time, they could only pray that those people in the sky, who were like immortals, could control their own strength while they were fighting, or change to another a place to fight and do not let it spread to the ground. Otherwise, even if they assumed a defensive battle formation, the ten thousand Imperial Guards would still be completely wiped out.

In the face of these real experts, ordinary troops were as fragile as ashes, while the well-equipped Imperial Guards of outstanding strength, and the military formation with thousands of people also could not withstand their attacks.

……

……

“Didn’t expect Gao Duping to be a deaf person that sweeps the floor.”

In a hidden chamber.

Golden Crowned Prince Yu Feiyan had an astonished expression on his face.

“When that man disappeared back then, you should have paid more attention to his subordinates. Fortunately, all parties have gathered today. This Gao Duping, although he is a little difficult to handle, but he is not impossible to restrain...”

From the flickering jade candle in the corner of the hidden chamber, a voice came again.

“Divine messenger must not know that, when that War God disappeared, I had sent people over to the Five Great Divine Generals Gong, Shang, Jue, Zhi and Yu. These five people would not work for us, spoke conceited nonsense, humiliated me, and also insulted the other major forces of the Right Minister’s residence. It is said that even the people of the Snow Emperor have failed to subdue them, and angered all of them. Then I joined some people and made some preparations to get rid of these five people. Who knew that before the plan was implemented, these five people unexpectedly disappeared overnight. All these years, not only me, even the Right Minister’s residence have been investigating the whereabouts of these five people, but there hasn’t been any information, as if they really had vanished from the heaven and earth...”

Yu Feiyan explained to the candle in the chamber in a respectful tone.

Candlelight flickered, wax dripping down, but no matter how long it burned, the white wax that was only as tall as a finger was never shortened, as though it would burn forever.

Yu Feiyan then continued, “The people in the City of Light, I have sent people to investigate then. Ididn’t think that... I didn’t expect Gao Duping to become an old man... the strength of Divine General Gong is unfathomable, if he gets involved, today’s situation, I’m afraid...”

“No matter, the Heaven Wasteland Domain is only an inferior domain. What happened a century ago will not happen again. That person is not here, even if the Five Great Divine Generals gather together, they cannot change the situation today. When the passage of the domain opens and the experts of my sect descend with their true bodies, everything will vanish!” the white candlelight gleamed and said firmly.

A flicker of surprise crossed Yu Feiyan’s face, paused for a brief moment and attempted to say, “Haha.”

The white candle flickered gently and said with a smiling tone, “Your Highness, the things I have promised you will certainly be achieved. My White Cloud Sect is a first class sect in the [Mountain Sea Domain]. We possess remarkable secret techniques to enhance your strength. We can help you win against matchless experts, and help you crush the Heaven Wasteland Domain. At that time, whether it’s the Brute Race, Demon Race or the Human Race, they would have to surrender to you. Your wish to become the first mighty emperor of the Heaven Wasteland Domain would be fulfilled, and my White Cloud Sect only need you to, according to the promise, every year make a sufficient contribution of resources.”

Yu Feiyan hurriedly bowed, a wide smile across his handsome face. “Then thank you divine messenger... there’s another matter, I am worried about...”

The white candle wax swayed, and the candlelight was glowing when it asked, “what is it?”

“My current cultivation level, although it could be regarded as occupying a certain place in the Snow Empire, cannot suppress all people. Among the current Imperial family, there are a few people that I am no match for. Also, divine messenger, you said that not only divine elders would descend from the White Cloud Sect, but other large sects of [Mountain Sea Domain]. Others will take advantage of the power of the domain to come. Of course, I would not have to deal with these people, but if they attack me, I won’t have the power to protect myself if something happens... Moreover, if I want to control the Imperial family of the Snow Empire and rule over the other races, in addition to skill, I still need some real strength...”

Yu Feiyan said, stammering, and continued on in an extremely roundabout fashion.

When he finished his words, he sat quietly like the burning white candle.

The white candle flashed and was silent for a while.

After a long while.

“I understand what you mean,” The flames of the white candle quieted down, saying calmly, “Your worry is not unreasonable, but now the passage of the domain has not been completely opened up, my real body has not completely come and is just a projection. I cannot, like before, display my skills to let your strength leap beyond the HEaven Ascension  stage. At most, I could only make your strength grow to the peak of the Heaven Ascension stage.”

“The peak of Heaven Ascension?” Within Yu Feiyan’s eyes, there was a strange colour flashing, then after a brief pause he continued, “That can perhaps be used to suppress some people, divine messenger please make the spell, sorry to trouble you.”

The white candle hesitated for a moment, before it said, “If I do that, you need to remember your promise. If you break your promise, you must suffer the martial wrath of heaven, you should be very clear of the consequence.”

“Rest assured divine messenger, I have made an oath with my martial arts origin. How would I break the promise,” Yu Feiyand said firmly.

“Well, direct your qi, concentrate your mind, run the inner yuan, take my divine power.”

The candle flickered, a flame separating from the light of the white candle.

This ball of fire was fluttering in the air for a while. Its light gradually solidified, turning into a milky white pill the size of a longan. Dense smoke curled up, like nine dragons were circling around. On the surface layer was mist flowing around, and there was no heat, no power or aura.

Yu Feiyan’s face lit up, opening his mouth and swallowing the white pill.

……

“The first Divine General of the Five Great Divine Generals has appeared, haha, good, good, good...” A gloomy and hoarse voice sounded from the black mist, its figure flashing like a dark light. A crystal ball was in his hands, displaying the battle scene in the vault of the sky.

At his side, a red-veiled maiden said, “Master, that Gu Duping is so tyrannical. He most likely would maintain the [Light Palace], is that not a big disadvantage to us?”

“Kekeke, is it that easy to protect this [Light Palace]...” The dark shadow was taking shape. “Let the Demon Race and Brute Race force out the final strength of the [Light Palace], wrap around the ashes and embers of the [Light Palace], then we really will have the opportunity!”

……

In the Right Minister’s mansion.

In front of the flowerbed.

An old man in plain cotton clothing was watering the plants calmly.

In the sky, the demonic clouds were rolling across and claps of thunder could be heard, like the end of the world, but this old man seemed unaware. He was dressed in plain cotton clothing and cloth linen shoes, like an ordinary old man, carrying a wooden bucket in one hand and a ladle in the other, scooping water little by little.

The flower garden was not any rare or valuable flowers, nor spiritual grass.

These three rows were the most common chrysanthemum.

Now was not the flowering season, but after the elder’s daily care, the branches and leaves of these three rows of chrysanthemum were plump and verdant. The flower bud was beginning to open up, and seemed in less than a few days would be in full bloom.

An expert with a divine armour draped over his shoulder was standing a hundred meters away from the flowerbed. A restless look was on his face, but he dared not come disturb this old man who was fiddling with the flowers and plants.

It was only after he watered the three rows of flowers that the old man slowly sighed, placed the bucket to one side, scooped a ladle of water, and drank a few mouthfuls, staining his grey beard with water droplets.

“It’s not that I favour you the most, just that once you’ve bloomed, there’s no other flowers to follow!”

The old man dropped the ladle into the water, smiled, looked up, and after feeling that the time was almost right, turned around and waved his hand. “Now is the time, go tell Master Qin and Master Yu, tell them to do it.”

The general that was impatiently waiting at one side, upon hearing this sentence, finally breathed a sigh of relief, cupped his hand, accepted the order, and turned away.

The old man walked over to the verdant plump chrysanthemum leaves and let out a long sigh.

“Success or failure hangs upon this single action.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 435:


Chapter 455, God of the Great Spirit

The thousands of Imperial Guards outside the City of Light had finally retreated.

A military order was issued from the right minister’s household, then the sound of the bugle echoed through the military camp. As soon as the generals heard the military order, they let out a sigh of relief, as though they had just survived the prison of Asura. The army behind becoming the army in front, orderly retreating from the battlefield.

In less than two minutes, the black current of Imperial Guards had all disappeared completely.

But the retreat of the Imperial Guards did not alleviate the crisis of the [Light Palace].

It could even be said that the presence of Imperial Guards did not have the slightest effect on the situation of the [Light Palace].

In the sky, the battle was still going on.

Ye Qingyu was standing before the [Light Palace], his eyes glowing brightly, gazing at the battlefield of the vault of heaven.

Only experts of the Bitter Sea stage that had fully activated their yuan energy could see through the tumbling layers of demonic fog and black clouds, and was able to clearly watch the situation of the battlefield.

At this moment Divine General Gong, Gao Diping, was fighting two enemies at once, and still absolutely had the upper hand.

Whether it was Yan Buhui’s demon spirit of time, or the eight ancient blue dragon forces controlled by Long Hangyun, it was unexpectedly firmly suppressed by his red flaming spear. The spear light was bright and fierce, like stars of the universe, exploding in clusters, containing infinite power. His spear techniques followed an unbelievably simple path. Each and every move was full of ancient meaning and was nothing intricate. But under his aggressive activation of strength, Yan Buhui and Long Hangyun did not dare face the sharp tip of the spear, only attacking from the sides.

“Hahaha, not enjoyable...”

Gao Diping roared, restoring to his peak state, like a divine dragon hovering across the sky. With a spear in his hand, there was an invincible imposing manner radiating from him.

Only 5 minutes had passed, but Yan Buhui and the Great Demon King Long Hangyun were all unexpectedly suppressed. As they were bitterly struggling under that mighty spear light, there were spear wounds being made across the tremendous body of the time demon spirit, almost destroying its body. While of the eight blue dragons of Long Hanyun, there were only three remaining. The illusion was destroyed, returning back to his head.

“This Divine General Gong is really this powerful.”

Below, Ye Qingyu was shuddering with fear as he watched the battle.

Just then----

“Hahaha, not enjoyable, everyone is standing at the side watching, there’s no fun, come out to fight with me.” Divine General Gong, Gao Duping laughed heartily, when the burst of spear light shot up, instantly tearing the demon fog and black clouds in the sky, restoring the brightness before.

At the same time, the spear light punctured five or six locations surrounding him.

There were several patches of air that became like clear ripples, and behind these ripples were watermarks of vague blurry figures.

They were experts that had kept hidden in the surroundings of the battlefield, secretly observing the situation.

These figures were all extremely strong, and almost on par with the White Mountain Black Water Brute King. Every one of them had thought that their concealing techniques were extremely mysterious and that no one would find out, but it seems that Divine General Gong, Gao Diping, had seen through everything.

Their location had been exposed, and they could hide no longer.

“Since Divine General Gong is interested, then I will humour Divine General Gong with a battle.” A red-robed man with long hair stepped out of the void. Behind him were dozens of flaming knives, blazing strongly with a power that could slash spirits. This person was obviously a powerful master, but the strength and aura that he was radiating was completely different to the current sects of the Human Race. He was obviously a person of the era of sects.

“Haha, Gao Diping, since you came to die, then do not blame our sect for attacking you together.” A voice that was enveloped in a jade green-coloured light appeared. Listening to its tone, it was a woman, and through the light, a slim figure could vaguely be seen.

“Kill!”

“Die!”

Then two other figures issued a chilling roar, directly attacking, yuan qi surging like a violent dragon, smashing the vault of heaven, and tearing the air apart.

Each one was a powerful top-ranked expert.

Ye Qingyu’s eyebrows were raised as he watched the scene.

Among these experts, with his current cultivation level, he was no match for any one of them.

So many terrifying martial artists had been hiding at some secret places in the dark, and the majority of them were surviving members of the era of sects. To them, ordinary fame and benefit did not matter. The thing that they conspired to seize was something that ordinary people did not know about and also dared not to imagine about.

When these people appeared, Ye Qingyu felt another wave of apprehension.

Gao Diping, although fierce, but was it possible for him to block so many surviving members of the era of sects at the same time?

Any one of these people was an almost invincible existence in the past.

In the sky.

“Hahaha, to be in hiding for so many years, it must be difficult for you all. You must be tired, right?” Like a dragon, Gao Diping’s spear, which contained powers that could cover a radius of thousands of miles, was shrouding all these experts within, as he was laughing disdainfully. “You all are still hopeful after all these years, you must have came to retaliate against my [Light Palace], right? What a bunch of poor worms, now is the time to give up all hope.”

His voice faded.

He stepped forward in the void.

“The Great Spirit God, show yourself!”

As he bellowed, the spear in his hand was vibrating. Gao Diping’s body and the long spear were becoming bigger, growing in size in the wind, instantly becoming a hundred-meter-tall giant and his spear resembling a giant fire dragon of two or three hundred meters long. His imposing aura had also frantically rose several times over.

Gao Diping had transformed into the Great Spirit God.

“I told you already that I would totally suppress you.”

Gao Diping’s giant right hand was firmly grasping the spear, his left hand pressing down like a tremendous mountain and the Great Demon King Long Hangyun who’s momentum was already crumbling was covered under this huge palm.

Long Hangyun gasped in surprise, frantically trying to evade.

But the giant palm was like the hand of the Great Spirit God, containing a bizarre ruling force, allowing him to run around but not escape from the palm of his hand. Then a terrifying pressure squeezed over from the four sides, sealing Long Hangyun in mid-air. He could not move an inch or struggle in the slightest. He was firmly held by that giant palm, which contained a fire cloud lightning power.

“Suppression!”

The Great Spirit God bellowed, tossing Long Hangyun from his hand.

Long Hangyun’s entire body was bound with a red flaming rune chain formation, his cultivation was completely sealed, falling down like a rock. And just like the Brute Witch King of White Mountain Black Waters, Jin Yi, he was directly suppressed in the underground fire spirit spring pit under the [Light Palace].

It all happened in the blink of an eye.

Before the several other experts had responded, even the Great Demon King of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court was suppressed.

“Its...”

“How could this be possible?”

All the others’ jaws dropped.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu had his mouth wide open. He still had not closed it.

This this this this...

Do you need to be so fierce?

The Lord of the Temple felt that this Divine General Gong’s methods were simply beyond his own definition of a peerless expert. Among all the people that he had seen before, he was absolutely one of the most terrifying two. The other one was War God of Youyan Pass Lu Zhaoge, his Seven Heartless Words had once made Ye Qingyu feel inexplicable amazement.

In a flash.

In the sky, another figure fell down.

Another expert was crushed by Gao Diping.

It was like dumplings falling down.

“Hahaha, a group of useless people, dare to seek my [Light Palace]. In this chessboard of heaven and earth, you do not even count as a piece of chess piece.” Gao Diping’s heroic voice was full of disdain. “A group of useless people, I’ll suppress you all, go to the flames to reflect.”

The spear light was like lightning.

When the spear pointed forward, red light marks broke out from the tip of the spear, like a huge net, wrapping around the void and directly trapping the experts of an ancient sect clad in scarlet robes and a red sword. Then, the giant net suddenly shrunk, sealing their cultivation, pulling them down from the sky like rocks, and dropping them into the underground fire spirit spring pit.

Another was sealed.

In the sky, the scales of the situation tipped to the other side instantly.

Witnessing this scene, the aggressive and overbearing peerless experts that had encircled him were all petrified with fear.

“How could...?” The woman that was covered in a green light exclaimed in disbelief, “A hundred years ago, your strength, it was just...”

She was in a state of shock.

“How could a hundred years be wasted?” Gao Diping smiled faintly. “Qingyun, you still harbour resentment, unable to tell right from wrong, taking the side of the evil doer. This time, I cannot let you go, you better go to the underground fire spirit spring pit and think about what you did wrong.”

His voice fell.

The giant palm pressed down once again.

In his palm was the lightning flame of death, ruling force being activated. The female expert in green light, like the Great Demon King Long Hangyun, was desperately struggling but still could not break free, firmly held in the giants grasp. The marks across the palm were engraved around the green-light woman’s body, like a formation chain, directly sealing her.

“No...”

The green-light woman roared in fury, but it was no use.

Eventually, her entire body was dropped into the pit of underground fire and buried in the underground lava.

“Bad!”

“Run!”

The remaining few experts, seeing that the situation was not favourable, immediately turned and fled.

They originally came with a threatening manner, ambushing Gao Diping from all sides to destroy him and get revenge for the humiliation back then. They were sure of winning, since they had been in hiding, had painstakingly trained for so many years, and everyone’s strength had improved massively. They were absolutely confident in themselves, but unexpectedly, when they met again, Divine General Gong’s strength had grown so much, far beyond their imagination.

Back then, they were able to fight against Divine General Gong for some time, but now, they were like children in a battle against a soldier. In the blink of the eye, they were fully suppressed and there was simply not the slightest chance of winning.

But would Gao Giping give them a chance?

“Suppression!”

“Suppression!”

Roaring, the giant spirit palm and red spear shot out again.

The last two peerless experts were standing terror-stricken, their strength sealed by Divine General Gong, falling from the void, sucked into the underground fire spirit sword pit, and completely buried in the lava.

At this moment, in the sky, only Yan Buhui was remaining.

“Boy, go to the underground fire spirit spring and reflect upon yourself.” Gao Diping turned over his hand, when the hand of the Great Spirit God appeared once again, activating lightning flames, inducing fearful rules, twisting time and space, and crushing down at Yan Buhui.

Yan Buhui’s white hair was flying wildly, his eyes were bitingly cold.

“Without these interfering rubbish, let’s have a good fight. Ha ha, Gao Diping, Divine General Gong, your strength, is just so-so...” Yan Buhui did not retreat, howling with laughter as he was looking upwards, exhibiting a ruthless imposing aura and revealing real fierce and vicious fangs——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 436:


Chapter 456, The Fourth Divine General Zhi

“En?”

There was a slight change of expression on Gao Diping’s face.

At this moment, suddenly from Yan Buhui’s body, he felt a very terrifying aura. Because of his strong expert intuition, Gao Diping instantly understood a lot of things. He immediately understood that the Youyan genius from before was unexpectedly suppressing his cultivation skills and had not really shown his true strength yet.

“Interesting, I underestimated you, I didn’t think that in this hundred years, there would be someone like you.” Gao Diping’s figure was like the ancient giant, rays of light radiating from his eyes, as if there were two huge golden swords firing at Yan Buhui. “Come on, let’s see what you really have, that makes the old demons of Snow City value you so much.”

Yan Buhui soared rapidly once again.

Endless black demonic mist was releasing from his body, much darker and denser than the demonic clouds before. It was filled with despair, killing intent, blood-thirst, sadness, pain and other feelings. And these black demonic clouds were wildly tumbling, like something extremely frightening inside was making its way out, sending chills down everyone’s spine.

A grave expression came over Gao Diping’s face.

“Come out, space-time demon god!”

Yan Buhui bellowed again.

A giant black claw was slowly stretching out from the endless dark demon clouds.

It was immediately followed by a violent roar that seemed like could destroy the heavens and earth.

An invisible spiritual power spread out from the dark demon clouds.

Two beams of blood-red light, like two swords dripping with blood, pierced through from the dark demonic clouds. Then a huge mountain-like figure slowly appeared before the eyes of the world. But it was not the dark human-shaped space-time demon spirit from before, but an extremely pitch-black ancient demon bear.

“Bloodthirsty demon bear?” Gao Diping’s eyes were flashing faintly. “Didn’t expect that you can call out the founder of the Snow Ground Demon Court... No wonder that... Come on, junior, let me see how far you have mastered the power of bloodthirsty demon bear.”

Yan Buhui, at lightning speed, instantly sank into the space between the pitch-black demon bear’s eyebrows, fusing with the head of this tremendous monster.

“Roar!”

It was the first appearance of the earth-shattering roar of the ancient great bear of the dark ages in the world.

The terrible sound wave, containing a fierceness and ruthlessness that did not belong to this world, radiated out toward all directions.

“As you wish.”

The dark bear spat out human words.

It was the voice of Yan Buhui.

The grave look within Gao Diping’s eyes was increasingly obvious.

The skill of summoning an ancient time-space demon spirit of ancient times was a supreme sorcery handed down from the Demon Race. It can cross endless currents of time and space, find the shadows and souls of demon clan ancestors that have been annihilated in history, and summon their power to this world for the summoner to use.

This was one of the most supreme secret skills of the Demon Race.

This secret skill was extremely difficult to cultivate, and requires extreme talent.

Even in the vast demon clan, only a few gifted members of the demon clan could master this secret skill.

This Yan Buhui is a traitor of the Human Race, he merely transplanted a few demon bones into his body so it made sense that he gained some ordinary abilities of the demon clan. But he unexpectedly had cultivated the time-space demon spirit summoning skill to such a level, and received recognition from the Snow Ground Demon Court Ancestor. It was simply unbelievable.

“Roar!”

The pitch-black bear roared again.

Its enormous body was leaping in the void, in the most barbarous and direct way, slamming into the Great Spirit God that Gao Diping had transformed into.

At this moment, the dark giant bear was even bigger than the Great Spirit God.

Boom!

These two tremendous bodies fiercely struck into each other in the middle of the air.

In that instant, everyone felt the whole world shaking, their line of sight, and everything were vibrating, the void was breaking apart like a mirror. And then, once again, under the impact of the Law of Heaven and Earth, it was joining back together. This collision had almost shattered the whole world.

The ground of the Imperial Capital was trembling, like the warning signs of an earthquake.

“This place is not suitable for a battle, come with me to the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven.”  Gao Diping laughed wildly. The Great Spirit God soared up, travelling at a speed not commensurate with its stature, disappearing at a higher place.

The dark bear let out a loud roar and followed.

These two giants, one after another, disappeared at the high altitudes of the vault of heaven.

Even with Ye Qingyu’s eyesight, he also could not see the battle between the two.

Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven was a place that only those that have reached the Ascending Heaven stage could enter. It is said to be the extreme limit of the domain, almost into chaos. It is a place where one could get a glimpse of the mysteries of Heaven and Earth, and the reason that Ascending Heaven experts were given this name was because only experts of this level could step into the heaven, detached from the shackles of the Earth, and come to a place like the Pinnacle of the Ninth Heaven.

Such a battlefield was not one that Ye Qingyu could currently get a glimpse of.

With the departure of the two great masters, in the sky above the [Light Palace], the black demon fog was gradually dispersing and the sky was clearing up.

But it was almost evening.

The setting sun was shining on the architecture of the Imperial Capital, giving them a blood-like colour.

In the sky, for some reason, there were white snowflakes drifting across. In the beginning there were only white particles, but soon they were like goose feathers that did not melt when landing on the ground, as though putting on a layer of white gauze on this piece of land, mountains and city.

Ye Qingyu was still gazing at the sky.

[Silver Flowing Light Formation] was protecting the entire City of Light, but Ye Qingyu knew very well that the crisis was not over.

The people that had appeared were not surviving members of the era of sects, but were from the Brute Race Demon Race and other races.

These people should not have appeared in the Imperial Capital, and even more should not be here. It was not possible that no one came despite them causing such disturbance for such a long time. But all this points to the fact that there must be an almighty power behind them.

When those who should not appear here have already ended their respective missions, then, if Ye Qingyu had not guessed wrong, it was the time for those who should appear, to do something.

As expected, in a short while, in the snowy sky above the [Light Palace], a layer of ripples was moving.

Another figure appeared in the sky.

It was a burly and tall figure exhibiting a rotten aura, a dark red demon armour draped over his body. The shape of demon armour was like a sealed metal statue, every part was covered by a piece of dark red metal. A helmet covered his entire face, and there was not even a peephole, but it did not stop the strong rotten aura from seeping out from beneath the metal armour.

When this dark red demon armoured figure appeared in the sky, the pressure that it brought to Ye Qingyu was not much weaker that what he felt with Divine General Gong Gao Diping and Yan Buhui.

“Another Ascending Heaven expert?”

Ye Qingyu fiercely clenched his teeth.

As each one leaves, another takes the stage.

Those mysterious Ascending Heaven experts that come and go in an elusive manner and that were rarely seen, today were appearing one after another, like a bunch of carrots were pulled out of the ground.

And from the aura radiating from this blood-red demon armoured person, he was definitely not standing in the side of the [Light Palace].

The [Silver Flowing Light Formation] should be unable to withstand a blow of this level, but on Ye Qingyu’s side, it seems there was no longer any other people that could be sent out to defend the attack of an Ascending Heaven expert.

Ye Qingyu wrinkled his forehead.

When he was really considering Little Nine’s suggestion of escaping ——

Wen Wan, who has been squatting on one side eating noodles, had just finished the last mouthful of the bowl of noodle soup, licked his lips, slowly stood up and stretched his body, and said with a smile, “It seems that I have to appear, I should give my bones and muscles a good stretch.”

As he was speaking, he slowly took down the black headband that was always on his forehead.

When the headband was taken off, it was as though the power that was sealed within Wen Wan’s body was slowly awakening.

“Little leaf, I told you before. Now you should believe it, I really am a powerful master.”

Wen Wan spoke in a very smug tone, with an expression saying that it was finally his turn to perform. As he was grinning, he stretched his hand forward in the void, as though dragging out a pair of giant blood red axes from the void. He only moved slightly and instantaneously came to the side of the dark red demon armoured figure. The light of the axe, bright as the moon, was slashing across his waist.

The armoured figure defended the attack with his arms.

The blood-red axe struck against the arm armour, producing a loud boom, and in the midst of sparks shooting out in all directions, deep cracks were spreading across the arm armour and the arm armour had sunken in.

However, the next moment, as the figures moved past each other, the blood-coloured demon armour had returned to normal.

“[Blood Moon Demon Armour]... ...[Heart Deception War Demon]? One hundred years ago, the Empire deployed the Imperial army along the border, and the five Great Divine Generals of the [Light Palace] destroyed the Blood Moon Demon Sect, none should remain, yet you survived?” Wen Wan narrowed his eyes, the giant axes adopting a strange position, with one behind the other, and a blood-like flame light was flowing out from the axe blade.

“Blood axe... you are the fourth Divine General Zhi?” Under the helmet of the blood red-armoured figure came a voice that sounded like two pieces of rusty iron rubbing against each other, completely devoid of emotions.

Wen Wan nodded.

On the ground.

Ye Qingyu opened his mouth.

He had heard the dialogue between them.

The content of the dialogue was a complete shock to Ye Qingyu, as shocking as the fact that old man Su turned out to be Divine General Gong.

Wen Wan was the forth Divine General Zhi of the Five Great Divine Generals?

How was that possible?

Ye Qingyu was not familiar with old man Su, so he was unable to identify him as Divine General Gong. But ever since Ye Qingyu entered White Deer Academy, then Youyan Pass and then the Imperial Capital, Wen Wan had been in Ye Qingyu’s life. Ye Qingyu felt that he knew Wen Wan too well, but the idea that Wen Wan had such an important identity had never occurred to him——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

