Chapter 137:


Chapter 138 – Hang Him for Six Hours

Zhao Ruyun stared at Ye Qingyu in fear.

Both his hands were nearly crippled. The skin on it had broken apart and the flesh was lacerated. His veins and white bones were exposed. He had already lost all sensation in them, as if his hands did not belong to himself any longer.

The sword was still stabbed into the stone beam, not stopping in its vibration.

Ye Qingyu had only lightly flicked it with his finger. To think that the force of that movement would be this powerful. Zhao Ruyun had thirteen Spirit springs of strength, yet his sword blade was shaking to such an extent that he could not suppress it. Rather, the vibrations had shuddered his arms till it bled and ripped apart…

“It seems right now, you know just who I mother fucking am.” Ye Qingyu looked at the fearful and shocked face of Zhao Ruyun. Throwing the deputy seal that had been turned into shackles in front of Zhao Ruyun, he said, “Don’t make me say it three times. Wear it yourself.”

The figure of Zhao Ruyun instinctively quivered.

“You are not… you should only have three Spirit springs, you…” Zhao Ruyun constantly retreated.

“Eh? You have spent an entire three days and you only managed to find out such information?” Ye Qingyu shrugged his shoulders. “I’m sorry, I’ve made you disappointed. Your news seems to be out of date already.”

“Just how… just how strong are you?” Zhao Ruyun knew in his heart that the situation was far from good.

“You guess.” Ye Qingyu was smiling but not smiling, shaking his head. “If you can’t guess it, then I won’t tell you.

Zhao Ruyun opened his mouth.

He had a sensation of complete collapse.

The other military officers stared at each other.

And at this instant, without knowing why, a phrase appeared in their hearts—

Playing the fool and feigning madness.

From the beginning, this newly appointed patrolling sword envoy Ye Qingyu acted as if he was an idiot child rookie that did not know the rules. In the midst of the mocking laughter of everyone, he stated his requests with a smile. And just when everyone expected Zhao Ruyun to settle this stupid patrolling sword envoy, the situation instantly flipped around…

The others turned their head to look at scholarly young man Yi Sance.

Very evidently, even if Yi Sance had borrowed the power of the Pass Lord’s residence, he had not managed to discover Ye Qingyu’s true power.

Zhao Ruyun, with his thirteen Spirit springs, was defeated in an instant by Ye Qingyu’s one finger. This was not something that a student of White Deer Academy that only had three Spirit springs outlined in the report could do.

Yi Sance continued to tightly frown, not saying anything.

He was also somewhat stupefied.

According to reason, it was not possible for the information channels of the Pass Lord’s residence to be wrong.

Within, just where had the mistake been made?

A person that even the Pass Lord’s residence was not able to investigate fully, then, just how terrifying was his background?

Only a slight thought was enough to make someone’s heart cold.

And within the group, the guerilla officer’s expression was even worse than having eaten shit. Furtively, he retreated. At this moment, he hated the fact that he could not tear apart his own mouth. If he long knew the terrifying power of Ye Qingyu, he absolutely would not have said anything. As he recalled what he did, his intentionally exaggerated laughter was equivalent to an elderly person ingesting poison – disliking the fact that they had lived a long life.

Lin Lang prayed in his heart that Ye Qingyu did not notice him.

But it seemed like the prayers had an opposite effect.

Because in the next instant, Ye Qingyu’s gaze descended upon him.

Lin Lang quivered fiercely and forced a smile that was hard to behold on his face. “I…”

Ye Qingyu also looked at him with a smile that was not a smile. “How about it? Do you feel right now that I am very funny?”

Lin Lang shook his head like a drum shaped rattle.

Ye Qingyu snorted with disdain, his expression becoming severe, and mercilessly insulted him, “A coward without any guts. Such a gutless little ghost, just how did they become a guerilla officer? How do you command soldiers to fight in the war? No wonder Wen Wan looks down on you. To have ran from the battlefield, scram to one side. If you stand in my eyesight, you’ll make my mood even worse.”

Every word and every phrase was like a spear or blade, cruelly stabbing onto Lin Lang’s body.

Lin Lang’s face was ashen white, shivering. But ultimately he did not dare to even say one word in retaliation, moving to the side.

Ye Qingyu completely did not pay attention him, his gaze once again returning to Zhao Ruyun’s face. Coldly smiling he asked. “Are you going to put on the shackles yourself, or do you need my help?”

Zhao Ruyun shuddered.

A patrolling sword envoy with low strength had no authority whatsoever, and was not even worth mentioning.

But a patrolling sword envoy with terrifying power was absolutely a character that made people fear whenever they laid eyes on him.

Right now, he absolutely regretted everything. That day, he should not have been greedy for the set of flying blades [Flowing Light in the Stars] and beat the White Horse sword slave so cruelly.

“I… I…” Zhao Ruyun’s face was a vivid white, biting his teeth. “I am willing to return the thirty-six flying blades, and in this matter, I accept I was in the wrong.”

Ye Qingyu chuckled.

“I gave you a choice, but you did not choose. Right now, you don’t have a choice anymore.” Ye Qingyu did not have the slightest intention to reach a compromise, pressing forward step by step. “This is fine too, I don’t want to take advantage of you. Hang yourself on the [Punishment Pillars] for six hours, and this matter will be said to have passed.”

“You…” Zhao Ruyun’s complexion began to be tinged with the red of rage, and in a low voice he said angrily, “Don’t push things too far.”

Ye Qingyu smiled. “As you please. If you don’t want to hang yourself, then I’ll seal away your inner yuan and hang you myself. It is just the same.”

As he said this, he prepared to act.

Zhao Ruyun widened his eyes and stepped backwards. “Everyone, could it be that you are just going to watch? Today, he will stamp on my face, tomorrow he will stamp on your head. If he hangs me on the [Punishment Pillar], then the face of the Cool Breeze Mountain Faction is completely lost. In the future, in the military, can you guys still lift your heads up high?”

As these words were said, the expression of the military officers changed.

Especially the furious black-bearded burly man with leopard eyes that had previously spoken. “Brother Zhao words are correct. Today either he dies or we live. Everyone charge together, even if it is escalated in front of the Pass Lord, we are in the right with so many people. Could it be that we are afraid of him?”

As he said this, he took a large stride and pressed closer, the yuan qi light around him activating.

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly. “A bunch of retards gathering together, treating themselves as the heroes of the military. They are shameless enough to claim they are brave. You really want to make someone laugh until their teeth falls out. Arrogance and braggery, little clowns that jump on a ledge… I peh, good, good, good. You group of rookies, just charge all together at once.”

As he said this, he took a stride forward.

His figure was extremely quick. Nearly in an instant, he appeared in front of the burly man and lifted his hand to form a punch…

“To compete in strength with me…” The burly military officer coldly smiled, similarly striking with a punch in return.

Boom!

An explosive turbulence surged.

His cold smile froze, then he was directly struck flying backwards.

The burly man’s figure was like a sack being sent flying backwards. Crushing stone chairs and tables on his path, he could not stop, finally fiercely hitting the wall of the stone hall. Then he spat out a jet of blood, his body becoming completely soft and limp.

He could not even withstand one strike by Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu waved his hands, not stopping. His figure flashing, he came in front of another military officer.

His silhouette was like a ghost, extremely rapid. Because of the high speed, his silhouette became somewhat blurred, and in the air there was vague after images.

The military officers could not react. One after another, they were struck under their chins, directly sent flying.

Pak!

The military officers struck the wall of the stone hall, the hall fiercely shaking.

And nearly at the same time, Lin Lang felt his vision blurring. The figure of Ye Qingyu ten meters away was still there, but in front of him was bizarrely another silhouette of Ye Qingyu.

Lin Lang instinctively felt a chill, then felt a numbness in his chin, being sent soaring.

Within the air, he was able to see an even more shocking scene.

Within the stone hall, there were suddenly four or five Ye Qingyu’s that appeared, constantly punching out. And the other military officers, apart from the scholarly officer Yi Sance, was struck flying by Ye Qingyu’s punches without exception.

Because his speed was too fast, he left behind after images.

Ye Qingyu’s speed had already exceeded the limits of vision of a normal person.

Only the Yi Sance with twenty-three Spirit springs managed to barely block Ye Qingyu’s fist. But when hit, his entire person was also sent backwards. Consecutively crushing three tables, his back pressed against the stone pillar of the hall. All of a sudden, he used a technique to divert the force of Ye Qingyu’s fist, completely transferring it onto the stone pillar behind him. With a light sound of friction, a crack appeared in the stone pillar behind him…

Even if so, Yi Sance felt the blood in his chest roiling, nearly spurting out a jet of blood.

And at the same time, the four or five after images of Ye Qingyu in the hall quickly transformed back into one person.

“The [Flowing Light of the Stars], just where is it?” Ye Qingyu looked towards Zhao Ruyun.

Zhao Ruyun had long been scared witless, not even daring to say a word of rebuttal. Rushing, from the dimensional pouch on his body, he took the blades’ sheath made from beast skin. The thirty-six flying blades were all held within.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, stowing away the set of flying blades.

He extended his hand, the deputy seal transforming into shackles. With a click, it was locked onto the hands of Zhao Ruyun.

Zhao Ruyun was about to resist, and could immediately see Ye Qingyu lowering his head and giving him a glance. His expression calm and peaceful, he said, “Go, go go. Go resist… I’ve long wanted to play with you to your death. I only need an excuse. Go, don’t make me disappointed.”

Zhao Ruyun was dumbfounded.

The patrolling sword envoy had the power to first execute then report amongst the middle level officers.

If Ye Qingyu really wanted to kill him, he did not have to pay any sort of price whatsoever for it.

As he thought of this, Zhao Ruyun heart turned icy cold.

The formation patterns on the shackles of the deputy seal began activating, like a pattern of light, surging with dim golden lines of lights. Entering into Zhao Ruyun skin, it completely sealed away his meridians. His inner yuan was not allowed to activate and hence his strength was not able to be released…

Ye Qingyu did not say anything more. Turning and bringing Zhao Ruyun away, he left the hall under the gaze of the other officers.

Xiu!

And as for the official seal on the floor, it transformed into light that flew back into Ye Qingyu’s hands.

Outside the hall, there were hundreds of armoured soldiers holding spears surrounding the hall. They were completely cautious and prepared. As they saw Ye Qingyu coming out, every spear pointed at him. The tips of the blades were icy cold, the white-coloured blades flickering, killing intent permeating the air.

Ye Qingyu only smiled, and brought the Zhao Ruyun who did not struggle in the slightest away. He walked straight at them.

The armoured soldiers did not dare not to retreat.

When he reached the gates of the supply department, Ye Qingyu lifted Zhao Ruyun and flew through the air. He secured him on top of an ice pillar.

“Only after fulfilling six hours is he allowed be let off. If you dare release him before his time is up, then I’ll personally come and hang him once again. If you come down early, for every breath that you come down early by, I’ll hang you for another two hours.” Ye Qingyu returned to the ground. Within the scene of being surrounded by hundreds of armoured soldiers, he lightly clapped his hands, turning and leaving.

The hundreds soldiers of the supply department did not dare block him.

The officers who had rushed out of the stone hall did not dare to take any actions whatsoever. They only stared at Ye Qingyu as he disappeared far away.

One person… was enough to suppress an entire department.

One person… was enough to win against a hundred.

They knew that today, they had completely made an error.

The Cool Breeze Mountain Faction that was a middling power had completely lost.

And even if they wanted to take revenge later, this was not a simple matter.

And as for the patrolling sword envoy called Ye Qingyu, from today onwards, he would likely attract the attention of all parties. Such a forceful patrolling sword envoy was an existence they had to be wary of, no matter who the person was.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 138:


Chapter 139 – Suspicion

On the returning path back, Ye Qingyu’s mood was much better.

“I really can’t understand, Zhao Ruyun and those other people, why can’t they just properly perform the role of a military officer? Why must they cause such a ruckus, and make people hit their faces?” Ye Qingyu shook his head. “Do they really have pig brains? Every soldier should be clear on what the role of a patrolling sword envoy is, yet they must come and incite me…”

Because of such people, Ye Qingyu felt sorrowful.

Previously when he was at White Deer Academy, he had felt that the schemes and machinations between the noble families had nearly caused Deer City to completely rot. It did not have the drive or unity of days gone past. The so called uniting and resisting against the Demon Race together, to protect the survival of their race, seemed to be more like a joke.

Ye Qingyu had originally thought, that such things, would not happen in the army.

It would especially not happen in such an important military frontier.

But from the current situation, it really made him disappointed.

Within Youyan Pass, it was yet still the fights and struggles between factions. The so called noble families, the backbone of the young guard, their conduct was no different from the noble families within Deer City. They still emitted the smell of rotting decay. It was completely different from Ye Qingyu’s initial imagination where everyone was united and the atmosphere was sincere and harmonious.

And such was the things Ye Qingyu encountered by coincidence despite being here for less than ten days.

If he stayed here even longer, would he meet up with things even more shocking than this?

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu could not but sigh.

If the army of Youyan Pass had people like Zhao Ruyun and Lin Lang, just how could they protect the frontier that was of utmost importance to the country? Just how long could it remain protected for?

Sooner or later, there would most likely be a day where the Pass would be broken past by the Snow Ground Demon Court?

Ye Qingyu lifted his head to look at the colour of the sky.

Snowflakes again floated through the air.

“The ten days of temporary rest is about to end. Three days later, I will officially take over this position, patrolling inside and outside Youyan Pass.”

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that to be appointed as the patrolling sword envoy was a fortunate matter. At least, if he wanted to do something to change the situation in the Pass, then the position of patrolling sword envoy made this much more convenient. He could do as he wished for many things.

“Then let’s try. As a member of the Human Race, I can’t just go along with the tides. My parents died in the battle to protect Deer City. I will not allow their military badge to become shamed.”

“Even if I cannot reverse the tides in this crisis, but I must at least become a cornerstone in the Pass. The gutlessness and degeneration of others cannot become the excuse for my retreat. Even if it is extremely difficult, I still have to forge ahead. I must believe that scum like Zhao Ruyun are only in the minority. Hard and stubborn men like Wen Wan are the true soldiers. This is where the true hope of the continuation of the Human Race lies.”

Ye Qingyu walked amidst the snowy wind, his will becoming more and more determined.

After thinking through this point, all the negative emotions in his heart was completely swept away. His mood became pure and clean.

The yuan qi in his body, as if he could sense Ye Qingyu’s mood, immediately flowed much smoother than before.

A faint smile appeared on Ye Qingyu’s face.

“The control of inner yuan in my body has yet again increased to another level. If previously, I had only barely managed to control my fifteen Spirit springs of inner yuan, then right now I could be said to be well practiced in controlling it.” As he walked, he attempted to activate his inner yuan. As expected, the flow of inner yuan in his body had become much more smooth, with it being much more easy to control.

“The martial heart… that’s right, a martial artist not only has to train his body and his qi, he also has to train his heart. Only when his heart has completely integrated, can his martial path be completely integrated.”

Ye Qingyu faintly felt that he had begun to come into contact with a new door in the martial path.

An expert was first and foremost, a human.

A human had a heart.

If his heart was not complete, no matter what martial path they cultivated in, it would not be complete.

“The battle just now with Zhao Ruyun and the others can be counted as an important experience in fighting. Amongst those officers, that scholarly young man’s strength is above twenty Spirits springs. Only by activating the [First Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] could I defeat him… This is the first time after I’ve oame into contact with the profoundness of the [Limitless Divine Way] that I truly utilized the [Limitless Divine Way] in real practical battle. It is definitely amazing. If not for grasping this divine ability, the person who would be hung on the [Punishment Pillar] would have been myself.”

Thinking back to the previous battle, Ye Qingyu had really been lucky.

But this battle was the first true martial battle he had after his strength had multiplied.

From Ye Qingyu’s perspective, it seemed like he had completely suppressed his opponents. But the understanding and comprehension he was able to harvest from this battle was really significant.

It was enough for him to slowly recall and ponder over in the next three or four days.

……

An hour later.

Ye Qingyu returned to White Horse Tower.

The White Horse sword slave Bai Yuanxing was in a wheelchair pushed by the servant girl, silently and patiently waiting at the doors.

Only until he saw Ye Qingyu coming back with no injuries at all, could Bai Yuanxing let out a breath of relief.

He was not aware of what had occurred in the military supply department. But from superior Ye Qingyu’s facial expression, it seemed like something good had occurred?

“Superior.” Bai Yuanxing wanted to stand up.

Ye Qingyu pressed down on his shoulder. “Return and rest. In the future, there will be many matters that I will rely on you for. Right now, the most important matter is for your injuries to quickly recover. I can’t stay everyday within White Horse Tower to take care of you.”

Bai Yuanxing was horrified at the thought of this.

He quickly asked the servant girl to push himself back to his own room.

Ye Qingyu ascended the stairs to the fourth floor, sitting at the prayer mat before the window. As he looked at the inky black night outside and the snowstorm that was becoming more and more violent, he activated the nameless breathing technique. Absorbing the yuan qi in Heaven and Earth, he began cultivating his heart and qi.

The Ye Qingyu who was completely concentrated in cultivating did not know that in this inky black icy night, there were countless people that were currently agitated.

The matter that occurred in the stone hall, before Ye Qingyu had even returned to White Horse Tower, began spreading out at a crazy speed.

…… ……

Pass Lord’s Residence.

In the saffron yellow light of the formation lantern, in a room on the third floor of the Military council pavilion, nothing was left unlit.

A lean faced middle-aged man was currently bent over his desk, reading through scrolls

On the mahogany desk, there was a small mountain of scrolls.

As the middle-aged man evaluated the scrolls, his cinnabar red brush would constantly annotate these scrolls. Sometimes he would frown, sometimes he would laugh, his movements elegant. The speed at which he read each scroll was extremely rapid. Every time he finished a scroll, he would once again place it back to its position according to the categories. Everything was ordered and organized.

A boy with his hair in a little bun stood next to the desk. While he grinded the ink, he also covered his mouth and yawned, seeming to be extremely tired.

“Mister, it’s going to be the latter half of the night soon. You should rest early,” the boy reminded the middle-aged man from beside him.

The middle-aged man smiled. “No rush, no rush.”

The boy pressed his lips together. “Mister you are not in a rush, but Xing’er I can nearly withstand it no longer. You are working to such an hour again, if this is known by the Pass Lord, he will definitely punish Xing’er again.” As he said this, the boy went over, grabbing the arm of the middle-aged man, pulling him away, not allowing him to continue reading the scrolls.

The middle-aged man helplessly smiled, shaking his head. “I’ve really spoiled you. Fine, fine, fine, lets rest for tonight…”

Before he had finished.

Tap.Tap.Tap.

The sound of knocking came.

A silver-armoured warrior entered, both his hands holding a dim golden-coloured scroll. He presented it in front of the middle-aged man.

The boy’s expression instantly changed the moment he saw the colour of the scroll.

The laughter on the middle-aged man disappeared completely in this instant. Lifting his hand, an invisible energy grasped the dim gold scroll and placed it within his hands.

The silver-armoured warrior went out, shutting the door from outside.

The middle-aged man opened the scroll, his eyes scanning. His first expression was surprise, then he lightly shook his head. A complicated expression flashed by through his face.

The boy could not help but stand on tip toes, curiously asking, “Mister, the golden scroll has already not appeared for months of time. Just what is written on it? Is it that the Snow Ground Demon Court has taken some new actions?”

The middle-aged man gave him a glance. “Do you still remember the young man that came to report from White Deer Academy several days ago?”

The boy nodded his head. “Is it that little kid called Ye Qingyu? I have some impression. Hehe, he seems somewhat stupid, wooden and slow. I guess that he won’t have a good time in his days at Youyan Pass… But could it be that on the dim golden scroll is information about him? I’ve already had a look at his previous scrolls. He’s only a little fellow at the three Spirit springs stage…”

The middle-aged man shook his head. “This time, Mister I have overlooked something. Xing’er you have also overlooked something.”

As he said this, he handed the dim golden scroll to the boy.

The dim golden scroll, represented information that was extremely confidential within Youyan Pass. Even if it was military officers or leaders at the middle level, they did not possess the requirement to read the contents of the scroll. Apart from the Pass Lord Lu Zhaoge, only the confidant advisers within the [Military Council Pavilion] had right of access. The middle-aged man’s surname was Liu. He was namely the Mister Liu that had received Ye Qingyu on the day he arrived. Xing’er was a little student that he kept beside him. To so casually give such a secret and confidential scroll for him to read, one was able to see how much he trusted and spoiled Xing’er.

Xing’er laughingly took the scroll, glancing through it several times. “The young guard of the Cool Breeze Mountain, although they can’t amount to much, at least there are several notable characters within that group. Especially advisor Yi Sance, he can definitely be ranked in the top one hundred of officers under forty years of age. Pass Lord admires him very much and therefore allowed him to enter the residence. Who would have thought that he would be fiercely beaten in his face by Ye Qingyu? This newly arrived patrolling sword envy, really doesn’t show his true colours.”

Mister Liu slowly stood up, stretching his back, then said, “The report of the Pass Lord’s residence cannot be wrong. One month ago, this Ye Qingyu was really at the level of three Spirit springs. After disappearing for a month and coming back, he can already completely dominate the advisor Yi Sance who is at twenty-three Spirit springs just by raising his hands… If my guess is not wrong, there must be something that has happened in this month, to cause this transformation. This allowed Ye Qingyu’s strength to explosively increase.”

“In just one month of time, his power can increase by that much?” On the fair little face of Xing’er, an incredulous expression was seen. “That can’t be too possible? This is far too universally shocking…”

“There are far too many inexplicable matters in this world. If my memory serves me correctly, the Demon Race has a technique that can allow a person’s strength to increase tens of times in a short amount of time…” On Mister Liu’s face, he had a seriousness that was never seen before.

Xing’er covered his mouth, “Mister, are you suspecting, that Ye Qingyu is connected to the Demon Race?”

Mister Liu nodded his head. “Precautions must be taken.”

“But…” Xing’er hesitated. “But he is an inheritor of a heroic military badge, how could he…”

Mister Liu sighed. “Therefore, such a matter must be handled carefully. In these years, the Snow Ground Demon Court is beginning to stir. The chaotic situation at the frontier is becoming more and more impossible to unravel. The treachery of the Demon Race must be guarded against… I will prepare to go see the Pass Lord. You can follow me along to see him.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 139:


Chapter 140 – The Notoriety of a Tool

Youyan Pass, Vanguard camp.

Within the army of Youyan Pass, the Vanguard possessed the strongest attacking and invasive power. In the main battle force, within the four great camps, the vanguard was unquestionably the one with the greatest fame.

The number of people in the Vanguard was also the greatest.

According to normal arrangements, for the Vanguard, there were forty warfare officers. The number of soldiers under each officer’s command was not the same. Those that were strong could easily command five hundred, and those with lackluster ability could only command around two hundred. But in these years, as the relationship between Snow Country and the Snow Ground Demon Court became more and more tense, there were more and more frictions, The vanguard had already been expanded three times, with now over a hundred warfare officers. The normal soldiers were three or four times that of its normal numbers.

Wen Wan had arrived in Youyan Pass for less than half a year of time.

But even within the hundreds of warfare officers in the Vanguard, he was already well known and famous.

Not only was this because Wen Wan’s personal strength was exceptional, he had already fought in several marvelous battles where he annihilated the enemy. His troops, the [Silver Armoured Soldiers] also became famous through such battles. It caused the ordinary Snow Ground Demon Race to smell the wind and lose their courage*. Because of his forceful temperament, if he saw things that he did not like, he would definitely interfere. On the battlefield, he fought without regard to his life and outside the battlefield, he had even more fearlessly contradicted the commander of the Vanguard, Liu Siufeng. He was known as both the [Violent Officer] and the [Brash Officer].

Very many people saw Wen Wan as the new star of the Vanguard camp.

Even Liu Siufeng, the commander in chief of the Vanguard who Wen Wan had a small conflict with, had even once privately indicated that he admired this fierce warrior very much.

According to normal development, the rise of Wen Wan was something that would happen sooner or later.

But who could have guessed that three days ago, the military authority of Wen Wan was taken away. He was captured by the disciplinary squad of the Vanguard camp.

For what reason?

No one could explain.

Even the camp of the [Silver Armoured Soldiers] was being watched over by experts.

These silver armoured men with white helmets had followed behind Wen Wan to fight for hundreds of battles. They were utterly loyal to their leader. Ever since Wen Wan’s military position was taken from him, these two hundred and twenty men had not rested, but they also did not riot or protest. They only sat silently within their camp, anxiously waiting for the return of their commander.

Within the night air, the snow became greater and greater.

The chilling wind were like blades.

This was the fourth night that Wen Wan had been captured.

At the temporary resting place of the disciplinary squad of the vanguard.

Four steel pillars three-meter-high were deeply embedded onto the ground in a formation. The formations carved on these pillars was activated, creating an invisible energy field in the air. It prevented all observation from the outside, enveloping the entire disciplinary squad of the vanguard inside.

If you were outside and was watching from far away, you could only see the rippling light. There was no way to discern what was exactly on the inside. One could only see the vague shape of three black tents.

[Four Dragon Light Prison].

This was the metal formation that the disciplinary squad used to hold and interrogate criminal suspects.

Once the four formation pillars were buried under the ground, and the formation activated, it would warp even light itself. If you were under the Bitter Sea stage and trapped within, this was absolutely something you could not escape from.

One could say the disciplinary squad was a character that everyone in the Vanguard feared. Similar in role to the patrolling sword envoy, they were the high watchers of Youyan Pass. The disciplinary squad was the black faced judge of the Vanguard. No matter whether it was a soldier or an officer, once they caught the eye of the disciplinary squad, there was a ninety-nine percent chance they would be found suspect. In many cases, once you were invited into the [Four Dragon Light Prison], it signified that your career in the future was completely finished.

No military officers judged by the disciplinary team had ever been spared.

When they saw that Wen Wan was forced into the [Four Dragon Light Prison], the entire vanguard was shaken.

Some people were delighted.

Some people were suspicious.

Some people sighed.

Of course, there were some that didn’t care.

And as for the person who did not care the most, he was Wen Wan himself.

He did not have the attitude of other military officers when the disciplinary squad arrived. He did not exhibit a fearful expression like the apocalypse had arrived. Instead, Wen Wan possessed the countenance of a curious spectator. He walked step by step into the [Four Dragon Light Prison] and curiously extended his hands to touch the formation pillar, a smile cracking open at his mouth.

Such a performance made the man who led this group of disciplinary soldiers sit up and take notice

“You’re not afraid?” Zhou Yinan asked Wen Wan curiously.

“Why should I be afraid?” Wen Wan, against expectations, had a countenance like that of a curious baby, widening his eyes and looking at Zhou Yinan.

Zhou Yinan said with a smile, “Because apart from you, every military officer that entered the [Four Dragon Light Prison], no matter whether they are a noble officer with deep family background, they would be shivering in fear. I have seen far too many people’s mentality completely collapsing in the instant they enter into the [Four Dragon Light Prison]. Some cry and go crazy, some weep bitterly, and there are some that insult and curse. The ultimate reason for this behaviour is fear. But this is my first time witnessing someone bringing a smile when they entered.

Wen Wan slapped his chest, chuckling loudly. “Your father I has done no wrong, so there is no need to be afraid. Besides…”

As he said this, the fellow mysteriously whispered near the ear of Zhou Yinan, “And to tell you honestly, I am person with an extremely great background. Today you guys will capture me, but very quickly you will respectfully release and see me off.”

Zhou Yinan hesitated, then immediately smiled faintly. “Then I can only wish you good luck.”

During these days, Zhou Yinan had always carefully observed Wen Wan.

When the disciplinary squad interrogated someone, they would basically use torture, making someone feel so much pain they did not want to live anymore. But under Zhou Yinan’s directions, this time their attitude towards Wen Wan was much gentler. There were basically no great tortures used and only occasionally throwing a punch or two his way. This was the reason that this fellow was still so arrogant and mouthy

Therefore, throughout these days, the disciplinary squad still had not managed to obtain any sort of information.

Outside the large tent.

Zhou Yinan with black armour all over his body and a long sword at his waist, stood within the snow storm, deep in thought.

“Superior, if we don’t use the great tortures, this goes against regulations,” a member of the disciplinary squad spoke in a low voice beside Zhou Yinan.

Zhou Yinan did not say anything.

Without knowing why, the instant he arrested Wen Wan, he felt that this matter was definitely not as simple as it was on the surface. Although the order was personally passed down by the captain of the disciplinary squad, but Zhou Yinan’s intuition told him to not take things too far with Wen Wan. Perhaps for himself, perhaps for the entire disciplinary squad, this would prove beneficial.

“Superior, superior?” The member of the disciplinary team continued to speak beside his ear. “The time of five days is about to pass. The captain personally issued this case. If we continue to tarry, I fear there will be consequences.”

Zhou Yinan turned his head and gave him a glance, hesitating for a bit. He then said, “Wait for a little longer.”

The disciplinary member hearing this, shook his head, not saying anything more.

The disciplinary squad of the Vanguard was split into six groups. All these groups were under the command of the captain. Zhou Yinan was the leader of the fourth group, and in these years, he had solved many cases. But because his personality was far too straightforward and unbending he had not been promoted in these years. His footsteps had stopped and remained stationary. The members who followed him to solve cases, were the same people again and again, also without prospects for much development.

At this time, a strange change occurred.

As a strange roiling noise sounded, one could see the light screen at the exterior [Four Dragon Light Prison] shuddering. A door of light appeared.

Two people came from the outside.

The person at the lead was somewhat skinny and short, not even one meter six. Wearing a black robe, he had a beard and a dark complexion. He did not emit any sort of imposing manner whatsoever, but his entire person gave off a gloomy and ruthless aura. As if the air around him was warping, he gave an incomparably strange feeling. Even the heart of someone looking at him for the first time would palpitate unwillingly with fear.

There was a young man following behind him. With an eagle shaped nose and a treacherous face, he was a man under Zhou Yinan’s command, the disciplinary soldier Kang Yu.

“Superior!”

“We pay respects to the superior.”

Zhou Yinan and the others quickly rushed to pay their respects.

This thin and short middle-aged man was namely the captain of the disciplinary squad, Lai Junchen.

“No need.” Lai Junchen’s face had a smile. “How goes the interrogation of the suspect?”

Zhou Yinan hesitated, lowering his head. “This… I still cannot find anything of use.”

“Did you not manage to interrogate anything of use, or did you not interrogate at all?” Lai Junchen asked with a laugh that was not a laugh.

Zhou Yinan did not dare to say anything.

The moment he saw Kang Yu, he knew that matters had not progressed according to his plan.

The young man called Kang Yu was originally a disciplinary member that he had did his utmost to nourish and develop. But later on, he discovered that this young man chased after immediate rewards, favouring extreme methods. If it benefited him, he did not care about the truth at all. As a result of this, afterwards Zhou Yinan gradually distanced himself from Kang Yu, becoming estranged. It seemed like Kang Yu had brought the captain Lai Junchen over here, running to Lai Junchen’s place to report to him for what he had done.

“I am really curious, just what kind of person he is, that you Zhou Yinan don’t dare interrogate.” Lai Junchen had his eyes squinted, without any obvious display of happiness or rage. “Fine, if you don’t want to interrogate, then I won’t make things hard on you. Just leave this matter for Kang Yu to handle.

Kang Yu’s expression immediately showed delight.

He knew that his opportunity had arrived.

Accepting the order, he headed towards the large tent holding Wen Wan.

Zhou Yinan still wanted to say something, but Lai Junchen waved his hands quickly, indicating for him to not speak anymore.

“I know of your intentions. Wen Wan can be counted as a fierce warrior and sparing him will have definite benefits for the Pass. But such a matter is not a decision that can be made by you or me…” Without anyone else around, the Lai Junchen that was known as a butcher within the Pass, displayed a rare patience for the first time. “Yinan, you must be clear, in such turbulent and troubled times, humans are like dogs. We are just the dogs of the army. Those who we bite and don’t bite, these are often things that we can decide for ourselves. Whether Wen Wan is deserving of his punishment does not matter; you can’t protect him and neither can I. Everything will be gone when he leaves. You don’t want to be an evil person, then let Kang Yu bear that crime. I still have great trust in you.”

“Superior.” Zhou Yinan had a face of someone emotionally moved. “Why must you make things so hard for yourself, in reality… I have always known, that superior you are in a difficult situation. Others only see you causing bloody scenes within the army, but they don’t know about your well-meaning intentions. It is namely your methods that has suppressed and shocked the restless nobles in the army. It is what allows Youyan Pass to be like a steel board. There is no need for you to explain, it is only that…”

Lai Junchen slapped Zhou Yinan on the shoulder, bitterly smiling.

*Become afraid when they heard his name

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 140:


Chapter 141 – Let’s Negotiate

This person had always been known as the butcher of the army. Lai Junchen felt that Zhou Yinan was very much like himself when he began, with perseverance and hesitation. Zhou Yinan’s heart was brimming with contradictions, but every time he handled a case he would give his utmost. He was not afraid of offending someone and somewhat soft hearted. Therefore, he had especially looked upon Zhou Yinan with favour. There were many instances where Zhou Yinan had offended his superiors yet Lai Junchen had not punished him for this.

Even Lai Junchen himself did not know just what kind of thinking this was.

Was he hoping that Zhou Yinan would not become like himself, neglecting right and wrong and only caring about results? Or did he hope that Zhou Yinan was able to maintain his current state, bringing a light breeze within the disciplinary squad? Did he hope that Zhou Yinan would not become like the others of the disciplinary squad, where there was no difference between them and a tool?

He was about to say something, when another strange change occurred.

Outside of the [Four Dragon Light Prison], the strange whistle of a sword sounded.

The colour of Lai Junchen’s face changed. His finger pointed out, and an oval door opened on the formation light screen. A silver sword light passed through the oval door. In an instant, it appeared in front of Lai Junchen and Zhou Yinan, transforming into a little sword the width of a finger, floating in midair. Rotating, there were strange formations activating around the little green sword.

Green light sword order!

This was the green light sword order of the general of the Vanguard.

Lai Junchen closed his eyes, his mouth moving, saying something. It was as if he was communicating with this sword order.

Half a moment later, the green light sword order flashed, soaring into the skies. It disappeared back into the night air.

Lai Junchen glanced at the astonished Zhou Yinan next to him, smiling. “Your intuition is sometimes very accurate. The general has ordered for Wen Wan to be released without any punishment.”

Zhou Yinan was dumbfounded.

“This Wen Wan can be counted as fortunate. He is even able to make superior Liu Siufeng act to order us to release someone.” In the pupils of Lai Junchen’s eyes, a strange radiance was hidden. “It seems like superior Liu Siufeng really cares about this Wen Wan…”

Before he had finished.

“Ao—!!”

The strange screech of an eagle, sounded from outside the [Four Dragon Light Prison].

Zhou Yinan’s face greatly changed.

Even Lai Junchen’s heart shuddered slightly.

They could only see a giant black eagle sweeping down. Its wings were like divine electric blades. Meeting no resistance, it shot past the light screen of the [Four Dragon Light Prison], rushing before the two. Finally transforming into a huddle of black light, it landed on Lai Junchen’s hand, becoming a black eagle jade piece.

The black eagle jade piece of the Pass Lord’s Residence.

It was an item used to convey messages from the Pass Lord’s residence. It possessed an even greater authority than the green light sword order.

Lai Junchen suppressed the shock in his heart. Activating his inner yuan, he retrieved the information held within.

Ten breaths later, the black jade eagle piece once again returned to becoming a huge eagle, soaring into the skies.

Lai Junchen did not dare tarry. Along with Zhou Yinan, he respectfully sent the black eagle jade piece off.

Within Youyan Pass, the black eagle jade piece represented ultimate authority. The information that was contained within was not something they could disobey or query.

“Superior, just what has happened?” Zhou Yinan curiously asked. No matter what kind of military message was contained within the black eagle jade piece, this event signified something great occurring.

Lai Junchen was silent for a long while. Deeply breathing in, he turned his head to look at Zhou Yinan. In a strange tone, “I really want to know now just what kind of background that Wen Wan has. Not only does superior Liu Siufeng wants to save him, now even the Pass Lord’s residence has sent out a military order for me to immediately release Wen Wan… it seems like we have kicked a bee’s nest.”

Zhou Yinan was dumbfounded.

He had never thought that the arrival of the black eagle jade piece was for Wen Wan.

This was far too inexplicable.

Within Zhou Yinan’s memory, there had never been such a precedent. The black eagle jade piece from the Pass Lord’s residence, came for just a military officer?

He nearly could not restrain himself from asking, just what was Wen Wan’s background, that he had such power?

Zhou Yinan could not help but remember the words that Wen Wan had once said a few days ago—

“And to tell you honestly, I am person with an extremely great background. Today you guys will capture me, but very quickly you will respectfully release and see me off.”

Could it be that the reason Wen Wan did not seem to fear at all was because he had long foreseen such a day coming?

As he thought of this, Zhou Yinan’s heart became more and more curious.

The brash Wen Wan, could it really be that he had a great background?

As they spoke, Lai Junchen had already ordered someone to pass on the order to end Kang Yu’s interrogation.

Kang Yu walked gloomily and unwillingly out from the large black tent. Seeing Lai Junchen, he bowed slightly. “Superior, why have you so suddenly made me stop my interrogation? I have already used half of the great tortures, then you made me stop. Superior, please give me a little bit more of time. I can definitely find out matters of value, don’t listen to the nonsense of others…” Saying this, Kang Yu glared at Zhou Yinan. Very evidently, he assumed that Zhou Yinan had said something to Lai Junchen that made Lai Junchen change his mind.

At this time, Kang Yu had already made his determination to completely tear apart his relationship with Zhou Yinan.

Zhou Yinan laughed in his heart, not saying anything.

Lai Junchen did not even give Kang Yu a glance. He ordered Zhou Yinan to go release Wen Wan.

A short while later.

Zhou Yinan walked out from the large tent. From behind him, there was a face filled with dissatisfaction. The face belonged to Wen Wan. His chest was crisscrossed with tens of blade injuries.

“Ai, are you releasing me now?” Wen Wan stuck his finger into his wounds, touching the blood. He brought his finger to his mouth, licking it. Then his mouth cracked open in a smile. “To confine your father I for three days and three nights, to not allow me to eat or drink, to even make that perverted person carve my chest with a little dagger? He says he wants to cut me up blade by blade while alive, but all of a sudden you want to release me?”

Zhou Yinan did not say anything.

In these days, he had already gotten used to the unstable and lunatic-like disposition of Wen Wan.

Lai Junchen only bitterly smiled, “This matter was just a misunderstanding. It has been hard on military officer Wen.”

“Misunderstanding?” Wen Wan chuckled, then spat. “You think that I am a stupid pig? Isn’t it those bastards against me controlling matters behind the scenes that want me to die? Your disciplinary squad stood on the side of the bastards and captured me. But then you discovered that my background is so hard that you guys don’t dare incite me. Are you terrified right now?”

Lai Junchen could not even utter a word.

The ruthless captain that was enough for every military officers and soldiers to go pale at the mention of his name, at this moment had no choice but to apologize.

If it was only the general of the Vanguard Liu Siufeng’s order, then Lai Junchen did not need to assume such a low stance. But the matter concerned the Pass Lord’s residence. The black eagle jade piece represented far too many problems. It made Lai Junchen immediately realize that the power contained on Wen Wan’s body, or perhaps the level of authority that Wen Wan could interact with, was absolutely not something the captain of the disciplinary squad could provoke.

To bow and submit. This was the technique that allowed Lai Junchen to stand for tens of years without falling.

And at this moment, for him to apologize could not be counted as anything.

But from Kang Yu’s perspective, this was nearly equivalent to the Heaven collapsing.

The Kang Yu adept at currying favour, seeing this scene, instantly realized that the turn of events were far from encouraging. His head exploded with a noise, completely stupefied. He knew that he was completely finished because he had made far too wrong a choice.

“Fine, fine, I’m too lazy to talk nonsense with you.” Wen Wan’s temper quickly dispersed in front of the low and apologetic stance of Lai Junchen. Impatiently waving his hands, he said, “But this matter cannot be settled like so. Find the bastard who drew blades across my chest and let me vent my rage. Then this matter can be counted as finished.”

Lai Junchen was very decisive. With a swipe of his hand, he pushed the Kang Yu that had a candle yellow complexion and dripping cold sweat in front of Wen Wan.

“Superior, save me, I…” Kang Yu nearly bowed down and began grabbing at Lai Junchen’s leg.

But at this time, Lai Junchen instantly displayed his ruthless and merciless nature. For Kang Yu, a fellow that in his eyes could not even be counted as a tool, Lai Junchen would not have the slightest pity whatsoever. If Kang Yu really died, and this was able to settle Wen Wan’s rage, then he should just go die.

“Wahahahaha…” Wen Wan looked at the shivering Kang Yu and began laughing strangely.” I’ve long said, you will regret this. Who would have thought that our roles would be reversed so quickly, wahaha. People, tie him up!”

Lai Junchen gave a signal.

Immediately, several soldiers of the disciplinary squad began binding him “Fifteen minutes ago I said to you that if our roles are reversed, I will let you know just what is cruelty.” Wen Wan, like performing magic, took out a little dagger. His practiced hands drew across Kang Yu’s chest. In the blink of an eye, the wounds that Kang Yu left on Wen Wan’s chest, was replicated onto Kang Yu’s body.

Kang Yu began squealing for mercy, like a pig being slaughtered.

Who would be able to thought, that a soldier of the disciplinary squad would be tortured within the [Four Dragon Light Prison] formation of the disciplinary squad by an outsider.

Such a strange occurrence had no precedent since the creation of disciplinary squad.

Wen Wan played around for a little while. Seeing Kang Yu’s face that seemed to indicate that he was about to die, he seriously considered, “Originally, I wanted to show mercy. But to leave such a person alive with dishonest intentions in the disciplinary squad, this will only create more miscarriages of justice. You have already done quite a few evils. Since it is like this, then let’s have a negotiation. You should just go die. With you dead, no one will drag the Vanguard camp down anymore. At least then, everyone can fight in the war with no worries.”

Kang Yu widened his eyes, madly struggling. “No, I refuse, I…”

“Eh? Since it is like this, could the negotiations have broken down?” Wen Wan chuckled. “Since you don’t want to negotiate, then that’s fine too. No need for negotiation then, just go die.”

Before he had finished.

Wen Wan’s dagger stabbed into Kang Yu’s chest.

Kang Yu widened his yes, staring incredulously at Wen Wan. Even until the very moment he died, he did not believe that there would be such a person that would have dared to kill himself at the disciplinary camp.

“Fine, my mood is a little better.” Wen Wan headed towards the outside.

Lai Junchen and the others let out a breath of relief.

Who knew that after Wen Wan walked a couple of steps away, he would suddenly turn back around. His eyes stared at Zhou Yinan.

Lai Junchen’s heart instantly let out a thud. Could it be that Wen Wan wanted to take vengeance on the person who arrested him, Zhou Yinan? But he was different from Kang Yu. Zhou Yinan was a confidant that Lai Junchen regarded importantly. He was his successor that he had nourished heavily for many years. If this brash Wen Wan really acted without considering the consequences, and really wanted to kill Zhou Yinan, then he himself, what should he do…

At this instant, countless thoughts flashed by in the mind of Lai Junchen.

Who would have guessed, what Wen Wan did after was only to smile slightly. Looking at Zhou Yinan, he said, “You are not too bad. If there is a reason that the disciplinary squad still has a need to exist, it is because of the presence of people like you.”

As he finished, Wen Wan turned and left.

Lai Junchen was fiercely taken aback, then let out a breath of relief.

Even with his experience and mental fortitude, his emotions were always led by this person, Wen Wan who was famous for his recklessness.

This fellow, was he really that reckless?

Lai Junchen, for the first time, felt that he had overlooked this [Violent Officer].

Zhou Yinan, lowered his head, as if he wanted to say something. But in the end, no words were spoken.

……

“Aiya, this hurts so much…“

After leaving the [Four Dragon Light Prison] formation, he casually found a place to lean against. Wen Wan rubbed at his wounds with a grimace. It was so painful that he was about to jump up and down. “Motherfucker, what’s the use of bearing it so stoically. I should have asked Lai Junchen that old dog, to repay me with some medicine for wounds. I’ve really lost out, lost out…”

“Ye Qingyu that little thing, really didn’t come in search of me. That heartless fellow, it seems like I must go and find him instead.”

Wen Wan took care of the injuries on his chest slightly. Thankfully, they were only ordinary blade wounds. For an expert like him, they could not threaten his life. After resting for four or five days, they would nearly be completely healed.

He casually grabbed several soldiers passing by, ordering them to send a message back to his camp to tell the [Silver Armoured Soldiers] that he was already fine. Then he quickly rushed to White Horse Tower in the night.

There were some matters that he must explain to Ye Qingyu as quickly as possible.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

