Chapter 321:


Chapter 322 - Instil Spirit qi of the books into the body

“Thank you elder.” Ye Qingyu did not know how many times had he bowed to say his thanks today.

The mysterious person gave a slight smile, saying, “Little friend is too polite. Start immediately, you only have one hour of time.”

Ye Qingyu was no longer shy. He sat cross-legged in space, activating the nameless breathing technique and began training.

He had only just willed it, when strands of multicoloured light drifting out from the books on the huge ancient stone bookcases, like countless tentacles of light, penetrated into Ye Qingyu’s body.

The mysterious person nodded, his fingers moving slightly, triggering all the books in the entire shrine to release a bright light, like wisps of spirits leaping in the void of the shrine. With a kind of curious and joyous feeling, they constantly entered into Ye Qingyu’s body.

Gradually, Ye Qingyu’s body was emitting a variety of colour.

Time slowly passed by.

The energy bubbling within Ye Qingyu’s body grew more and more tyrannical.

It was unknown when, but Ye Qingyu’s meridians had begun to glow. His muscles and bones were like transparent and flawless ice jade, and only his meridians and acupoints were flashing brightly as his body gradually fused together with the dark-coloured light in the surroundings of the shrine. It was as though he was deep in the vast expanse of space, and the glow of his meridians and acupoints were filling the air like a huge star was connecting to the cosmic cloud of another huge star, incomparably mysterious and bright.

…...

……

The open yard outside the shrine.

The people had been waiting for a full hour.

The mysterious voice in the sky had not sounded ever since its first appearance.

The little patience and respect that the people had were being consumed to almost nothing with the passage of time.

In the face of the legacy of the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So, no one was willing to let a great opportunity slip by. Even if they were clearly warned by the mysterious voice, they were still unwilling to give up on such an opportunity.

In the past hour, there had been constant bombardment on the shrine’s prohibition spell, hoping to break the protection formation and enter.

Unfortunately, no matter what method they used, they made not the slightest progress.

There were experts of the Ascending Heaven stage attacking with the power of Dao tools. But they were still unable to affect the protection formation of the shrine in the slightest.

“This prohibition formation is setup by Luo So himself. With our current cultivation level it is impossible to break it,” someone said in a disappointed tone.

The [Turtle Shell Immortal] nodded. “It seems that my previous guess is right, only those that are really chosen can obtain the legacy left behind by Luo So. Even if we force our way through, it is simply impossible and would only anger Luo So and most likely something terrible would happen. Why don’t we retreat? To have obtained the blue light rune formation seal is already a little harvest. We must not be a man who is never content like a snake trying to swallow an elephant.”

Some people nodded.

[The Yin Yang Monarch] Liao Zhi smiled coldly. “How many years has it been since Luo So had passed away? Can he still choose a person? It’s just that some people are lucky and have entered the shrine, but this does not mean anything. The opportunity belongs to everyone and the one who is capable will get it. If we return now and lose the opportunity to gain possession of Luo So’s legacy, you will live a life of regret.”

Some people were tempted.

“Do you dare to go against the warning of Luo So?” the [Turtle Shell Immortal] asked coldly.

“Haha, who said that the voice of warning was Luo So? Old turtle, what you are thinking, do you think I don’t know?” [Yin Yang Monarch] sneered. “You obviously want everyone to retreat, so you can stay behind and take it for yourself.”

“Humph, I am that kind of person, but you [Yin Yang Monarch] is known to be fierce and scheming. You want everyone to stay to become your paving stones and find a path for you,” [Turtle Shell immortal] retorted.

The two men argued endlessly.

Only the half body Mo Lingtian sighed, shaking his head, “Everyone, we can’t go against the warning of Luo So. We already obtained the opportunity and must not be greedy, or we will ultimately achieve nothing.”

After that, he turned and left.

The dark blue light forming the lower half of his body was extremely fast and in the blink of an eye, he had disappeared into the distance.

Some people hesitated for a moment, exchanging glances with others, before they also followed, turning around and leaving.

Of course, more people chose to stay.

The [Formation Sovereign] Luo So’s legacy, the temptation was really too big.

“Shall we go or not?” Qin Zhishui looked at Ximen Yeshui.

Ximen Yeshui lowered his voice, “Wait and see, what if my brother obtained the opportunity, then we have to help him. [Yin Yang Monarch] and [Turtle Shell Immortal] are not devotees to buddha, we do not know what they are planning. I can’t let my brother suffer so we have to watch carefully.”

Qin Zhishui did not know what to say.

[Yin Yang monarch] and [Turtle Shell Immortal] were real existences of the Ascending Heaven stage. If the two people really had such thoughts, then even if they stay here they would not be much use. With one thought from the opponent, they would be turned to ashes.

But he still did not say anything, nodding his head and with his blade clasped firmly in his hand, he stood in his original place.

“Little thing, what are you muttering about?” The gaze of [Yin Yang Monarch] fell on Ximen Yeshui. “You just said, the person that obtained the opportunity is your brother? Are you sure?”

Ximen Yeshui snorted and did not speak.

“Brat, old man is talking, do you hear me?” The eyes of [Yin Yang Monarch] grew cold and glowed with murderous intent.

“My brother or not, it’s none of your business,” Ximen Yeshui said impatiently. “Old man, you talk so much nonsense.”

“Boy, you want to die? How dare you talk to elder Liao like that.” A slightly fat yellow-robed middle-aged person stepped out, sneering, “Now the juniors of Jianghu are really more and more immature, where are your elders? What sect are you in?”

Ximen Yeshui burst into an over exaggerated and loud laugh. “Really, the king is not worried but his eunuch is. Who do you think you are, pretending to be a dog, but why are you so impatient?”

Qin Zhushui lowered his head and looked at his toes.

He suddenly felt that he should stay away from this idiot.

His tongue was too poisonous.

“You... you’re dead!” the yellow-robed middle-aged person suddenly roared, a strange beam of rune formation light unleashed from the middle of his palm, forming into a tremendous hand print, powerful and fierce, and directly slammed down.

The air was thick with suffocating killing intent.

With a look of disdain, Ximen Yeshui was about to strike back.

Just then——

Bang!

The shrine gate was suddenly opened.

The prohibition spell that was located all around the shrine disappeared instantly.

The prohibition on the steps leading to the top of the stone base had also disappeared.

For a moment, everyone was startled.

The slightly fat yellow-robed person had no intention to fight, and was the first person to transform into a stream of light, darting towards the shrine gate.

In an instant, figures flashed across.

The strongest two people, [Yin Yang Monarch] and [Turtle Shell Immortal] rushed in front, a terrifying power surging around their bodies and there was a roar of an earth-shattering aura, propelling away the people behind them...

“Damn Turtle, dare fight with me?” [Yin Yang Monarch] roared and instantly countless sword light struck the [Turtle Shell Immortal].

[Turtle Shell Immortal] laughed loudly. Five turtle shields emerged from his body, easily defending against the thousands of sword attacks.

The two people, almost instantaneously, arrived at the gate of the shrine.

The rest of the people had just reached the stone base.

Ximen Yeshui and Qin Zhishui were also in the crowd.

“Haha, Luo So’s legacy is mine.” Standing above the doorway of the shrine, [Yin Yang Monarch] could see the dense forest-like ancient stone bookcases and the endless power surging within the books, his face immediately turned ecstatic as he raced toward the shrine at the first moment.

[Turtle Shell Immortal] did not show the slightest weakness.

The two figures raced ahead, advancing at the same rate as each other.

But before their fingers had touched the air within the temple, suddenly a gush of invisible force came from the main hall. Even the two experts of the Ascending Heaven stage could not react in time, and only felt like they were a piece of rice paper in a hurricane, before they could gather the strength to fight back, there was a sweet taste at their throat and they were propelled away.

“Poof...”

“Ugh!”

The two people groaned, their face contorted in agony.

And the strong people behind frantically trying to catch up with them, upon seeing this, did not slow their speed and darted toward the shrine gate like moths flying into a flame.

But with no exception, they were blown away by the booming explosion of qi.

“Why is it like this?”

“Is the prohibition spell not gone?”

“I can see the books on the bookcases... heavens, that must be the cultivation manuals that [Formation Sovereign] Luo So left.”

“Every book is a piece of treasure.”

“There are so many books that we won’t have to fight. If just one person takes one manual, that would be enough...” the crowd exclaimed.

At the entrance of the stone base, they could see everything inside. The flashing light of the strange power from within the books made everyone anxious to rush in, but thinking of the terrifying force that gushed out of the shrine gate and the two wounded Ascending Heaven stage experts, they did not dare enter.

“Look, what is that?” Someone suddenly discovered something, pointing inside in astonishment.

In the shrine, countless beams of bright light like strands of silk, beautiful and magnificent, constantly converged toward the depths of the dark void of the shrine, forming a strange ball of light. And in the ball of light, there were bright spheres of light twinkling, like the brightest stars in the vault of heaven. If carefully counted, there were exactly one hundred stars.

“That is....”

“One hundred stars?”

“Why does the aura of the bright stars seem a little familiar...”

As though they knew what was happening, someone cried out incredulously.

“That is... the power of Spirit spring, the embodiment of the mouth of the Spirit spring in a strong person’s dantian.” [Yin Yang Monarch] spurted blood from the corner of his mouth, a look of bewilderment in his eyes. He had seen a strong person breaking through to the Bitter Sea stage before, his body changing into the starry sky of the universe and the Spirit spring of the dantian becoming blazing stars.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 322:


Chapter 323 - The Chosen One

The spectacle of the body changing into stars of the universe was a scene that only occurs when a top genius of the martial world broke through the Bitter Sea stage.

Back when [Yin Yang Monarch] himself attacked the Bitter Sea stage with 93 Spirit springs, there was also such a spectacle. It was only that his derivation of the universe was incomplete, and only half of his body changed into the void of the universe. But even so, he ultimately reached the Ascending Heaven stage. In his era, he was absolutely considered as an exceptional genius, a truly awe-inspiring person.

But this time, in the depths of the shrine, there were clearly 100 bright stars of the Spirit spring changing.

One hundred stars!

The [Yin Yang Monarch] only felt his mouth parched and tongue dry.

It was said that during the era of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, only those supreme beings could achieve a full 100 Spirit springs. This number was only a number that existed in the theory of the most ideal martial arts breakthrough.

At the side of the [Yin Yang Monarch], [Turtle Shell Immortal] was also similarly shuddering with apprehension.

“There really is someone that can reach the level of 100 Spirit springs?”

He was screaming in his heart.

For so many years, there had never been such a genius that appeared. It was to such an extent that in the current Heaven Wasteland Domain, many people believed that the level of 100 Spirit springs was just a myth, or just a theoretical hypothesis. It was a hypothetical perfect state, and the reason it is called imaginary was because it was impossible to achieve.

But now...

A demon that defies the heavenly principles was going to appear?

Just who was that person?

Countless eyes were fixed on the inside of the shrine.

“Look...” Ximen Yeshui quietly nudged Qin Zhishui. “See those two guys in the distance?”

Qin Zhishui nodded.

In the depths of the shrine, apart from the 100 stars, there were two blurred things floating up and down, also constantly absorbing the colourful light emitting from the books on the bookcases. Only the people that knew them well could recognize what the two things inside were, one of which was a white puppy.

That dog, Qin Zhishui was certainly not unfamiliar with.

It was the useless pet of Ye Qingyu.

Since the dog appeared in the shrine, it indicated that Ye Qingyu must also be in it.

Ximen Yeshui’s intuition was right.

“Hey, I said that it must be my brother. This is interesting, us group of people had fought desperately to be ahead but in the end we only obtained the rune blue light seal. That guy, who had only been burying the dead along the way, unexpectedly buried himself in the shrine. This is luck, I must admit defeat,” Ximen Yeshui said with a pleased smile.

He smiled very sincerely and very happily.

He was not at all dispirited at the loss of his eligibility to enter the shrine, nor was there a trace of jealousy.

Qin Zhishui glanced at him and did not speak.

Ximen Yeshui, this person... was strange.

“What did you say? Little friend, is that really your friend inside?” [Turtle Shell Immortal] looked over in surprise, his tone of speech much more polite than before.

“Who are you?” Ximen Yeshui lifted his head and shot a glance at the Ascending Heaven stage expert, rolling his eyes. “What? You think I don’t know what you’re thinking. You’re just trying to get my brother to help you retrieve a manual of his Highness Luo So, right? Hey, it’s too late, old man, it won’t work.”

[Turtle Shell Immortal’s] forehead immediately darkened.

This brat really needs a good beating.

On the other side, the [Yin Yang Monarch] looked hesitant.

At this moment, an unexpected change appeared once again.

In the shrine, there was a dazzling flash of lightning, a transparent wind-like strong qi shot towards the gate, and then like a pool of water, a faintly transparent figure flickered. The figure was slender and tall, and the hazy colour that was concealing his true features gave him a lofty aura of a peerless genius, as if a divine Emperor was walking towards them.

“Fate and rules are clear, the opportunity of the palace has been decided. You all cannot go against the tide, otherwise you will be punished by the wrath of heaven.”

A majestic voice surged forth from his mouth.

This voice was the same majestic voice that had previously sounded in the air.

“You are... your highness... Luo... So?”

Someone exclaimed, looking momentarily terrified, and immediately thought of something.

The doorway of the shrine.

The transparent and hazy figure did not answer such a question, but also did not deny it.

Plop.

Someone had already knelt down.

“Wang Linghe pays respect to the heavenly Sovereign of my Human Race.” An old, grey-haired man was incomparably excited. He sincerely knelt on the ground, performing the formal etiquette on meeting the emperor, like a fanatic believer seeing his god. Instantaneously, tears were streaming down his face.

“I am not the true body,” the incomparably mighty figure opened his mouth.

This sentence was tantamount to admitting his identity.

In a split second, a lot more people also knelt down on the ground.

The [Yin Yang Monarch] looked horrified, but in his mind there were thoughts constantly roaming around. He asked in a respectful tone, “Your highness is not the true body, then could it be his highness Luo So is still in this world?”

“The body of an Emperor can never be destroyed.”

The mighty and peerless figure said each word loud and clear.

Before the voice died away.

The blue light that was everywhere flashed, and the blue light markings engraved on the yellow slate on the public square, one after another, turned into a group of stars, suspended in the sky, and the yellow slate also disappeared at the same time. The entire public square, sacred mountain, and beaches below, as well as the distant blood sea all momentarily vanished, as if everything was just an illusion.

Endless beams of light constantly streaked toward the incomparably powerful figure.

A power far beyond the power of these people to even recognize loomed indistinctly in the palm of this figure.

He stretched out his hand, as though he was holding the very world in his palm.

Other Ascending Heaven existences as strong as [Yin Yang Monarch] and [Turtle Shell Immortal] all could not help kneeling in their original place, quivering with fear. At this moment, in the palm of the matchless figure was a power emerging, like it was a piece of the heaven and earth. If his palm slightly relaxed, it could destroy the whole world. The endless silk-like light gathered toward his palm, like divine swords of destruction.

The Ascending Heaven experts in front of him were as weak as ants.

“We pay our respects to his majesty!.”

“The Human Race will prosper!”

“With your Highness here, our Human Race will definitely rule all the million races.”

Everybody was kneeling down on the ground.

The news that the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So was still alive, once spread out, would absolutely set off endless waves in the thousand domains. For the Human Race that was declining in power, this was absolutely great news.

In the blink of an eye, the light had spread everywhere.

Where the crowd was, all the scenery had disappeared.

All around, up and down, left and right, the line of sight was only the dark void.

The entire [Formation Sovereign’s] moving imperial palace had faded away like dust and ashes.

The people were still kneeling and bowing their head in space.

Only Ximen Yeshui was furtively crouching next to Qin Zhishui, an unbelievable look on his face. “Impossible, this is impossible...”

“What’s impossible?” Qin Zhishui twisted his head around to ask.

Ximen Yeshui wanted to speak but stopped at a second thought, then finally shook his head and said, “Nothing, maybe I remembered it wrong.”

“The palace blessing already has a master, therefore we cannot fight over its heart. The chosen one has the luck encircling around him, but he still needs careful assistance and protection. You must not have the slightest thought of disobedience and killing intent. Otherwise, the Three Sovereigns will reappear, the Five Emperors would come back, and you all will sink into eternal torment, without life and no death, and never be able to escape,” he mighty figure said, each word loud and clear.

For every word he said, the stars in the void would flicker once.

The whole world seemed to tremble at his very voice.

And the dark blue light markings on the people’s palm would also flash once and heat up.

This rune formation blue light seal contained infinite power. But at this moment, it seemed just a marking, a stamp, a brand that was stuck on their body, and they could not get rid of it.

The [Yin Yang Monarch], [Turtle Shell Immortal] and other people were like insects under a clap of thunder, trembling all over. This was not an illusion, they could feel it very clearly. Their Ascending Heaven yuan qi, in front of this figure, was like gossamer that would be cut off at any time. This sort of awareness and fear came from their soul, almost as though it was imprinted in their martial spirit and they absolutely could not erase it.

Brilliance flickering.

The other people that had left were also directly sent back by the reversal of space and time.

“Your Majesty, no need to worry. We will be sure to serve and assist the chosen one.” [Yin Yang Monarch] dared not disobey. He said such words with his voice quivering.

“We will assist the chosen one with all our heart, even if we must sacrifice our lives, we would not hesitate in the slightest.”

All people vowed.

Facing the Sovereign of the Human Race, no one dared to display the slightest intention of disobedience.

Even if the matchless figure in front was perhaps just a doppelganger, or just a wisp of divine thought of the formation emperor Luo So, but since Luo So had said so, then it shows that the person in the shrine, who had cultivated to the level of 100 Spirit springs, was an existence that defied the very heavens. It is possible that this person is the supreme candidate of the present age that the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors had jointly elected to succeed them.

The chosen child of Heavens!

Even the [Yin Yang Monarch] and the other stubborn and unruly people obediently put away all other different thoughts.

“Do not need to be too revealing and obvious, you can just secretly support him,” the matchless figure added. “Fate is encircled around him. He needs to improve, and earn things by himself. There is no need to rely on external forces, you all just wait for now.”

The voice faded away.

The matchless figure vanished.

Everyone was still trembling in fear while kneeling in space. They dared not make the slightest movement.

From the distant stars in the void, a bright starlight was flickering. 100 of the most brilliant stars from far and near slowly converged towards it, gradually condensing until there was a pale silver glow diffusing out, slowly forming a human shaped appearance. The humanoid was gradually revealed as 100 stars penetrated into his dantian.

Long black hair falling on his shoulders like a waterfall, reaching his heels.

His slender body had an imposing heroic appearance.

Ye Qingyu.

He appeared before everyone’s eyes.

Slowly he opened his eyes, and saw a mass of people kneeling in front, which were without a doubt the strong people he had seen before.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 323:


Chapter 324 - Different Information

“What’s going on?” Ye Qingyu was puzzled.

He had just awakened from being deep within cultivation training. He was thoroughly immersed in practice and had forgotten about other affairs and did not know what was happening outside.

“Don’t talk.”

The voice of the mysterious elder sounded in his ear.

The mysterious person briefly explained to Ye Qingyu what had happened, “The hearts of people are sinister in nature. The fact that you obtained this opportunity will eventually spread out, then at that time, a lot of trouble will come for you. I used Luo So’s identity to settle them for now, but you need to be careful when dealing with these people.”

After Ye Qingyu listened, he understood the trouble the mysterious person had taken.

He felt grateful and emotional, and immediately thanked him again.

“Today’s matter has ended, I will send you all away.” The mysterious man nodded.

Ye Qingyu said anxiously, “Elder, can you tell me your name, when will be the next time I see elder?”

“We will see each other again if we are destined to, I will always watch over you.” The mysterious man smiled. “As for my name, it has long ago been buried in the dust of another time-space current, so even if I told you, you wouldn’t know.”

Ye Qingyu knew that he shouldn’t question any further.

At the same time, he thought of another matter. “Senior, I have a friend, who also entered here, she’s a girl, she...”

“I know who you’re talking about, that girl of darkness?” The mysterious person blurted what was on Ye Qingyu’s mind. “The girl came here as if she was returning to her own home. She just came to retrieve something that belongs to her. Once she had succeeded and to avoid affecting your opportunity, I sent her away. You don’t have to worry.”

She left?

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

It seems that the mysterious person had a certain understanding of Song Xiaojun.

But what did he mean by Song Xiaojun came here, like she returned home?

Thinking of before, when only Song Xiaojun was not suppressed by the mysterious power of the word ‘ordinary’ in the sky, Ye Qingyu knew that this girl was hiding a huge secret that he did not know of.

However, no matter what, since Song Xiaojun had left, Ye Qingyu felt reassured.

“Little friend, the heavens are always in motion and a man should constantly strive for perfection. You are blessed and your life is fraught with opportunity, so you must bear the brunt of danger. Death and killing will naturally follow you around. You determine using your own judgement whether something is right or wrong. Do not fall into the path of evil. Take care of yourself, we will see each other again if we are destined.”

The mystery man’s words resounded perpetually in Ye Qingyu’s ear.

His voice finally died away.

Suddenly, the stars turned and changed in position. The void began to transform.

The whole world seemed to be shaking.

Ye Qingyu could only feel the starlight moving and infiltrating every corner, and his line of sight gradually became blurred, unable to capture the surrounding scenery.

Once the vague feeling passed, there was a blinding flash of white in front of him, a bright light, a red sun hanging in the sky, a breeze of mountain wind, and an unbroken chain of peaks that were still white with snow.

The scenery was familiar.

“This is…Deer Mountain?!”

Ye Qingyu finally reacted. In the blink of an eye, the mysterious man had used a remarkable power to directly teleport them from the [Formation Sovereign’s] moving imperial palace directly to Deer Mountain.

Here was exactly the core area of Deer Mountain where the [Fog of Annihilation] appeared.

The [Fog of Annihilation] had disappeared and the area that was shrouded in fog had turned to a land of death; mountain grass had withered, trees had decayed, and there were only large tracts of scorched earth, as though the god of death had been here, leaving nothing behind.

The terrifying demonic beast horde had also disappeared with the fog.

And in front of Ye Qingyu were the [Yin Yang Monarch], [Turtle Shell Immortal] and the other strong people, kneeling in mid-air like courtiers visiting the emperor. They did not even dared raise their head.

Ye Qingyu knew that this was because the pressure and shock the mysterious person gave off were really too tremendous.

The mysterious man borrowed the name of the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So and displayed a powerful strength that completely overawed the [Yin Yang Monarch] and the other people.

“Elders, please get up. I do not deserve this,” Ye Qingyu hurriedly said.

The crowd of strong people was still stunned by the mysterious man’s mystical powers. In the blink of an eye, they were transferred out of the [Base of the Formation Sovereign]. This skill could be called a technique possessed by supernatural beings. Each and every one of them was still trembling with fear, that even hearing Ye Qingyu’s words, they dared not get up and quietly waited for the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So’s command.

“Everyone, his majesty Luo So had left, you needn’t wait any longer,” Ye Qingyu said aloud.

The crowd raised their heads slightly and slowly.

Countless respectful and surprised glances fell on Ye Qingyu.

“Since the chosen one had spoken, everyone get up.” The [Yin Yang Monarch] was the first to get up and to open his mouth. He walked towards Ye Qingyu, bowing deeply. “Your Highness, I have sworn to follow and to assist you, if there is anything you need me to do, your Highness can just tell me.”

“Yes, yes.” [Turtle Shell Immortal] added, “We all would like to serve your Highness, please take us with you, your Highness.”

Just moments before these two men were scheming to take the treasure for themselves when they were waiting for the shrine gate to open, but after being threatened by the mysterious person using Luo So’s identity, they now put away all their thoughts and scrambled in front of Ye Qingyu. On one side, it was because Luo So’s identity was so terrifying, and in front of such a presence they felt as insignificant and small as a grain of sand in a desert before him. The other reason was because Ye Qingyu possessed the legendary and impossible 100 Spirit springs. Adding up these two pieces of information, the things they revealed were too many and too much.

And one of the most direct prediction was that Ye Qingyu, as the one chosen by the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, was most likely to be the new emperor of the Human Race after the fourth dark age.

If they were able to become Ye Qingyu’s subordinates, then when Ye Qingyu has successful accomplishments, wouldn’t his first followers also rise to heaven?

For martial artists, such glory and seduction were far even beyond any secret technique or inheritance.

So even the [Yin Yang Monarch] and the [Turtle Shell Immortal], such rebellious and ambitious people, were the first to choose to surrender and obey.

“We are willing to serve your Highness.”

“We are willing to listen and obey with your Highness’s commands.”

The strong people declared their position one after another.

Even Mo Lingfeng also made the same choice.

Looking at the back of the crowd where Ximen Yeshui was lifting his eyebrows and winking, Ye Qingyu found it funny, but his expression was still calm and collected when he said, “Elders are too serious, I am just a junior who still has not travelled Jianghu. How would I dare to command elders. I just hoped that, if one day I encountered some trouble, elders could lend a hand, then I, Ye Qingyu, will already be very grateful.”

“Your Highness is too serious, how could we be compared to your Highness’s priceless self.” The tone of [Yin Yang Monarch] was flattering, but he did not feel that there was anything wrong with it. “To be able to serve your Highness is the opportunity that we had always hoped for.”

The others echoed his words.

The majority of the people were begging to follow at Ye Qingyu’s side.

Ye Qingyu found it difficult to refuse them. By bringing such a group of people with him, they would be incomparably imposing, especially the several Ascending Heaven stage experts. But Ye Qingyu did not want to be so high-profile. Adding to this, it seemed like [Yin Yang Monarch], [Turtle Shell Immortal] and the other people are not good and honest people and they have quite a reputation in Jianghu. If he wants to go to the imperial capital of Snow Country to investigate the truth of his father’s dying words, bringing so many people would instead be inconvenient.

Ye Qingyu thought about it for a moment then said, “Everyone, I have other things to do, and it’s not without danger, it would be inconvenient with you, so...”

[Turtle Shell Immortal] immediately grasped the meaning of Ye Qingyu’s words, he rolled his eyes and hit upon an idea, saying loudly, “I understand, since your Highness thinks so, then why don’t everyone leave our token with your Highness. We shall leave first and if your Highness has anything you need in the future, you just need to activate the token and we will rush over instantly. What does your Highness think of this idea?”

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, “Good.””

Seeing his old enemy beat him first, [Yin Yang Monarch] inwardly scolded himself for being stupid, but he was not slow to take out a black and white fish-shaped token and respectfully handing over to Ye Qingyu. “Your Highness, this is the Yin and Yang Divine Token, it is the supreme token of my [Yin and Yang Path], seeing this token is the same as receiving the orders from the elders. You will be able to command all disciples of the [Yin and Yang Path].”

Ye Qingyu nodded and made no further refusal, directly accepting it.

The [Turtle Shell Immortal] took out a dark green tortoise shell that was the size of a palm and respectfully presented it over. “Your Highness, this is my [Turtle Deity Island’s] most valuable treasure, able to command all disciples of [Turtle Deity Island] If you instill yuan qi, then it can also turn into a giant shield and defend against attacks...”

Other people also offered their own tokens one after another.

“Thank you everyone. If I trouble you in the future, then please don’t be offended.” Ye Qingyu received all the tokens, smiled and gave a cupped fist salute.

“We all are willing to sacrifice our life in the service of your Highness.”

“Your Highness speaks too seriously.”

“Your Highness is too polite.”

After some polite words, the [Yin Yang Monarch] and the other people said goodbye and left.

Soon there were only Ximen Yeshui and Qin Zhishui.

“Hey, hey, my brother, you’ve really struck it big this time,” Ximen Yeshui said, grinning and holding up the three-pronged spear in his hand. “How about you also accept my spear weapon too.”

Ye Qingyu glared at him. “Your fish spear is too tattered, I don’t want it.”

Ximen Yeshui chuckled, “You have no appreciation for something good. My weapon has an impressive story, you will regret it if you don’t accept it.”

On the other side, a strange expression moved over Qin Yeshui’s face. He was about to say something, when Ye Qingyu hurriedly waved. “Brother Qin no need to be polite. You and I are friends, so don’t imitate those people.”

With his mouth wide open, Qin Zhishui could only nod his head.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 324:


Chapter 325, Return to the city

“Hey, how did you get into the shrine? This matter is very interesting,” Ximen Yeshui asked without feeling any sense of awkwardness.

“To enter the shrine, one needed achievements and virtue. I buried the corpses of those people, advanced up the steps of the sacred mountain one step at a time, and then I unknowingly entered the shrine,” Ye Qingyu casually said whatever came to his head. It would be best not to disclose anything yet about the mysterious person. He could only keep it a secret for now.

“I knew it,” Ximen Yeshui said with contempt in his eyes, looking at Ye Qingyu. “You, you already knew of a way to enter the shrine, but you did not tell me and little Qin, are we not brothers?”

A frown was creasing Ye Qingyu’s forehead into deep lines as he said, “Who was the one that wanted to rush up the sacred mountain first? I couldn’t even pull you back...”

Ximen Yeshui’s expression turned embarrassed.

As to what was exactly inside the formation shrine, what kind of opportunity Ye Qingyu obtained, and had he really cultivated out 100 Spirit springs, Ximen Yeshui no longer questioned him and instead asked, “Brother, where are you going next?”

Ye Qingyu looked into the distance, replying, “Of course I will go back to Deer City since I still need to report back.”

Ximen Yeshui thought about it for a moment, then took on an excited expression, saying, “I see, haha, take me too. I finally get to leave the sect, I did not expect that the [Base of the Formation Sovereign] would end so soon. It wasn’t fun and I haven’t played enough so if I go back now, that old guy would lock me up.”

Ye Qingyu automatically ignored this person, turning around to face Qin Zhishui.

“I have to return to the sect.” Qin Zhishui clasped his blade and continued, “But before I return, I have some business in Deer City, so I can return to the city with Brother Ye... Your Highness.”

“Calling me Little Ye is fine, Brother Qin, you needn’t be too polite.” Ye Qingyu smiled.

The three people continued to discuss and headed along the way.

Following the original path back, the demonic beasts horde had already disappeared.

Even the corpse of the demonic beasts were not seen. But at the foot of the mountain, the desolated path created by the demonic beasts was still there, like it had been crushed by an army. The vegetation withered, rocks crumbled, and dust was swirling in the air. The surroundings that should have been a hilly forest were like waste soil, and when the wind blew there were choking dust and sand filling the air, forming a yellow tornado.

Throughout Deer Mountain, the majority of the area had been turned into ruins, like it had experienced a horrific pillage.

Thinking of the day when there was an endless demonic beasts tide covering the sky and earth, everyone still felt a lingering fear and trembled all over.

The three people were high up in the air, taking in all the sights.

Since the demonic beasts had disappeared, Ye Qingyu was not very anxious.

The huge blood red rune markings on the door of the shrine had been wiped away by the mysterious man and could no longer release demonic beasts. Therefore, Deer Mountain would no longer have to suffer an outbreak and Deer City would be completely safe.

“Right, Brother Ximen do you know about the background of [Yin Yang Monarch] and [Turtle Shell Immortal]? In snow empire’s martial arts circle, are they very famous?” Ye Qingyu thought about the strong people that he had encountered on this adventure and couldn’t help asking.

Ximen Yeshui was happily teasing the silly dog Little Nine who was in deep sleep. Ever since he came out of the shrine, perhaps because he had absorbed too much of the energy of the books, the puppy seemed like he was drunk, lying on the ground without any reaction. Ximen Yeshui, who the silly dog had constantly bit onto the heels of, found the chance to bully the dog back. He fiddled with the little dog’s hands and feet and stretched his mouth back.

When he heard what was said, he answered without raising his head, “[Yin Yang Monarch], that old fool is a relic of the sect era. He possesses a profound cultivation. A hundred years ago, [Yin and Yang Path] and [Turtle Deity Island] were huge authorities. The current strength of the Three Schools and Three Sects, in front of them, are just like a small onion...”

Qin Zhishui drew back the corners of his mouth, but in the end did not say anything.

Ximen Yeshui continued, “But now, the great powers of the sect era have preserved their strength somewhat, some are unknown, some are uprooted, and some are hiding in a secret place. If one thought about it seriously, among the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the strength of the old fools [Yin Yang Monarch] and [Turtle Shell Immortal] should be in the top 50. They should not be underestimated. They now wholeheartedly want to follow you, feel free to use them as you please. HisHighness Luo So appeared personally to greet them for you, even if these old fools were given ten thousand hearts, they still wouldn’t dare to comply in public, but oppose in private.”

“According to you, some of the great powers of the sect era were not really suppressed and are now hiding in the Snow Empire?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

Ximen Yeshui lifted his head up and looked at Ye Qingyu like looking at an idiot. “I say brother, you are really a bird that has just come out of a thatched cottage. You really do not know anything? What is called a few forces, I will tell you the truth. More than 90% of the sects have not been suppressed. The Snow Empire has not even been established for more than a hundred years. Do you really think that the sects that had lasted for thousands of years would be so easily suppressed? As they say, ‘a strong dragon cannot repress a local snake’. Although the Snow Empire has the assistance of the domain above, but their foundations are still shallow. Back then, they only just killed some chickens for the monkeys to see, they gave them a warning. The monkey saw that the blade of Snow Empire was too sharp. They estimated that their own bones cannot carry it, so they retired one after another, and surrendered. Anyway, on the surface it seems that the Human Race territory was given to the Snow Country, but in fact they are waiting for an opportunity, for the blade to use up its energy. If it does not die, then in the long-term...”

The corners of Qin Zhishui’s mouth began to twitch.

From Ximen Yeshui’s mouth, the power of the Three Schools and Three Sects wass simply trash. As a disciple of the Matchless Blade City of the Three Schools and Three Sects, what should he say?

As for Ye Qingyu, he was greatly astonished.

This news was completely different from the information he had previously learned.

In the White Deer Academy library, Ye Qingyu had seen many books and maps of territories of the current Heaven Wasteland Domain. It was clearly and plainly written that it was only because of the Snow Empire that the Heaven Wasteland Domain was now so powerful. The sects back then in the sect era were eradicated, and the remaining Three Schools and Three Sects declared them as the officials to the Empire to save them from danger.

But from Ximen Yeshui’s mouth, why has this changed?

Snow Empire suddenly became so weak?

“The blade of the Snow Country that you just talked about, what does it mean?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“Oh, back then there was a very scary existence in Snow Empire. It was precisely because of this person that the sect era of the Heaven Wasteland Domain came to an end, and all sects no matter big or small hid in the dark. It is said that this person’s name is called... Wuwu... Ah ah ah... huhu...” Before Ximen Yeshui could finish speaking, a strange voice sounded from his mouth.

Ye Qingyu twisted his head around to take a look, only to see that across his mouth there was a string of golden rune formation light flashing, like stitches, sealing his mouth, and despite him desperately struggling, he could not utter out a word and was only mumbling with his mouth sewn shut.

What’s going on?

Ye Qingyu and Qin Zhishui felt very strange.

After murmuring for a long while, the golden formation thread on Ximen Yeshui’s mouth began to disappear. He panted loudly, “Okay, okay, I won’t say it then, old fool, do you want to kill me.”

It was only after a long gasp for breath, he cast a glance at the two people next to him and said with a very aggrieved and gloomy tone of voice, “When I left, the old man placed a formation seal on my mouth, if I try to leak any secrets, the power of the seal will sew my mouth shut.”

“Huh?” Ye Qingyu almost spurted out.

Qin Zhishui burst out laughing.

There was still this kind of rune formation light seal?

Seeing Ximen Yeshui’s expression, which was like that of a sulking woman, the two people felt it was extremely hilarious.

No wonder that Ximen Yeshui said he doesn’t want to return to his sect. It turns out that there was such a terrifying old man waiting for him. Before they couldn’t understand why the powerful old man sealed Ximen Yeshui’s mouth, but now Ye Qingyu and Qin Zhishui knew why Ximen Yeshui who talks so much nonsense and has such a sharp tongue——was suppressed.

……

Half an hour later.

Deer City was coming into view in the distance.

Around the city, there were visible signs of the demonic beast horde’s attack, but there was no corpses of the demonic beasts and only huge pits caused by [Bright Sword Ship] bombardment, numerous and close together. The vegetation around the city was destroyed, large tracts of yellow sandy soil were flying up into the air, and at first sight it looked like a city in a barren desert.

In the air, there was still a faint whiff of the demonic beasts.

The instant Ye Qingyu and the others landed on the city walls they immediately attracted attention. The general in charge of defending the city came to inquire. When he saw that it was Ye Qingyu, he bowed respectfully and reported everything that had happened in detail.

It turns out that five days have passed since Ye Qingyu left.

The demonic beasts horde suddenly retreated yesterday night, receding into the distance like a tide. Some people even saw that the demonic beasts that did not retreat into Deer Mountain in time were disintegrated into dark red ashes at the first glimmer of dawn, scattering between heaven and earth. And in less than two hours of time, the demonic beast horde that had impenetrably surrounded the entire Deer City retreated completely.

At this time, the defense of Deer City was reaching it’s last legs.

It had only been three hours since the demonic beasts had retreated. The atmosphere around the city was a little calmer, but the people were still restless. The defense of the city had not relaxed and the City Lord’s residence had sent out more than 10 teams of patrols to investigate the demonic beasts movements outside of the city.

“No need to send people to investigate, I just came out of Deer Mountain. The demonic beasts have gone and will not appear again,” Ye Qingyu said to the general. “Send someone to inform the City Lord Qin to start preparing for the aftermath and don’t worry about the demoic beasts reappearing again.”

The general heaved a sigh of relief, before saying excitedly, “Marquis Ye had been in Deer Mountain for four days and four nights, could it be that you have found the cause and had eliminated the demonic beasts’ offensive?”

Ye Qingyu smiled. “The cause has been found, but I was not the only person that solved it.”

But when the general heard this, he tacitly thought that it was Ye Qingyu who saved the critical situation and solved the problem. He glanced at the two people at Ye Qingyu’s side, and thinking that they were Marquis Ye’s subordinates, he did not pay much attention to them and instead excitedly shouted from the top of the city walls: “Ha, brothers, Marquis Ye is back, Marquis Ye has killed all the demonic beasts in the mountains, you all won’t have to worry anymore...”

Ye Qingyu shook his head, and jumped down from the top of the city walls with Ximen Yeshui, heading toward the Ye Mansion.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

