Chapter 625:


Chapter 643, The wilderness of the empire



The army that was riding the hurricane waves was marching in a very peculiar formation, piercing through the ocean like deities that controlled the waves. Wherever they were, in the middle of the sky, the originally churning waves were as though fished up by an invisible giant net and re-integrated into the sea.



Under the tens of thousands of meters below the seabed.



In a hall that was glittering with colorful crystals.



The Water Race demon king exuded an imposing presence, faint golden brilliance radiating from his body.



Below the throne, dozens of different kinds of Water Race demon ministers were negotiating a new plan in response to the ocean countercurrent caused by the undersea hurricane.



The vast ocean countercurrent caused by the sea hurricane was a natural disaster that the Water Race would face every year. From the imperial family to the ordinary Water Race, all had a change of countenance at the mention of this disaster. Every year the entire Hurricane Wave Water Race would expend a lot of energy to cope with the ocean countercurrent, but for some reason, in recent years, the frequency of eruption of these deep ocean counter currents had increased. The living environment of the Hurricane Wave Demon Court was more worrying than ever before.



At the same time.



In midair.



Ye Qingyu slowly drew back his sight.



Feeling the power of the Light Palace, he grew more and more pleasantly surprised.



This really was an unexpected surprise. As long as he had the Light Palace that had restored some of its power in hand, then what he wanted to do next would be much smoother.



“Next, let's try again... take a look at other places.”



The coordinates of the Desert Brute Race Imperial Court on the Map of the Universe lit up.



A beam of silver flashed in the air.



After a slight tremor, the Light Palace disappeared in the air.



The next moment.



In the air of the wasteland in the northwest region.

The air, like water, produced a circle of invisible ripples, but after a twinkling went still.



As Ye Qingyu activated the Light Palace, he came to the air of the Desert Brute Race Imperial Court, hiding in the sky.



“This is the territory of the Desert Brute Race.”

At the entrance of the palace, Ye Qingyu peered out.

Across the tens of thousands of miles of the clear sky, the sun was blazing fiercely.



In the boundless desert of thousands of miles, heat waves rolled like tides.



As far as the eye could see, the cloudless blue sky that seemed like it was washed, merged with the boundless golden desert on the horizon, forming a strong visual impact. The rolling sand dunes on the vast desert carved out astonishing lines, exuding an imposing majesty. At the end of his sight, there was rubble covered in golden sand, which vaguely indicated that it was a former town.

Among the ruins and sand were some half covered decaying beast skeletons.



In the distance, vultures were circling in the air.



On the ground, a Brute Race human shaped body had dried up under the scorching sun.



The vulture spiraled around, before making a fierce downward swoop, pecking at the dried corpse.

Ye Qingyu moved his eyes away and looked to the west.

In the boundless desert, a small oasis was dotted on the sand.

On a low lying ground surrounded by sand dunes, there was a small crescent moon-shaped lake with lush vegetation and small white flowers dotted around.



Suddenly.



More than ten of the Brute Race appeared on the sand dunes west of the lake.

They were scantily clothed, with only some tattered clothes concealing the private parts. Their exposed skin was dark, and under the scorching sun they were flickering an abnormal black-red colour.



Behind the crowd, there were seven or eight beasts. They were two meters tall and five or six meters long, ox- and tiger-like strange beasts.



The abdomen of these strange beasts looked like dried tangerines, dried and shriveled, and they seemed thin and bony.



The limbs of the strange beasts were as thick as a grown adult. Their feet wide like four grinding stones, firmly treading on the sand in an extremely smooth manner.



They were sand beasts native to the desert. They had a huge water sac that can store a large amount of fresh water in their body. Their thick and solid limbs and wide feet allowed them to walk easily across the desert even with heavy weights.  It was because of these two characteristics that this kind of sand beast was domesticated by the Desert Brute Race, becoming a huge mobile water source.



The dried up belly of these seven or eight sand beasts indicated that the water stored in their bodies had been depleted.

The crowd dropped to their knees and kowtowed at the sight of an oasis surrounded by sand dunes, emotionally shouting in a different language.



The consciousness power of Ye Qingyu was so powerful that he did not need to be proficient in any foreign language to know what they were talking about.



“The blessings of the god! We’ve finally found water!”



“Great, we finally found it!”



“Salvation, our tribe is saved!”



These strong men were covered with dust and sand on their faces, their lips were cracked from thirst, and their eyes were brimmed with emotional tears.



They rushed to the lake below the sand dunes, crawling on the ground, and drinking the lake water like animals.



For a good while, the people were reluctant to lift up their heads. Like it was an incomparably precious treasure, they sat gazing at the little lake and resting.



A burly middle-aged man wiped away the dust and sand on his face, saying, “Everyone have a good rest, it is safe here for the time being.”



After that, he brought the sand beasts over to the lake.

The sand beast cheerfully dipped their head into the lake.



But within moments, the belly of the sand beast gradually bulged up, and their figure looked much bulkier.



After a while, the distant dark blue sky suddenly changed, a faint layer of sand and dust were rolled up, and the air was hazy like it was covered with a thin layer of pale gold veil.



The middle-aged man stood up, looked at the sky with a sudden change of expression. His brows slightly knitted together. “Go, it's already windy, it will soon be flooded with sand here.”



Upon hearing these words, the rest of the people one after another got up and filled the leather water sacs and jars with water.

They looked at the crescent lake with a reluctant to part expression, and eventually urged the sand beasts away.

The group of people gradually proceeded along the vast desert.



It wasn't until the sun had set when they finally came to a desolate little village.



More than ten dilapidated stone houses were scattered in the village, with all kinds of containers facing the sun, and seemed to be waiting for rain after a long drought.



The west of the village was a river without a drop of water on the riverbed, and only a desolate desert remained.



“They’re back! The chief and the others are back!”

“Chief has come back with water! We've got water!”

“There's finally water!”



The moment the crowd drove the sand beasts into the village, cheers rang in the silent village.



The broken wooden doors of the several stone houses creaked open, and one by one, barbarians holding stone containers came out with a joyful look on their faces.

Coming out from the stone houses, the majority were elderly and women, and because of the lack of water they looked extremely weak.



They were all clasping a face-sized stone bowl with both hands, with a look of thirstiness in their eyes.



The several strong men who had just returned to the village led the sand beasts to the village center.

They received the stone bowls, carefully squeezed out half a bowl of water from the belly of the sand beasts, and then offered to the elderly, women, and children in the village.

Looking at the water in the bowl, everyone's eyes reddened, but not a drop of tear flowed out.



A five- or six-year-old little boy licked his cracked lips, the thirst in his eyes grew stronger.



The boy stretched out his dirty index finger, dipped in the bowl and into his mouth.

Feeling the refreshing taste at the tip of his tongue, a gush of happiness sprang up to the boy's face.

Nobody gulped down the water in big mouthfuls. Clasping the stone bowl with both hands, most people used their tongue to lick the water in the bowl.



After a long moment, the water level in the bowl did not seem to decrease, but they looked as though they had drank enough, satisfiedly licking their lips.



“Everybody go back, come back in three days to get water.” The voice of the middle-aged man contained a trace of exhaustion.



The people cherished the stone bowl in their hands, which contained the water needed to last for the next three days!



The people held onto their stone bowls and gradually dispersed. The desolate village resumed silence again.



When night fell, Ye Qingyu quietly withdrew back his sight, and after a long silence he again casted his gaze on the Map of the Universe.



“This is the desert... let's go somewhere else and have a look,” Ye Qingyu mumbled to himself, his expression serious.



Then, another spot of silver lit up on the Map of the Universe.



The next moment, the Light Palace had already appeared over the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race in the northeast of the Snow Empire.

Unlike the desolate Northwest Desert, here was a stretch of primitive mountains. The majestic chain of peaks rose and fell endlessly.



The towering snowy peaks were like silver swords stabbed into the ground, with the tip of the sword pointing to the Ninth Heaven. The thick clouds and mist lingered halfway up the mountains, and the howling winds above the clouds were swirling with ice crystals and snowflakes at the waist of the mountains. The terrifying and chilling atmosphere was enough to make one shudder all over.

At night, the tremendous winding mountain range was like an ancient beast waiting for its prey, revealing its sharp fangs, its huge mouth opened wide, and emitting a dangerous aura. In the depths of the mountains, the roars and howling of unknown beasts were repeating continuously, reverberating through clouds.

The boundless forest was covered with snow, and it was an expanse of whiteness.



The snow in the valley had melted and gathered into a small stream that flowed along the mountains to join a torrential river. The river gushed along the valley floors of the mountains towards a distant location, like a fierce dragon that made one tremble all over at its sight.



The natural environment here was extremely bad.

The extreme cold made it impossible for many creatures to survive.



Ye Qingyu controlled the Light Palace to move forward at night, and after approximately one hour, the distant clamorous roars of beast and the screams of humans attracted his attention.

It was a rather flat valley.



There was a small village in the valley.



The village was now situated in great danger. Thousands of ferocious and starving wild beasts, like the tide of death, were brandishing their sharp claws and moving closer to the dozens of barbarians of the village.



With a look of fear, and not the slightest preparation, they frantically grabbed weapons in the midst of the screams to withstand against the beasts.



However, in the face of these beasts, these barbarian people were small and fragile.



“Ah... Mum, mum, save my mum...” A little girl wailed a piercing cry. Her mother beside her was suddenly knocked down by a beast, trampled on the ground, and was about to be torn apart.



In the sky.



Ye Qingyu slightly wrinkled his brows.



He suddenly activated his qi and locked onto the herd of beasts below, as a faint mountain-like oppressive power pressed towards the herd.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 626:


Chapter 644, Luo Yi



On the ground, the roars from the herd of beast suddenly went strangely quiet. Their tremendous bodies were shivering, and a strong look of fear surfaced onto their faces.

The next moment, the herd of beasts was whimpering as though they had encountered something extremely frightening. The ferocity that they had before was immediately dissipated, and with a panic-stricken look they all twisted around to flee. All of a sudden, the thousands of fierce beasts disappeared into the snow-capped mountains.



“They ran.”



“The beasts all ran away.”



“The Sorcerer God appeared?”



“It's the Sorcerer God, it must be the Sorcerer God!”



The people that had come back from death's door stared at the herd of beasts bolting away in a daze, before a reaction came over them.

The young woman who was knocked down by the beast had narrowly survived. Her movements were stiff as she got up from the ground. She then solemnly knelt down, looking skywards, her face glistening with tears, and her eyes glowed with surprise and reverence.



“Thank you Sorcerer God for protecting us.” The woman's voice trembled as she kowtowed to the distance.



One after another, the villagers dropped their weapons, sincerely knelt down, and expressed their gratitude to the illusory Sorcerer God who turned their misfortune to blessing.



High up in the sky.



Ye Qingyu gently sighed, but did not stop. He continued to control the Light Palace to press ahead.



One hour later, the Light Palace was above a stretch of snow-white forests with ancient trees reaching high into the sky.

In the silent forest came a sudden roar of wild beasts.



The loud roar echoed through the ice and snow for a long while.



It was more than ten  men attacking an giant adult snow bear.



The Brute Race men were all burly and tall, and with bushy beards on their faces, as well as a thick coat made of animal skins draped over their bodies.



They were clasping spears and swords constructed from the bones of beast as they charged toward the huge snow bear in front.



The snow bear was at least five or six meters tall, and its huge body was like a little mountain.

One of the snow bear's legs was wounded, dripping with blood, and the snow was stained a chaotic red.



The wounded bear was so irritable that even though more than ten people were attacking from all sides, still they could not bring it under control.



The snow bear frantically flourished its sharp claws, and a brute man unable to evade in time was almost torn into two halves. His body was mercilessly tossed away, breathing only weakly.



The rest of the brute men upon seeing this continued fighting more fiercely.



One of them lunged a spear at the bear’s eyes, but at the expense of one of his arms.



In a killing frenzy, the brute men took advantage of that opportunity to thrust their spears and swords at the snow bear.



Finally, the strong snow bear, due to severe injury and physically tiredness, collapsed with a loud rumble.



With no time to strike a fatal blow at the snow bear, the men hurried to their companion in the distance, only to discover that their companion had already breathed its last breath.

Some people were silent, some were grieving, and some were furiously piercing the heart of the snow bear with a spear.



After along while.



The people dressed each others wounds, carried the body of their companion, and dragged their loot——the snow bear——and left the silent forest. They walked with heavy steps towards a small village far away.



Ye Qingyu also softly sighed after witnessing this scene.

He did not stop and continued to activate the Light Palace, patrolling the lands of Heaven Wasteland Domain. He went to many places he had never been, overlooked the vast land, observed life in different environments, which many were struggling to survive, saw the winding, magnificent territories, and even vaguely felt the world's willpower, which was solemn, tragic, and distant.



The Heaven and earth were boundless and without end. Thinking of this, one could not shed tears in marvel and loneliness.

This was a side he had never seen before, which allowed Ye Qingyu to understand Heaven Wasteland Domain more clearly.

As though Ye Qingyu did not know what tiredness was, he activated the Light Palace Temple of Light and constantly controlled it onward in the boundless world...

The road ahead seemed to be endless.

……



After about half a day.



Ye Qingyu returned the Light Palace, to the Light City.

The reappearance of the Light Palace in the Light City naturally caused a huge shock and vibration. When the Light Palace was gone, the people and forces in Snow capital that had the qualification and status to understand this phenomenon were situated in a strange state. At this moment, the reappearance of the Light Palace provoked widespread discussion.



Of course, these were not what Ye Qingyu cared about.



The power of the Light Palace had been restored, and he was now able to patrol around the entire world. The phenomenon today would certainly appear more often in the future, perhaps become normal, and shortly not only the Snow capital, but most likely all the people of the Snow Empire will become accustomed to the emergence and disappearance of the Light Palace.



What Ye Qingyu really cared about was what he saw when he patrolled around.



He returned to the main hall, sat cross-legged, thinking over everything he saw today within the borders of the foreign races, and was silent for a long while.



For the next following hour, Ye Qingyu quietly sat cross-legged on the stone bed, a calm look on his face, but with compassion.



A few meters away from the stone table, the Map of the Universe gradually dimmed and disappeared into the void.



Ye Qingyu slowly closed his eyes, pondering over a plethora of matters.



After a long while, like he had suddenly thought of something, he took out the bamboo scroll received from the Immortal God Emperor Sect, reading out one line at a time.

The jade scroll contained the information about today's world, including the Domain Alliance, the distribution and strength of the major domains, the top power and existences who really stood at the top of the great martial arts world, as well as the survival rules of the major domains and races.

The appearance of the Central Domain Gate meant that no matter whether the living beings of Heaven Wasteland Domain would like to or not, not for a long, Heaven Wasteland Domain ultimately would have to be integrated into the whole world. At that time, perhaps another storm will descend. Clear River Domain was an example. The strength of the Immortal God Emperor Sect back then was much stronger than the Snow Empire, but in the end, in order to defend the independence of the domain, it still suffered a disastrous loss and ended up withdrawing into seclusion.

Ye Qingyu now had to think about these issues.

While reading, he pondered over these issues.



For the next ten days he shut himself in the stone palace.

Ten days of time very quickly passed by.



And in those ten days, Ye Qingyu had read all the jade scrolls and had a clearer positioning and understanding of the domain, the Domain Alliance, as well as the various forces in the alliance of the vast world.



He also gradually began to have some ideas, and then again fell into a meditative state.

……



The morning after the tenth day.



A ray of sunlight pierced through the roof of Light Palace into the stone hall.



The faint golden light circulated around the silvery white stone palace, bringing a different and fresh atmosphere.



The sun softly shone on Ye Qingyu who was mediating like an old monk on the stone bed.

His face was incomparably handsome under the golden sunlight.



His tightly shut eyes slowly opened, looking at the ray of sunshine, a faint smile curving his lips.



“It's about time, it's time to have a good talk with Xing'er and Right Minister.” He slowly rose to his feet.



The next moment, his figure had already disappeared from the stone hall, leaving only the faint sunlight flowing around the stone bed.



Snow capital.



A golden dome roofed and red-walled palace quietly sat five miles to the East of the Snow Imperial Palace.

From the outside of the high walls it could be seen that in the palace there was a towering pavilion that was giving off a lustre despite being hidden from view within the verdant green trees. In the most center location, a grand hall was standing majestically tall. Its red lacquer door was hung with a black board framed with golden edges that wrote [Blue Cloud Palace], these three forceful characters.



This palace was the Crown Prince Yu Xiaoxing’s imperial residence within the imperial palace.



The imperial residence was surrounded by tall red walls of nearly a hundred meters high.



The city walls were heavily guarded, with sentries posted every few steps.



A squad of imperial guards was patrolling around the city walls, and not even a bird could fly over the high walls of the imperial residence.



Inside the city walls was a twenty-meter-wide lane, which led to another nearly hundred-meter-tall wall.



After the second high wall, was a marble-paved public square of nearly thousands of meters, and in the center of the square was a grand palace hall.



A ten-meter-wide lane crossed the two walls from the entrance of the imperial residence and led straight through the square and linked up to a set of white jade steps in front of the palace hall.



The palace hall was sat atop a five-meter-tall stone base that was surrounded by white jade carved railings.

A few realistic looking statues of gods and beasts on the towering roof of the palace were bathed in the morning sun, glowing more dazzling than the golden roof tiles. On the eaves carved from red sandalwood were skilfully carved sculptures and colourful paintings.

Under the eaves, the external walls of the palace hall were painted red.

There were twenty large red pillars evenly spaced around the palace hall, supporting the weight of the palace hall.



Through the main palace hall and after a high wall was a garden of thousand of meters, where several trees were grown, giving pleasant shade. There was a small bridge, a little stream, as well as a hundred of blooming flowers, giving off a joyous and harmonious atmosphere. Several elaborate pavilions were distributed around the garden, allowing a pleasant view of the magnificent landscape of the garden.

This garden was part of the residence of the Crown Prince.

A breeze blew, diffusing the fragrance of flowers in the garden to the front door of the Crown Prince's imperial residence.

Outside the towering palace walls, a squad of more than twenty imperial guards was marching perfectly straight along the path in the direction of the main palace hall.

The soldiers were all elites, strong and muscularly built, and were dressed in the standard black armour engraved with dark gold patterns that glistened faintly under the sun. On the left chest area of the armour was a red flame-shaped pattern, which was the Snow Empire’s imperial guard elite——[Blazing Flame Battalion] emblem.

The leader of the imperial guard squad was a young man who was only twenty years old.



This young man stood tall and straight, and his skin was somewhat dark. He had a plump forehead, and wide brows and eyes. His nose was tall and sharp, and his lips were slightly pursed up. There was a hint of shrewdness within his straightforward and honest appearance. His armour was engraved with more dark gold patterns, and the quality of the material of his armour was more carefully chosen, only the flame emblem on his chest was the same as the rest of the soldiers.



At this very moment, the young imperial guard captain was both tense and excited.

Today was the first day of him becoming the captain of the twenty-man imperial guard squad, who was ordered to guard the Crown Prince’s imperial residence. To him, this was a great glory. He was nervous, but also excited.

This young captain's name was Luo Yi——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 627:


Chapter 645, Important people arrive



Luo Yi was from an imperial military family, and his father was a general who guarded the northwest border. One year ago his father had performed exceptionally meritorious service on the battlefield, but was also wounded as a result and his power deteriorated. He was no longer stationed at the border and had to retire from military service. In order to appease his father, he was given special treatment and arranged into a position with practically no obligations, so his entire family had come to the Snow capital.



Although the Luo family had a certain status on the border, but it was only after coming to the Snow capital that they found that there were nobles and wealthy families everywhere. And the little position that his father exchanged with his military achievements was nothing.



Just as the family was in decline, suddenly a message reached Luo Yi's ear——-

The Crown Prince's personal guards [Blazing Flame Battalion] was selecting a new batch of imperial guards.

Young Luo Yi's qualification was pretty good and he had quite a strong martial arts foundation. Among people of a similar age he was considered a little master, so he took a try in the selection process.



Surprisingly, he had not only successfully passed the selection, but received recognition from the commanders of the [Blazing Flame Battalion].



Then, Luo Yi went through a three-month training period, where he stood out and finally rose above others, becoming an imperial guard of the [Blazing Flame Battalion]. In the last few days he was also promoted to team captain.

This news made Luo Yi and his family excited.

The [Blazing Flame Battalion] consisted of imperial guard elites and had extraordinary status. More importantly, they were the personal guards of the Crown Prince, which in a way were also the trusted aides of the Crown Prince. As everyone knew, the Snow Emperor had been ignoring the empires affairs for decades, and particularly after the battle of the Light Palace, the Crown Prince was inevitably the one to ascend to the throne, and will probably happen within a year or two.

Once the Crown Prince ascends to the throne, the [Blazing Flame Battalion’s] status was absolutely going to rise.



As long as the young officers of the [Blazing Flame Battalion] continue to perform well, they will certainly become important figures in the imperial army in the future.

Therefore, to become a captain of the [Blazing Fire Battalion] made Luo Yi extremely proud.



And Luo Yi and his whole family's status in the imperial capital were also greatly improved as a result of this.



Today was the first day that Luo Yi was on duty at the Crown Prince imperial residence after his promotion to captain.

Gently wiping away the sweat in his palms, the nervous Luo Yi led his more than twenty men through the square in front the main hall, and marched up the jade white steps.



The door of the main palace hall was currently guarded by another squadron of imperial guards.



After exchanging the order seals, Luo Yi and his squad replaced the original team of imperial guards, and stood guarding in front of the main palace hall.



The rising sun casted a faint golden glow.

Luo Yi’s left hand was gripping the sword strapped at his waist, and his right hand was slightly balled into a fist hanging at the side of his body. This was the most standard posture of imperial guards.



His armour was glistening brightly in the sun, like there was a layer of gold plate.



Luo Yi wore an extremely serious look on his face, standing motionlessly at the entrance of the main hall.



In a twinkling, an hour passed.

But Luo Yi's excitement still had not yet calmed.

In the past one hour, he saw many high-ranking officials of the empire coming in and out, some here to see the Crown Prince Her Highness and some came to report back. These important people would politely nod to Luo Yi and the others as they passed, and even smiled.



The sun was a little hot.



Luo Yi inadvertently turned toward the main door when he noticed two figures coming from afar towards the main entrance of the imperial residence.

The build of one of the middle-aged men was like a burly ape, dressed in the standard black armour of a senior military officer of the imperial army, which glowed an eerie light under the sun's rays. His face was resolute, his eyebrows were thick and dark like ink, and his eyes revealed a steady and calm aura...

Luo yiy recognized at a glance that the middle-aged man was his military instructor Bao Shinu when he was training in the imperial military building.



The former military instructor was a trusted aide of the Crown Prince. He was the highest commander of the Crown Prince's Blazing Flame imperial guards.

He was also the immediate superior of Luo Yi.



So the moment Luo Yi saw Bao Shinu, he instinctively stood upright.



Luo Yi remembered that during the military training, the military instructor who looked at everyone with a solemn look and spoke harshly, also seemed to think highly of him.

And at the side of Bao Shinu was another youngster who looked less than twenty years old. He was clad in a white fluttering robe, slender and tall, and his waist-length black hair was bunched at the back of his head, swaying in the cool breeze. He was handsome, graceful, and his clothes gently flowed as he walked. Like an immortal, he exuded an indescribable aura.



To have Lord Bao Shinu accompany him, could it be a prince of the Imperial family?



And the gracefulness and manner of the young man were not something that an average person could imitate.



Adding to this, Luo Yi noticed something that made him even more surprised——



The young man seemed to be walking alongside Bao Shinu, but in fact, Bao Shinu was keeping half a step of distance behind. Although this distance was not very obvious, it was still noticeable to observant people.



The discovery made Luo Yi a little surprised.

Bao Shinu was a famous figure of the imperial army, as well as the most trusted person of the Crown Prince. Many important people of the military also do not dare to swagger in front of him, but now it seemed that Bao Shinu was willingly keeping a distance behind and with a polite and respectful expression... The scene was really a shock to Luo Yi.



Who was this young man?



Luo Yi had been in Snow capital for more than a year and seen many figures of the Snow capital, but he had never heard of such a young person in Snow capital.



Luo Yi quietly watched Bao Shinu accompany the youngster into the Blue Cloud Palace Hall.



As they passed the sentry post, the young man also glanced at him.



That gaze also slightly startled Luo Yi. That person's eyes seemed like it could instantaneously see through him completely, sending him quivering. That person's clear eyes were like the stars, flickering with a faint light, glistening like a clear spring. Like a bottomless ancient pond, it’s depth was difficult to be measured.

But after a few seconds, the man withdrew his gaze and headed toward the main palace hall.



Bao Shinu slowed down slightly, nodding to Luo Yi.

Still in shocked, Luo Yi hurriedly bowed to Bao Shinu.



Bao Shinu did not stop, quickened his step to keep up with the young man's pace, and entered the main hall together.



It was only when the red lacquer door of the main hall slammed shut, that Luo Yi snapped out of his trance, though his puzzlement grew even deeper.



The sun was rising gradually.



Ten minutes had passed.



There was no movement in the hall.



An hour passed.



There was no movement or sound in the hall for a long while.

After two hours, the young man still did not come out.



Luo Yi was a little puzzled.



He heard from the others that the Prince was young and martial in appearance, decisive and firm. He was swift and decisive, and very rarely entertained guests and courtiers. Even if there were occasionally urgent matters to negotiate, it would only take ten minutes at most. However, the young man had been in there for such a long time and still had not come out, which really was strange.



What big news could this young man bring?



Just when he was pondering curiously——

Creak!

The door of the main hall suddenly creaked opened.

A familiar figure came out from the door.

It was a young officer of the Crown Prince imperial residence. He was dressed in a silver armour, his hands were raised above his head, carrying the Crown Prince's order seal.



The official order seal was printed with a scarlet vermilion seal.

That was the urgent seal of the Crown Prince!

Could it be there was an urgent order?



Was there something important happening?

Luo Yi made guesses in his mind.

Swoosh!



The young officer who had just come out of the hall turned into a stream of silver light and disappeared in the sky.



Luo Yi knew that the imperial residence of the Crown Prince did not allow anyone to fly. The only exception was he was holding the Crown Prince's urgent official seal.



While he was pondering, the main hall door opened again.



In succession, more than ten officers in silver armour came out from the main palace hall, each one was carrying an urgent official seal!



These more than ten official messengers, just like the first messenger, turned into a stream of silver light as they exited the main door, and flew off in different directions.

Luo Yi was more shocked when he saw this.



What had happened that could make the Crown Prince send out so many official messengers at once, and they were all carrying urgent official seals on them? Could it be that the foreign races were about to launch an offensive again?



Time slowly passed by.



About half an hour later, two figures appeared at the other end of the square in front of the palace.

Luo Yi intently looked over, and was suddenly startled.

That slim figure trotting toward the main hall’s direction was unexpectedly the high and mighty Right Minister of the Empire, Lin Zheng!



The slim old man, who would not blink twice with Mt. Tai in front of him, had always been calm and composed. Nobody had ever seen him so frantic, but today he was hastily walking towards the Crown Prince's imperial residence at such a pace that even the messenger behind him could not keep up.

Watching the Right Minister enter into the hall, besides shock, Luo Yi also suddenly realized something.



The reaction of the Right Minister must be related to the young man in the palace.



So he was more puzzled and curious about the young man's identity.



But this curiosity was soon replaced by a greater astonishment.



Because shortly after, Luo Yi's line of sight was drawn to the other end of the square in front of the imperial residence.



A burly, handsome middle-aged man dressed in a luxurious purple gold armour rushed towards the main hall.

Luo Yi was astonished.

It was another important figure.

This middle-aged man was the Golden Apex Prince of the Snow Empire, Yu Feiyan!



Before he could think over the situation, he then saw Left Minister Qu Hanshan, and the Great Commander Li Guangbi hurrying over.



And it did not end there.



For the next following half an hour, one after another, a dozen important officials also rushed over——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 628:


Chapter 646, Who is Palace Lord Ye



What was going on?

The important figures who were usually as stable as Mt. Tai seemed like they were at an imminent crisis?

Moreover, the young man was still in the main hall. In other words he was qualified to join these important people on an equal footing. At the very least he was qualified to sit at the side to listen in to the important decision-making.



Luo Yi had a feeling that the strange matters today must have something to do with the graceful young man.

His heart, like the paws of a kitten, was scratching about, extremely curious. But despite thinking it over and over again, he still did not know who the young man was.

Time seemed to flash by. While he was paying fixed attention to the movements and noises inside of the hall, he learned nothing new.



The Crown Prince's imperial residence was set up with layer upon layer of boundary rune formations, and not the slightest movement or sound could be heard outside the main palace hall.



Luo Yi had to suppress his puzzlement, watching the sun rising higher into the sky.



On the ground, his shadow gradually grew longer.

He also did not know how much time had past.



By the time he recovered from his daze, he came to find that it was already afternoon.



Just then——



Creak!



The red lacquer door of the main hall suddenly opened.

The man who opened the door was Bao Shinu.



When Bao Shinu opened the door, he respectfully stood to one side.



A dashing figure exited the main hall, greeting the setting sun.

The faint golden sunlight bathed the young man's body like he was a divine deity.



The beautiful face was a little hazy under the sunlight, and his waist-length black hair seemed like threads of golden silk.



It was that young man!



Luo Yi was astonished at the sight.

Bao Shinu's attitude was not surprising to Luo Yi anymore. His eyes fell on the young man's body, watching him gracefully step out of the main hall. His pace was gentle, his face was calm, and his clothes were fluttering as he moved, exuding an extraordinary air.

The two people walked toward the direction of Luo Yi.



Thinking of the young man's expression before, Luo Yi couldn't help bowing his head slightly.



But who knew that, just as the young man passed his sentry post, his footsteps slowed down.

“Not bad aptitude.”



A clear and sonorous voice made Luo Yi abruptly lift his head up.



Only to see the faint smile on the young man's face and his line of sight fixed on him.



For a moment, he was a little speechless.



After the young man made this remark, he smiled pensively at Luo Yi, before he nodded and unhurriedly walked away. His pace was calm and his every action was very natural, with a distant feeling.



But in less than a few seconds, his figure had already vanished from the square in front of the palace.



Bao Shinu closely followed the young man and personally walked him out of the Crown Prince's imperial residence.



A moment later, Bao Shinu returned to the main hall.

When Luo Yi saw his former training instructor Bao Shinu, he finally could not suppress his curiosity any longer.



He summoned up his courage and after a deep bow respectfully inquired, “Lord... I...”



Bao Shinu's gaze fell on Luo Yi. Seeing the expression on his face, he couldn't help laughing. He of course remembered this young captain, who he personally recruited into the [Blazing Flame Battalion], Moreover, his aptitude was very good, which allowed him to be promoted to a little captain in a short amount of time.

Looking at Luo Yi's cautious expression, Bao Shinu's mouth curved into a smile. “You want to ask me who that young man was just now?”

His mind seen through by his superior, Luo Yi hurriedly nodded.

Bao Shinu laughed heartily, his eye flickering with an inexplicable expression as he looked at Luo Yi. “Did you not once say that you especially admire the person who tried his best to save the Battle of the Light City, Light Palace Lord Ye? Haha, your idol was right in front of you, you really didn't recognize him?”



Luo Yi was initially taken aback and then he stood there dumbfounded.



“Lord, you... mean... the young man is... Palace Lord Ye?” Luo Yi even began to stutter.



The smile on Bao Shinu's face widened, nodding, he said thoughtfully, “Boy you have pretty good luck to be on duty today. Lord Ye seldoms come here... and Palace Lord Ye even said your aptitude is good. To receive such praise from him, you must be happy. Continue to work hard in the future.”



Astounded, Luo Yi solemnly bowed.



Bao Shinu studied Luo Yi for a moment. Thinking of Ye Qingyu's evaluation of the young imperial guard captain, an imperceptible smile curved his lips, because he knew that Ye Qingyu would not praise someone for no reason, and it was most likely that something will happen soon. This Luo Yi really was lucky.

He patted Luo Yi on the shoulder, before turning and walked into the main hall in large strides.



Luo Yi stood there astounded.



The instructor Bao Shinu, who looked at all students in the training camp with a solemn expression and spoke harshly in the past, was unexpectedly smiling to him?



And he also gave a fond pat on his shoulder?



In the past, it was something that he didn't even dare to think about.



What was going on today?



He said that the young man was Palace Lord Ye.

Palace Lord Ye?



He had been in Snow capital for a whole year, and had only heard of one Palace Lord Ye.

The Palace Lord of the Light Palace, War God, Ye Qingyu.



Was that young man he saw today really Lord Ye Qingyu of the Light Palace?



Recalling all the various rumours about the mysterious Palace Lord Ye over the past one year, Luo Yi felt his blood boiling, overwhelmed with emotions.



Luo Yi could almost recite all the deeds of the War God Ye Qingyu.



The renowned Palace Lord Ye was rumoured to be originally from a little place called Deer City in the northern border. His parents passed away because of a war, and he was born into an extremely poor family. Later on, he was admitted into White Deer Academy, showed extraordinary cultivation talent, made incredibly achievements, and as a result received the title the White Horse Swordsman and went to Youyan Pass. Later, he repeatedly performed extraordinary feats in Youyan Pass, and mercilessly suppressed the threatening manner of the Three Sects and Three Schools. Following that he was promoted to Third Grade Marquis, came to the Snow capital, and went into secret training in the military headquarters. The Crown Prince bestowed him the title of ‘War God’ and he later became the Palace Lord of the Light Palace!



A year ago, after his succession to the Light Palace and becoming famous from the Battle of the Light City, he also vanished without trace since then.



Over the past year, the glorious deeds of him defeating the major foreign races and Demon Race had been circulated around the Snow capital. Everyone had been guessing where he had gone to, but there wasn’t any official news all along. It was rumoured that his injury was too serious that he had to go into hiding to recuperate. While some people said that he had left Heaven Wasteland Domain. There were also rumours that he was the reincarnation of the divine dragon, and he had transformed into the dragon and disappeared without a trace-----

Who would have imagined that one year later, he would suddenly appear in the Crown Prince's imperial residence!



Luo Yi had seen the portrait of the War God before, but for some reason, after seeing him in person today, he felt that the portrait could not express one percent of his graceful bearing. Therefore, for a moment he failed to recognize that the young man was unexpectedly his idol.

The thought of the War God Ye Qingyu praising his aptitude, Luo Yi felt his heart almost jumping out his chest.

He couldn't wait to go back and brag to his colleagues.



Today's experience was absolutely enough for him to boast for a lifetime.



In such an excited mood, Luo Yi felt even his breathing was much more comfortable.



After a long moment, he gradually calmed down as other thoughts surfaced in his mind.



Even the War God Ye Qingyu appeared in the Crown Prince's imperial residence, could there be something happening in Snow Empire again?



With this thought, Luo Yi couldn't contain his emotions. His right hand uncontrollably clenched tightly into a fist.

Time, like water, flowed slowly.

The sun was gradually leaning westward, and in a twinkling it was almost dusk.



When the last ray of sunset dissipated, the door of the main hall was finally opened again.



In the main hall, the dignitaries of the empire, Right Minister Lin Zheng, the Golden Apex Prince Yu Feiyan, Left Minister Qu Hanshan as well as Great Commander Li Guangbi and other important imperial figures left the Crown Prince's imperial residence under the dim light of night.

Luo Yi, who was guarding in front of the main hall, was finally able to rest. The men under his command lined up orderly and left.

A night breeze blew.



Fallen petals were scattered across the Crown Prince's imperial residence.



Luo Yi did not see that the Crown Prince's study was lit up with candles the entire night.



……



The next day.



A white-clothed Ye Qingyu came to the Medicine Hut of the Divine Doctor, Ouyang Buping



Here was where the Empire's Divine Doctor cultivated in secret. It was extremely secluded, and also appeared to be very common. There was only a low wall of one-person tall behind, with a few straw huts irregularly arranged. The straw huts were surrounded by an emerald green bamboo forest, which was faintly shrouded by a veil-like layer of white mist, and a faint bamboo fragrance was leisurely scattering with the wind.



The wooden door of the Medicine Hut was lightly concealed.

Tap!Tap!



Ye Qingyu light knocked on the door.

After about two seconds, the wooden door creaked open.



A weird little boy popped his head out to check.

The little boy was only seven or eight years old, wearing a green-coloured robe, his jet black, shiny hair rolled up into a bun at the top of his head.



On his pale and soft round face there was two obvious, shallow dimples.



The boy stared curiously at Ye Qingyu outside the door with his huge pitch-black eyes.



“Beautiful big brother, who are you?”



A young and soft voice came from the boy's mouth, which was curved in a bright smile, and his two dimples were deeply sunken in.

Beautiful big brother?



Hearing the boy's opinion of himself, Ye Qingyu couldn't help smiling.



“I am Ye Qingyu, here to catch up with Divine Doctor Ouyang,” Ye Qingyu said softly, smiling.



The boy blinked his eyes several times, as though he was thinking of who Ye Qingyu was, and even his brows were slightly knitted together.

“Ye Qingyu?” The boy mumbled in repetition. He seemed to have heard the name before, scratching his head in puzzlement.



A moment later, the boy's face was suddenly lit up with excitement, his eyes widened, and his face was crossed with disbelief.

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled, asking, “Can I go in?”



The boy nodded before turning around abruptly and ran into the Medicine Hut like a wisp of smoke.



Ye Qingyu looked at the boy's figure gradually going further, helplessly shaking his head, and gently pushing open the door to enter the Medicine Hut.



“Little brother! You busy man, you finally come to my place, but I am afraid you won't come for nothing!” There was a look of pleasant surprise on Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping's face as he hurried out from the straw hut and trotted over to Ye Qingyu——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

