Chapter 849:


Chapter 866- Two Saints



Becoming a Saint was the first step toward becoming transcendental.

Standing in the quiet room, Ye Qingyu carefully took in the feeling of attaining the Saint realm.

To manipulate the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] to absorb the fading power of the Immortal Step realm at the final juncture was a risk he took on the spur of the moment. Though he did not know whether others had done this before, he could see that the effect was highly remarkable.

Upon careful comprehension, he discovered that the wisp of Phoenix Race nirvanic aura in his body had completely disappeared.

Being not of the Phoenix Race and thus not possessing Phoenix blood, it was only because the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had granted him a drop of her blood in order to save him that this kind of opportunity arose. During his attainment of the Saint realm this time, he first gave the Great Dragon Turtle Demon a wisp of nirvanic power, then experienced the reincarnation mystery during the process of knocking on the Immortal Gate. As part of the nirvana process, he went from life to death and back, becoming reborn. The wisp of nirvanic power was eventually depleted, while he used an unusual method to complete the true "knocking on the Immortal Gate".

He had finally become a true Saint.

There was an endless supply of inner yuan qi in his body, and the laws and Great Dao of the universe all seemed to be within his grasp.

This powerful feeling was hard to describe in words.

He was confident that, if he ran into those Saints of the Black Moon Immortal Palace again, he would be able to kill them all without the help of external forces such as the [Cloud Top Cauldron] or the [Red Lotus Hellfire]. Even if he was facing experts of the Great Saint realm like Zhong Yuan, he would not be disadvantaged.

Turning to look back at the road he came from, he became extremely emotional.

The martial bottleneck this time had made him reflect and gain some enlightenment.

All along, his martial cultivation had grown at an otherworldly rate which way exceeded that of anyone else of his generation and also many historical records. In particular, his battle strength was moreso terrifying. However, despite the rapid growth, there was some foundational instability caused by certain defects and mistakes, such that when he sought to attain the Saint realm, he ran into huge obstacles and nearly became possessed by the devil on several occasions.

This was a lesson.

As he opened and closed his eyes, the thunder and lightning and the cold light in his them gradually receded.

His entire being gradually became restrained and gentle.

If the Ye Qingyu of old was a showy figure, like a supreme divine sword which appearance deterred others from competing with it, then the current Ye Qingyu was someone whose murderous spirit and cruel qi were restrained, looking no different from an ordinary person, as if he had returned to his most basic self.

The first stage of the Saint realm!

"Whew, I've finally gotten past this stage. The yuan qi in my body is surging and seems to have energy to spare. I might have a chance to go for the Minor-Success Saint realm, but... Hmmm, it's probably best to consolidate for a while before I go for it... Hehe, I can go anywhere in this vast universe from now onwards... Mr. Ren Puyang had put me in charge of handling the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect's matter, which I'm afraid would culminate in a fight. Then again, this would be a good opportunity to consolidate this realm before going for the Minor-Success Saint realm after returning from the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

Ye Qingyu came up with a plan.

Currently, he was completely reborn.

However, because of his success in getting past this stage, he finally departed from the state of a half-primordial foundation.

He did not immediately leave the quiet room.

Because there still was something important to do.

With a jolt of his thoughts, he took out a few top-grade divine jade pieces from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and used his yuan qi to cut them into palm-sized blank jade slips.

He wanted to engrave every one of the thousand martial secrets he had memorized from the [Infinite Arsenal] on these jade slips before handing them to Yu Xiaoxing to bring back. They would become the foundation and greatest safeguard of the Heaven Wasteland Domain's rise among the Vast Thousand Domains, and moreover, some of the top-level techniques among them were prepared specifically for Wen Wan, Yan Buhui, Ximen Yeshui, and the others.

...

Time flew by.

In a twinkling, yet another day and night had passed.

All of the Heaven Wasteland envoys in the Green Xuan Hall had been busy during this period of time.

It was no secret, and in fact had been long spread, that the empress wanted to bring the majority of the envoys back to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. This was known to not only the mission itself but also many forces in Heaven Connect City. As the day of setting off drew nearer, the number of visits from representatives of various forces increased. Everyone understood that this was probably the last chance to have a face-to-face meeting with the sovereign of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and that it would be a lot harder to discuss things after she left.

To express their sincerity, various forces also sent gifts.

According to the decided-upon agenda and preliminarily-agreed partnerships of several days back, there would be representatives from at least thirty chambers of commerce and consortiums following the mission back to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. More than half of them were Human Race chambers of commerce, and thus the Green Xuan Hall was many times more boisterous than before, possessing a lively atmosphere.

Although busy, many envoys would still spare the little time they had to look in the direction of the quiet room in the backyard of the Green Xuan Hall while carrying expectation and tension in their eyes.

Many of the outsiders could understand when they saw this scene.

Because, right there was none other than the self-isolation abode of the [Ice Sword Killing God] Lunatic Ye, whose name had shocked the Road of Chaos during this period of time.

That was a truly miraculous person who had lifted up the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At this time, under the golden morning glory, a thin and perfectly straight figure was standing at the door of the quiet room.

As a rule, Ye Qingyu's personal attendants would wait outside the quiet room every morning. This was the thing that Luo Yi did most. On this day, he had been waiting here for nearly an hour. According to prior experience, if the Lord did not appear by nine o'clock, then that would mean that he would not be coming out for the entire day, and so there would be no need to wait any longer.

As Luo Yi thought to himself, the door of the quiet room opened with a squeak just then.

Dressed in white clothes, Ye Qingyu walked out from within. He was spotlessly clean and was wearing a smile on his face.

"My Lord, you..." Luo Yi instinctively went forth to greet him but was taken aback by the figure he saw. He somehow felt that his Lord had changed, yet was unable to tell exactly where and what the changes were.

Ye Qingyu took no notice of Luo Yi's expression.

As he stood at the doorway of the quiet room, he thought about something, and removed the protective formation he had silently set up around the quiet room he had isolated himself within.

"How's the situation in the west courtyard?" He asked about the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's condition with his first sentence.

Luo Yi hurriedly replied, "The Great Dragon Turtle Demon is regaining his vitality seemingly from an ocean. It's just very strange that he remains unconscious, and might have..."

Before he finished speaking.

Boom!

A dull thud was abruptly heard from the west courtyard of the Green Xuan Hall.

Following which, a powerful qi explosion swept in all directions with the quiet room of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon as its center.

Ye Qingyu's initial surprise became doubt and then shock.

"Let's go take a look."

Sensing something, Ye Qingyu's figure flashed.

By the next moment, he had already teleported together with Luo Yi up to the door of the quiet room in the west courtyard.

Shortly after, many footsteps could be heard coming from the main entrance of the west courtyard.

"What's going on?"

"What happened?"

"The Great Dragon Turtle Demon..."

"Weird, I felt a terrifying power..."

Amid the hubbub of voices, many figures dashed one by one in the courtyard. First up were Wen Wan and the other envoys, followed by a few outsiders who had come to watch the commotion. Evidently, the happenings in the Great Dragon Turtle Demon's quiet room had attracted the attention of everyone in the Green Xuan Hall.

Without turning his head back, Ye Qingyu simply made a slight hand gesture.

The voices instantly came to an abrupt halt.

It was only at this time that others noticed that Ye Qingyu was already in the west courtyard.

When those onlooking outsiders saw that the killing god Ye Qingyu was here, they no longer dared to say a word, for fear of annoying him. After all, it was he who had killed the elder of the Black Moon Immortal Palace, and if he could kill a Saint as easily as killing a chicken, then he could certainly do a whole lot worse to them.

However, everyone's eyes contained some uncertainty.

What exactly happened?

Ye Qingyu did not walk up to push open the door of the quiet room.

He quietly stood in the doorway, as if waiting for something.

Time passed by the minute and second.

The expressions of the figures standing in the courtyard gradually became grim.

This was because everyone could vividly perceive that a magnificent and uncontrollable pressure was diffusing out from the quiet room. Fragrant and flowy, it radiated in all directions. Under this pressure, the entire west courtyard seemed to become mired, and everyone felt as if an ancient divine mountain was gradually pressing down and causing them a little breathing difficulty.

Even Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui felt this pressure.

In the distant entrance of the western courtyard, Old Fish's figure flashed as he took a glimpse inside the courtyard together with the silly dog. A dumbstruck expression emerged on his face as he said bewilderedly, "Huh? This old turtle actually managed to live... and even... This is truly scary indeed. Little Ye Qingyu has managed to create a huge buzz this time..."

The legs of his trousers were then bitten off by the silly dog.

The west courtyard remained quiet.

Nobody dared to say anything without Ye Qingyu saying anything first.

However, some people gradually became unable to withstand the pressure emanating from the quiet room, and so they quietly exited the courtyard and gasped a few mouthfuls of breath...

After thirty minutes or so.

The door of the quiet room was gradually opened from inside.

Countless pairs of eyes looked over.

A burly and sturdy middle-aged man walked out from inside, with a faint azure splendor mist wreathing his body and a strange yet immense power radiating from him. After he emerged, the overbearing pressure in the west courtyard became even more distinct and heavy. He had chestnut-colored long hair, a square face, a resolute expression, and eyes which were clear and calm. He was wearing a long black robe which appeared rather thin and obviously did not fit him. It tightly wrapped around his body, as if his beefy and strong muscles could burst out of it at any time...

The Little Dragon Turtle Zhong Xuan was holding the hand of this middle-aged man and following beside him.

Who is he?

The crowd was stunned for some time.

Ye Qingyu began to laugh.

Gaining a saintly pressure, returning to his prime years, and acquiring dramatically-changed appearance and posture... The Great Dragon Turtle Demon had obtained fortune from misfortune indeed. After being held in the arms of the death god for some time, a miracle happened during the desperate situation, not only bringing him renewed vitality but also remodeling his core demonic qi such that his strength soared past his previous ceiling and entered the Saint realm.

The luck of this old turtle was uncommonly good.

Although they both had the luck of entering the Saint realm, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had not been building himself up steadily like Ye Qingyu, be it in terms of power, battle strength, or comprehension of the Saint realm. In the end, he also became a genuine Saint realm expert, which promised endless possibilities. In bizarre fashion, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had gained another Saint realm expert.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 850:


Chapter 867, Encampment



The news that the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had become a Saint expert spread out at a frantic speed and quickly shocked the entire Heaven Connect City.

Yes, it indeed had shaken the entire Heaven Connect City.

Among the great forces of the world, there were many experts in the Saint realm, and even the Saint experts among those super forces could only be regarded as the middle level. Only when one reached the achievement of the Great Saint realm would one be considered to have embarked onto the peak of martial arts, and regarded as an expert with decisive importance. In particular, in Heaven Connect City, where there were as many Saint experts as oxen. Therefore, to a certain extent, the emergence of a new Saint expert was not a shocking matter.

However, it seemed that from the news of all sides, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon was just a Heaven Ascension demon not long ago, an entire realm away from the Saint realm. What was even more bizarre was that it was rumoured that he was seriously wounded during the battle of the Chaotic Storm, had exhausted his origin source and would inevitably die. In the end, all of a sudden not only had he survived, but he also miraculously became a Saint realm expert.

This contrast had simply blinded everyone's eyes.

Was there a mistake in the information before?

Or had the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps been misleading the outside world all along? But there was no reason for them to do so. The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was not the focus of the outside world, thus there was no need to deliberately release the news that he was soon going to die.

For a while, many forces were puzzled.

In any case, they didn't believe that the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had defied the heavenly law and become a Saint when he was on the verge of death.

It was simply impossible.

But it was clear that the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps absolutely didn't think so.

Because they knew of the true strength and condition of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, and they were completely certain that it was an incredible miracle that the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had defied the heavenly laws and became a Saint. Vaguely, some of the members of Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps had already guessed that the miracle was related to Ye Qingyu. After all, it was Ye Qingyu who was always in charge of his treatment, and it was that day when Ye Qingyu was treating the Great Dragon Turtle Demon that the abnormalities occurred.

But everyone cooperatively buried such a speculation in their heart.

After all, such a news was too shocking, too heaven-defying, and if it were to really spread out, it was not particularly a good thing for Ye Qingyu or the Great Dragon Turtle Demon.

It was just that everyone's awe and adoration of Ye Qingyu was much crazier than before.

Who else would be able to turn a dying person into a Saint realm expert, besides a fiendgod?

……

Two days later.

The ripples created by the news of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon reaching the Saint realm was still moving in the city, though not as huge as before.

Although it was a bizarre matter, he was still just a Saint expert, thus the impact was ultimately limited. Two days later, the attention of the majority of people in Heaven Connect City was no longer concerned about this matter. Only the higher ups, who really held the power of speech, would care about the information that leaked out. As a result, via all kinds of hidden channels, a hidden command was passed down to find out the mystery of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon becoming a Saint.

Of course, these had no relationship to the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

On the third day, Empress Yu Xiaoxing left Heaven Connect City.

The team made up of the diplomatic corps and merchants, more than four thousand beings, which was much more spectacular that when they came, under the escort of forty white-robed divine guards, left Heaven Connect City in a mighty manner. It was also regarded as a glorious return to their hometown.

But Ye Qingyu did not leave.

He still needed to solve the matters of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

There were twenty masters of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, as well as the Great Dragon Turtle Demon who remained behind with Ye Qingyu.

Because they had received an encampment in Heaven Connect City, they must leave some people stationed here, and those to stay behind must be the best based on strength and experience. In the view of both Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing, the ideal candidate was Yan Buhui.

As a former great commander of the northern demon clan, he was well experienced and had shown that he could endure humiliation as part of an important mission before. Whether it was strength, martial arts or intelligence, he was the best candidate. Between Wen Wan and Ximen Yeshui, one was a violent noodle-eating madman and the other a crazy pervert, both were not reliable. But then the Great Dragon Turtle Demon became a Saint expert in one leap, giving Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing another choice.

Considering the fact that Yan Buhui had to return to oversee the northern demon clan, they eventually asked the Great Dragon Turtle Demon to stay behind as the representative of Heaven Wasteland Domain in the encampment of Heaven Connect City.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon had lived a long life, was experienced and knowledgeable, and most importantly, Ye Qingyu saw an incomparably terrifying potential in him. That Great Dragon Turtle Demon had a life yuan of tens of thousands of years. Adding to this, after this tribulation, his mentality had reached a state of open-mindedness like that of a Great Saint. The others may not know, but Ye Qingyu was certain that after this tribulation, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had transcended the limits, in the same way as Ye Qingyu had. He was reborn, and his origin source of demon yuan was reconstructed. Like a carp leaping through the dragon's gate, he had soared to the sky and a limitless future awaited him.

Leaving him in Heaven Connect City could train and cultivate him into a top expert for Heaven Wasteland Domain.

After seeing off the envoy mission, Ye Qingyu and the remaining others temporarily stayed in the Green Xuan Hall.

Silly dog Little Nine also stayed at Ye Qingyu's side.

Old Fish and Yu Xiaoxing left together with the other people.

At this time, in the Green Xuan Hall there was only Ye Qingyu, Little Nine, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and Luo Yi, as well as more than twenty Heaven Wasteland experts who Ye Qingyu had personally selected. There were also Mother Qin and her son who had been resting in the East Court residence.

Originally, Little Nine had to return with the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps according to the list of the first batch of return agreed by Yu Xiaoxing and the other leaders.

But when he learned that he had to go back, he rolled about and made an unreasonable scene in the meeting hall, putting on a melodramatic act and cried that no one could separate him from his master.

Ye Qingyu of course knew that the silly dog certainly was not staying behind because he did not want to part with him, and it must be because he missed the food and wine of Heaven Connect City. Then on second thought, perhaps the silly dog would be useful in what he was about to do next, so he nodded and agreed after a moment of hesitation.

The morning of the second day.

Ye Qingyu was in the meeting hall with the Great Dragon Turtle Demon in discussion on a number of matters regarding the encampment of Heaven Connect City, when Luo Yi suddenly came in to report that an airship of the Domain Alliance had come.

When the group of people arrived at the square, the airship also just landed in front of everybody.

A white-robed divine guard came out of the airship and respectfully bowed, saying, “Lord Ye, I am Tang Chong, early this morning the chosen encampment sites for Heaven Wasteland Domain had been examined and approved. Lord Ren Puyang sent me here to take you to choose.”

As the nominal main city and center of power of the great world, Heaven Connect City could be said to be the sea that can hold the water from thousands of rivers.

In the Vast Thousand Domains, the forces, sects and merchant companies that had passed the rating assessment to become an independent domain could set up an encampment site in the city.

However, the location and area of the encampment were generally selected and approved by the Domain Alliance on the basis of the strength displayed by the various domains and forces.

Ye Qingyu nodded, saying, “Thank you Divine Guard Tang Chong.”

Divine Guard Tang Chong, like Divine Guard Xiao Lin, was one of the personal attendants of Ren Puyang. Previously, it was he who led several other subordinates to escort Ye Qingyu and the others back when the domain grading ended.

Then, Ye Qingyu, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and Luo Yi followed Divine Guard Tang Chong onto the airship.

After approximately one hour.

The airship did not fly too far and began to descend slowly towards a stone building complex.

“There is a total of two prepared encampment sites...” Divine Guard Tang Chong directed the descent of the airship, and turned toward Ye Qingyu and the others to explain, “Now we're going to the first encampment site, which is not far from the Domain Alliance parliamentary temple. It is only a distance of ten meters away and is relatively lively. The transportation is also very convenient there...”

After a few moments.

The airship was firmly parked on a stop next to a main street.

The crowd walked down the airship and followed Divine Guard Tang Chong to a stone building at the end of an intersecting parallel road.

The stone building was beautiful and situated in an excellent location, where the Domain Alliance temple could be seen. The building was less than thirty meters high, with a total of five floors, and was constructed from relatively ordinary-looking stone materials that faintly exuded spiritual aura. In addition to the hexagonal pavilion roof, the shape and appearance of the whole building looked very simple and unadorned, with no decorative engraving. Although it was five floors high, the area it covered was very small. The first floor of the main hall only covered one square kilometer, and each succeeding floor was smaller from there.

“This... wouldn't it be a little too small...” The Great Dragon Turtle Demon looked at the stone tower carefully with some puzzlement.

Ye Qingyu rested his eyes on the fifth floor of the stone tower, and did not say a word. It was unknown what he was thinking.

“There's nothing I can do... this is the final decision of the Domain Parliament.” Divine Guard Tang Chong sighed slightly, looking helpless.

“Is the location of the encampment of domains who just passed the domain grading generally this small?” Ye Qingyu captured the key point from Divine Guard Tang Chong's words and tone.

“This... this is not the case, even if some new domains performed very ordinary in the assessment process, once passed, the encampment site is also at least hundreds of kilometers.”  Divine Guard Tang Chong did not hide anything.

“What?! Hundreds of kilometers! So how come our Heaven Wasteland Domain has such a little area?” Luo Yi couldn't help but ask.

Tang Chong just helplessly shook his head.

But Ye Qingyu did not question further, after all, the Domain Alliance had made such a decision.

“Can Divine Guard Tang Chong take us to see the second encampment site.” The Great Dragon Turtle Demon controlled the complaints of the other experts with an eye signal and turned to look at Divine Guard Tang Chong with a smile.

Although he did not know why the Domain Alliance had made such a decision, but he was an experienced ancestor of the Water Demon Race, and seeing that Ye Qingu did not ask further, he knew that any dissatisfaction and complaint would not be helpful at this moment.

The airship flew around two hours south of Heaven Connect City before they arrived at the second prepared encampment site——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 851:


Chapter 868, [Guanlan Mountain Manor]



Along the way, Ye Qingyu found that they were getting further and further away from the bustling and lively central area of Heaven Connect City, and there were increasingly less streets and buildings. It had become more and more desolate.

“Are we on the edge of Heaven Connect City,” Luo Yi whispered.

The others did not utter a word.

But the colour of disappointment was becoming more and more apparent.

The airship eventually landed.

Ahead was the second encampment site obtained by Heaven Wasteland Domain.

It was a courtyard that seemed to have been deserted for a long time.

The door of the courtyard was made of ordinary mahogany, about two people high and the colour was somewhat faded. The paint surface was mottled, the door broken, and the entrance was covered up. With a push the door produced a shrill creaking sound. Ye Qingyu, under the leadership of Divine Guard Tang Chong, entered the abandoned ruins-like courtyard. He swept his eyes around only to see that there were crumbling fences, dilapidated walls, and overgrown weeds everywhere. It was hard to imagine there to be such a place in Heaven Connect City.

Ye Qingyu also didn't ask anything right away.

He and the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and other people circled around the ruins-like courtyard.

The whole courtyard was divided into four areas. The front courtyard and back courtyard were connected, and on the left and right there were two side courtyards. It occupied a total area of about five hundred square kilometers.

The area of five hundred square kilometers was countless times larger than the previous stone building. According to Tang Chong, such an area was not too bad in comparison to the encampment area of the top forces. From the area point of view, it was a reasonable choice, but the problem was that there were weeds everywhere, the walls were mottled, cobwebs and dust were everywhere, and there were many corner eaves that had broken down. It seemed that one could blow down these courtyard walls with little effort. It was clear that there was no possibility of repair. If they chose this place for the encampment of Heaven Wasteland Domain, then it was necessary to rebuild the walls and fences.

The construction of an encampment site was not as simple as the repairing of houses by ordinary people. It requires a lot of materials, and the reinforcement of formations by top masters, as well as various prohibition formations. This project was extremely large, and given the physical resources and labour resources of the present Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was basically impossible to complete within a short period of time.

Ye Qingyu heaved a sigh, exchanged a glance with the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, but did not speak.

What Ye Qingyu was thinking of, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon also thought of.

The locations of the two encampments both had serious deficiencies and were not good choices.

The two were a little hesitant.

Taking another lap around the courtyard, Ye Qingyu found another strange thing——As he walked through the ruins in front of the hall, there was a chilly breeze blowing about that he could not help but shiver. It was absolutely not normal. Given Ye Qingyu's present cultivation level, he would not tremble like that even in a world of ice and snow. That gust of chilly wind contained a very bizarre energy.

Ye Qingyu stood in the front hall for a good while, and did not seem to sense anything.

“Although this courtyards has been abandoned, but from the foundation point of view, it must have been extremely grand back then and should have an impressive history, right?” Ye Qingyu cast a thoughtful look at Tong Chong.

“Lord Ye Qingyu really is intelligent and can discern what others cannot. Indeed, this was [Guanlan Mountain Manor], which used to be a residence of a Human Race Quasi-emperor in Heaven Connect City. In its flourishing period, not only was this a mountain manor, but within every fifty kilometers of the mountain manor, there were forces of [Guanlan Mountain Manor]. Outsiders did not dare to enter. Unfortunately, I was not able to see its grand state with my own eyes. When I came to the Divine Guard of the Domain Alliance, this was already abandoned, but it was rumoured that the Human Race Quasi-emperor was unrivalled in power and strength. He was a fierce person and his deterrent power was above that of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. The thousands of races would all cowardly retreat upon hearing his name. Unfortunately, something happened and he went missing. [Guanlan Mountain Manor] was turned into ruins, abandoned for countless years, and become like this now...” Tang Chong sighed.

There was such a history to this manor.

A look of astonishment crossed Ye Qingyu's face.

An unknown Human Race Quasi-emperor?

Why did it sound a bit ridiculous? If he were really a Human Race Quasi-emperor then he should not be unknown, right? And from Tang Chong's point of view, the Quasi-emperor had a more terrifying deterrent power than [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], and should not be summed up with the word ‘unknown’.

But from the tone and manner of Tang Chong, it should not be false. The white-robed divine guard seemed to not know anything more and Ye Qingyu did not question further.

But in any case, the information was enough to indicate that the ruins in front of them were really not that simple.

“Since it has such an amazing past then why has it been abandoned?” Ye Qingyu asked again after a thought, “Did no other people wanted this place after the disappearance of the Human Race Quasi-emperor? This area was after all a rare quiet place in Heaven Connect City, which is surrounded by mountains and trees, and the area is so large...”

Tang Chong looked at Ye Qingyu, seemingly hesitant, and finally answered, “Of course there were people who wanted to repair and restore [Guanlan Mountain Manor], unfortunately...”

“Unfortunately what?” Ye Qingyu felt that there was a hidden meaning in Tang Chong's words.

“Unfortunately they all turned crazy in the end.” Tang Chong no longer concealed anything and directly explained, “In the past years, there was a total of eight prominent people who wanted to construct a mansion here, but something strange happened, and they ended up in a miserable state. Ever since a heaven's prideling of the Demon Race turned crazy, no other beings dared to stay here. This is what I read in some ancient books. To this day, these ruins had been abandoned for more than thousands of years, and there were often strange occurrences. Ordinary people simply dared not to come close to this place, and no one dared to take over the area. Therefore, the surroundings are very quiet. I do not know why the Domain Alliance designated this area as one of the choices of encampment site for Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

Ye Qingyu nodded when he finished.

Tang Chong did not know why, but Ye Qingyu had figured it out.

There were still people in the Domain Alliance who couldn't stand the Human Race and Heaven Wasteland Domain doing well, and were deliberately making things difficult for them. The first site was small and pitiful, and the average person would not choose that stone building. However they do not want to give a better choice for Heaven Wasteland Domain, so they simply gave them the choice of this dangerous location. By doing so it seemed that, on the surface, Heaven Wasteland Domain was given a choice, when in fact there was only the stone building that can be selected.

Ye Qingyu stood at the door of the courtyard, silent for a moment.

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon also kept quiet, fury bubbling inside him, but he also did not say anything when he saw Ye Qingyu's expression.

“Divine Guard Tang Chong, the encampment site of Heaven Wasteland Domain will be the first site, the stone building.”

After pondering for a while, Ye Qingyu finally spoke.

These two choices were obviously not very ideal, but the good thing was that the first site was located in the bustling area of Heaven Connect City, which was not far from the Domain Alliance Temple and had good transportation. Although Heaven Wasteland Domain had already passed the domain assessment, but based on their present strength and power they were still very weak. Thus there was no need to send too many people to stay in the encampment. And in the future, this encampment of Heaven Wasteland Domain had more symbolism purpose than a substantive role. Although the stone building was small, it was also enough for them.

But in reality, Ye Qingyu was still really interested in the ruins of [Guanlan Mountain Manor].

Since there was such a legendary and almost ridiculous history, then there must be a huge secret hidden there. Thinking about that breeze of gloomy wind from before, Ye Qingyu actually believed completely in Tang Chong's words and had a great curiosity in the legendary secret. Vaguely, Ye Qingyu guessed that Ren Puyang must also know something, but did not make it clear and still let Tang Chong bring him here. Perhaps there was a deeper meaning to it.

Ye Qingyu took another lap around the courtyard. Releasing his consciousness power, he swept his gaze across and examined around, before he left with the Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others.

After that, everybody boarded the airship and flew back.

Looking at the tremendous ruins below, Ye Qingyu was tempted, and asked Tang Chong, “Commander Tang Chong, since this desolate courtyard has been abandoned for such a long time and no one dares to take over, if I want to buy it the price should not be too unreasonable, right?”

Tang Chong looked surprised upon hearing this, “Lord Ye Qingyu, you want to buy [Guanlan Mountain Manor] ruins? Don’t be reckless, you must think twice. This is a dangerous place and something strange will happen to whoever that lives there. The geniuses and Lords that did not believe in this all ended up in a miserable state. Lord Ye Qingyu, you...”

Ye Qingyu smiled and interrupted him, “Commander Tang Chong you're thinking too much, even if I buy it I do not necessarily have to live there... I'm just asking.”

Tang Chong looked at Ye Qingyu with doubt.

In truth, as part of the Human Race camp, he and another commander Lin Baichuan, because of the relationship between Ye Qingyu and Ren Puyang, also hoped that the former  could soar to the sky. Thus he was a little worried that this human genius would become arrogant because everything had been going smoothly, and make the mistake of entering [Guanlan Mountain Manor].

But after a little hesitation he still answered, “This piece of land is listed in the Land Exchange of Heaven Connect City. No one had asked about it for thousands of years, the price most likely had fallen to its lowest point. Of course you can buy it but... please forgive me for speaking out of turn... it would be better for Lord Ye Qingyu to not have any thoughts on buying this land.”

“Well, I am incredibly grateful for reminding me.” Ye Qingyu knew that he had good intentions and sincerely expressed his thanks.

Soon, the airship came to the Green Xuan Hall.

Ye Qingyu got off the airship, expressed his thanks again, said goodbye to Tang Chong, and left with the others.

Now that the encampment location had been chosen, everything else were trifling matters.

Ye Qingyu was not concerned about these matters, and the Great Dragon Turtle Demon had begun to enter his role, taking care of the various arrangements and matters.

The old turtle had performed exceptionally meritorious services to Heaven Wasteland Domain before and had reached the Saint realm, thus he was very well respected. He issued a series of orders, and the matters were methodically carried out——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 852:


Chapter 869, Deteriorating domain



Over the next few days, Ye Qingyu, as before, shut himself away to cultivate and to strengthen his powers.

He paid no attention to outside matters. All matters, big or small, were given to the Great Dragon Turtle Demon to decide, and he absolutely did not interfere with anything. This was to completely delegate power and shape the prestige and confidence of the Great Dragon Turtle Demon.

In the blink of an eye, another three days passed.

The plan for the repair and renovation of the stone building had been approved, and before they moved in, it had to be tidied up first.

Before the official start of the renovation of the encampment, the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain held a little ceremony in front of the stone building. After receiving the news, many friendly forces and the representatives of merchant companies rushed over to offer their congratulations. Of course, there were also disciples of foreign races, who blended in with the crowd to watch the latest activity of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Part of the ceremony was Ye Qingyu naming the new encampment.

A rosewood plaque was hung high in front of the building. The border was decorated with simple but distinguishable dark gold markings, adding a solemn and unusual appearance to the stone building.

Ye Qingyu's palm flashed with a faint cold light as an icy-cold sword emerged.

He took the sword as a brush. The movement of the sword light was as flexible as a dragon, and each stroke was bold and confident.

The sword qi faded the next moment.

The three words ‘Heaven Wasteland Building’ appeared on the plaque.

The brush strokes were as vigorous and graceful as dragons and snakes, and the imposing manner was as threatening as a sword or blade.

All the experts around the stone building in that moment felt a burst of spirited aura diffusing out from the plaque. Looking at Ye Qingyu again, there was unconsciously another trace of fear. Only one with true strength would feel the terror of the sword intent. The Madman Ye of rumours had improved his strength at a shockingly rapid speed.

Many forces that were interested in forming a friendly relationship with the Heaven Wasteland Domain also presented gifts.

The present Heaven Wasteland Domain was small and weak, but it was a new domain with limitless potential. No matter what the future would be, investment was always a good choice.

During this period, Ren Puyang also sent over a gift.

In addition, several famous and distinguished formation masters of Heaven Connect City, who rarely show up to such events, had appeared in front of Heaven Wasteland Building at the same time. The appearance of the formation masters was a shock to the various forces.

Everyone knew that, in the entire Heaven Connect City, there was only one person who could make the several Human Race formation masters appear at the same time, and that was Ren Puyang.

He had sent this gift to the Heaven Wasteland Domain to publicly express his concern and courtesy to Ye Qingyu.

The several formation masters successively set up a number of protective formations outside of the stone building. The formations were al very mysterious and profound, and if activated at the same time, could resist the full blow of a Saint realm expert.

The whole process was also considered as gathering attention for Heaven Wasteland Building.

After seeing off the Formation masters, Ye Qingyu came into the stone building and personally inspected the inside and outside of the formation carefully. He spent half a day in modifying and strengthening the formations.

This was done to maximize the protection of Heaven Wasteland Building as well as the experts stationed at the encampment.

Although these masters were well respected and had the trust of Ren Puyang, Ye Qingyu had never met them before and so was naturally wary and cautious. In the formations that the masters had set up there must be a formation eye and a way to break the formation. The reason that he had modified the formations was to prevent the secret in breaking the formations falling into the hands of secret forces at the critical moment. After all, the infiltration ability of the top forces was extraordinary. The more in contact and integrated Ye Qingyu was with the great wide world, the more he was fearful.

In fact, Ye Qingyu’s knowledge in formations were derived from the intergenerational inheritance of the Formation Emperor Luosu, and was in no way inferior to that of the formation masters. Since he had personally taken care of the formation, after some repairs and with ten divine level liquid pills and ten chaotic thunder liquid pills as the core source of energy to drive the formation, the defense formation of Heaven Wasteland Building was brought to a higher level. It was impossible for even a Great Saint to break through the stone building.

After all this, the affairs that Ye Qingyu had to take care of in Heaven Connect City was considered as completely done.

Another three days passed.

The members of Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps moved out of Green Xuan Hall and officially entered the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Ye Qingyu's trip to Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was formally put on the agenda.

Before leaving, Ye Qingyu, after a thought, took out a secret cultivation manual from the [Infinite Arsenal] and handed it over to the Great Dragon Turtle Demon. He then came forward to act as host and invited Lin Baichuan and Tang Chong, the two commanders of the white-robed divine guards, to Heaven Wasteland Building as guests. He formally introduced the Great Dragon Turtle Demon to the two high-ranking officers, with the obvious intent of relying on them to look after the Great Dragon Turtle Demon.

The two great white-robed divine guards wanted to form a good relationship with Ye Qingyu, who had limitless potential, so they also gave face to Ye Qingyu and quickly got acquainted with the Great Dragon Turtle Demon.

At this point, Ye Qingyu had done what he should do and what he wanted to do.

The Heaven Wasteland Building had the Great Dragon Turtle Demon keeping watch, while Heaven Wasteland Domain had Yu Xiaoxing and other people. There should not be anything happening for a while.

Ye Qingyu stayed for another day. The next morning he said farewell to the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, and directly left the Heaven Wasteland Building along with Luo Yi, Little Nine, and Mother Qin Hui and her son, setting foot on the road to the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

……

Five days later.

Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

Across the vast desert, yellow sand was whipping about in fury.

As far as the eye could see, the sky was scarlet red, wind howling fiercely, the air was dry, and the spiritual qi was thin as smoke. There was not a blade of grass across the vast desert, only the blowing sand soaring into the sky. Fierce winds were converging and rumbling like waves, and the entire heavens was dim and dark.

A small station building with yellow sandy soil piled around was located in the center of the vast desert.

Although said to be a station, it was more like a stone courtyard that was temporary constructed for passers-by to rest. Perhaps it was much more glorious in the past. The ruins far and near gave the impression that many years ago the buildings here were not so simple, but now it had deteriorated to a state beyond recognition. The majority of the collapsed buildings were buried by yellow sand, and only a few small stone buildings were still standing among the wind and sand.

The courtyard of the small station was not big, and the furnishings inside were very simple. In the main hall there were only a few rocks stacked together casually. Even the only remaining door had long been eroded by the wind and sand, leaning against the doorframe, teetering.

Ye Qingyu stood at the door of the station, letting out a gentle sigh.

It was his first official day in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

Along the way, the sight that he had seen could be described as tragic and sorrowful.

Everywhere was desolate and uninhabited, and there was not the slightest aura of a living thing.

There were some crumbling towns and villages where he could see scattered white bones as well as dried up rivers and lakes. There was not even a blade of grass across the land and rock formations. In particular, most of the grounds were cracked. The winding cracks were extended all over the land, mountains and rivers. There was faint hot air emitting from thousands of meters deep. It was as though someone had struck the land with a huge axe, and across the desert, where the heaven and earth met, there were countless volcanoes, heat waves billowing into the sky, seemingly about to erupt, and the lava had already overflowed the land. It was like hell.

To call such a scene as the arrival of doomsday was not an exaggeration.

And this... was the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain.

The most brilliant and illustrious domain of the Human Race, where countless heroes had emerged and cultivated, was considered as a super force among the Vast Thousand Domains. The Ancient Sky Dragon Sect that had occupied the entire Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was comparable to the major sects such as the Jade Pearl Sect and Tianqian Sect. It had awe-inspiring authority, and for a long period of time, the roars of the Sky Dragon cannon on the Sky Dragon battleships had made countless enemies shiver in fear...

But all this had become the past.

This was the so-called rise and fall.

The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had existed for a very long period of time, and the domain, like a living creature, also had a flourishing and deteriorating period. The present Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, because the spiritual qi of the Heaven and earth had been exhausted, because of the negligence of the Ancient Sky Dragon Race, because... because of various reasons, was like a tottering old man, aged with years and was about to reach the end of its life yuan.

This was a domain about to be destroyed.

This was known throughout the Vast Thousand Worlds.

The deterioration of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was inevitable.

Although it was only Ye Qingyu’s first day here, he had already felt the declining spirits of the domain. What he had seen along the way had confirmed all kinds of rumours. The present Ancient Sky Dragon Domain indeed, as the rumours had said, did not have the vitality of the past. The environment had deteriorated to an extreme state, and all kinds of natural resources were almost depleted. It was only waiting for death and destruction to come.

Ye Qingyu felt sorrowful.

There had been rumours that this domain, which was controlled by the Human Race, had a life span of thousands of years, but from what he had seen along the way, the speed of deterioration and decline was increasingly faster. How would it be able to withstand for thousands of years? It was most likely going to be destroyed in less than one hundred years.

Standing at the door of the station, looking at the kilometers of yellow sand, Ye Qingyu knew that this domain had been abandoned by the mainstream forces of the world.

On the other side, Qin Hui gazed at the yellow sandy soil that covered the world with a complex expression, there was attachment towards her native land, helplessness and sadness.

The young mother who was born and raised here suddenly spoke with a slightly sorrowful and helpless voice, “Lord Ye Qingyu, What kind of domain is your Heaven Wasteland Domain?”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback for a moment then he answered, “Heaven Wasteland Domain is prosperous, boundless, vast as the starry sky, and thousands of creatures exist there. There are rivers and lakes, mountains and plains, some places have four distinct seasons, while some are desert and some covered in ice and snow all year round.”

Upon hearing this, Qin Hui's eyes flashed with a light of envy——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

