Chapter 209:


Chapter 210 - Spread these words

"I really did not imagine there would be someone unafraid to die, to stand out here and spout such nonsense. Little brat, what is your name." The muscular Violet Seven Stars sect disciple's[1] facial expression emitted an ominous aura, pushing apart the crowd and striding out. He evaluated Ye Qingyu up and down, then said, "Someone from the sects? Or someone within the army?"

Ye Qingyu let out a faint smile. "What if I'm of the sects? What if I'm of the army?" "If you are someone from within the sects, then I will cripple your yuan qi cultivation and notify your masters to come collect you. If you are someone from within the army, then I will cripple your yuan qi cultivation and notify your superiors to come collect you." This muscular Violet Seven Stars sect disciple had an attitude as if he was giving judgement, as if the right to decide life and death was within his hands. In a matter of fact tone, "Collaborating with the Demon Race, death must be the punishment. No matter what, you cannot bear the consequences of your action today." "What if I can bear the consequences?" Ye Qingyu seemingly grinned at everyone around him. "Your name was Qi Yong of the Violet Seven Stars sect?"

This Violet Seven Stars sect was slightly taken aback. "You know of my name?"

Ye Qingyu shrugged his shoulder nonchalantly while saying, "I guessed it. In these days, I heard there was a trash called the [Breaking Intestines Palm] that was injured by the Demon Race. So that trash was you?” [2] "You're looking for your own death." Qi Yong's rage shot to the heavens. "Do you dare say it again?" "Say it again? Haha, this is really rare, there's someone who wants to be insulted a second time." Ye Qingyu smiled slightly. "But I am very happy to fulfill your wishes. That's right, you want me repeat my entire words right now, or do you just want me to repeat the part saying 'so that trash was you'?"

Puchi!

There was someone who could not help but spurt with laughter from the side.

These bunch of Jianghu people, entered with an unfriendly and vicious attitude. They had the entire mindset of not paying any heed to anyone. There were many people who could not bear to watch this, rage arising in their hearts. But they did not dare say anything against them. Adding to this, the Jianghu strangers had caused chaos and turbulence within Youyan Pass, breaking apart the orderly lifestyle of the citizens of Youyan Pass. There were many people already dissatisfied with these outsiders.

Although many people did not know Ye Qingyu's identity, but seeing him ridicule this bunch of Jianghu people, they felt their resentment being vented by these words.

But for the people of the Violet Seven Stars sect, Ye Qingyu's words were a provocation that they could not endure no matter what.

"You want to die? I'll help you make your wishes come true." Qi Yong ground his teeth in anger, a flash of killing intent flashed across his eyes. He took a step forward, his figure like the movements of a ghost. Coming before Ye Qingyu in an instant, a moving black radiance appeared in his massive hands that headed like lightning towards Ye Qingyu's chest.

An acute bloody and poisonous odour began emanating from this strange palm.

This was a killing move that he struck out with.

He wanted to kill for sure.

"Ahhhhh…" There was someone so shocked they sharply screeched.

There were also people shutting their eyes.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hands.

HIs palm met that massive palm of Qi Yong

Pang!

There was a sound of an explosion within the air.

There was a faint bizarre smile on Qi Yong's face while he said, "Using your palm to meet my [Breaking Intestines] directly?" I really don't know if you are mentally retarded or brave. The [Breaking Intestine] poison has already been injected to you through your palm. In less than two hours, your palm will turn into pus… Little brat, do you realize the consequences of not minding your own business now?" "Retard." Ye Qingyu shook his head.

"You…" Qi Yong viciously smiled. he was about to say something, when he felt that something was not right. Examining closely, a white layer of frost was encroaching up his arms. In the blink of an eye, it had already completely covered his right arm. The chilling coldness flashed by, then he could not feel the existence of his right arm anymore.

Ye Qingyu stared at him calmly.

"Ah, this… you…" The vicious smile on Qi Yong’s face turned into a fearful screech.

The Violet Seven Stars sect disciples near him also felt a chill and fear they could hardly disguise.

Qi Yong's fear and screech made them completely stunned. Especially that junior brother Lin; in the instant Ye Qingyu appeared, he seemed to have realized something, not speaking out of his own initiative. At this time, he was taking step by step backwards.

"You like to cripple someones yuan qi cultivation? You like to break off someone's arm?" Ye Qingyu suddenly stretched out his finger, lighting tapping against the frozen right arm of Qi Yong. A metallic clang was heard, as if this arm was no longer flesh and blood.

There was a look of desperation and fear on Qi Yong's face.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu’s face instantly turned cold, his fingers flicking out.

Kacha! Kacha!

Qi Yong's entire right arm began to shatter apart.

His flesh and blood was like a shattered ice sculpture, turning into countless pieces of ice that fell to the floor with a clatter. Even the open wound at his right shoulder did not drip with a drop of blood; the wound had already been sealed with ice.

In that moment, there were only cold exclamations in the entire great hall.

Ye Qingyu spread his hands open with a smile. "The last time in the efforts to help the affected survivors, you directed someone to capture the military doctor. At that time, I already felt you were someone of a dubious nature. Today, you came to cause a ruckus. You dare touch the wife and son of a martyred soldier? Since you so like to break someone's arm, then you can have a taste of it yourself today."

Qi Yong's expression was dumbfounded, as if he could not believe in the scene he was witnessing.

Seeing his right arm falling apart bit by bit in front of him, yet he could not feel any pain whatsoever. This type of sensation was even more frightening than if he could feel the pain. A deathly fright and a humongous rage was wrapping around his heart…

The disciples around him also began screaming in fear.

"Just who are you?" Qi Yong roared with rage. "You dare to act against me? Do you even know what you are doing? I am under orders from the head of the military supply department Zhang San to arrest this slut… do you dare to state your name? Do you dare? And the Hundred Herb Hall, to shelter the Demon Race, you are all finished…"

Really foolish.

"Is Zhang San really that great?" Ye Qingyu was about to say something, but he lifted his head and saw that junior brother Lin retreating constantly. It seemed as if he had already discerned his identity. Thinking that this person came from the nobility, and should have already heard something, he pointed at junior brother Lin with a smile, "You, that's right you. Stop hiding, come out."

Junior brother Lin, seeing that the person Ye Qingyu pointed towards was himself[3] , his face turned deathly white.

He was clear in his heart just how terrifying this calm white-robed youth was. The information that came from his family repeated time and time again that there were several characters he could not provoke of his own initiative. Within, there was Ye Qingyu. When he arrived at Youyan pass and heard the countless rumours regarding this person. Junior brother Lin realized that this Ye Qingyu was a madman that he could not mess with.

His legs were somewhat frozen, shuffling several steps forward but could not say anything.

"The nobility of the ancient families of the Empire, are they all as spineless as you?" Ye Qingyu regarded with disdain those people who came out with a silver spoon, that had never experienced bloody wind and rain, those spineless people. This junior brother Lin was evidently that kind of person. Looking at junior brother Lin, "Tell your senior brothers who I am."

Everyone’s gaze, at this instant focused on junior brother Lin.

This junior brother Lin that normally had an exceptional status within the sects, at this time became incomparably not at ease… Biting his teeth, "He is Ye Qingyu…"

When these words were not even finished, Qi Yong began barking and howling like a mad male dog. "Ye Qingyu? Just what kind of dog fart is Ye Qingyu. You are dead for sure, you wait…" In his knowledge, there was not such a person called Ye Qingyu in the upper echelons of Youyan Pass.

But when he reached halfway through his sentence, his words suddenly halted.

After anger had enveloped his head, a flash of clear headedness came to Qi Yong. He suddenly recalled something.

Everyone felt as if they had seen a ghost, their mouth opened wide. They could not say another word anymore.

"The fourth class heroic Marquis of the Empire. The youngest Marquis in history that has gained this title through his contributions. The patrolling sword envoy of Youyan Pass," junior brother Lin finished his introductions.

After this, there was no one who spoke anymore.

If after these words, these people still did not know who this white-robed youth was with such fierce methods, then they had completely lived their lives in this way. In these recent times, apart from the discussions regarding the injuries of the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge, all the discussions were concerned with the youngest Marquis in the history of the Empire.

For the entire people of Youyan Pass, the meaning behind the name Ye Qingyu was already something they could not ignore.

Especially the battle between Ye Qingyu and Zhang San had already completely spread out. At this time, the entire Youyan Pass already understood; the wings of this patrolling sword envoy had already fully grown and had begun to spread. He was definitely one of the fierce characters of the Pass.

"Today, you did not use your noble status to scare people. It seemed like the slap on that day has made you remember." Ye Qingyu looked at junior brother Lin, with an expression of real admiration, nodding his head. "The army is different from the Imperial Court. Don't' keep using your identity to press down others, otherwise people will treat you as a spear, being used with you none the wise. Return now, don't be the cause of any more trouble. If you enter any deeper into these troubled waters, it will be too late if you want to leave again."

Junior brother Lin lowered his head without saying anything.

Ye Qingyu did not speak anymore.

His head swiveled around to look at Qi Yong. "Then for the me right now, am I able to bear the consequences of my own actions?"

The Violet Seven Stars sect disciple that was known as the [Breaking Intestine Palm] shivered, not daring to utter a word.

"In these days, you so called Jianghu people have caused complete chaos in Youyan Pass, making everyone shiver with trepidation and fear. Have you really come to give assistance?" Ye Qingyu's expression turned serious as he regarded these disciples of the sect. "If I do not recall wrongly, the summons of the Imperial family and the military department, is for you to enlist within the army, to give assistance to the Spring time offensive of the [Youyan army]. It is not to come here and to pretend to be someone great.”

The disciples of the sects lowered their heads, not daring to look upon Ye Qingyu.

Their strength was not as great, their status was not higher, and their fame was even less. Apart from lowering their heads, what else could they do? This opponent, even a huge character like Zhang San within the army did not dare provoke directly. How could they do it themselves?

It was rumoured that this newly promoted military Marquis was a martial lunatic. When he went crazy, he dared to kill anyone. If disciples of the sects like them really provoked such a lunatic, then they most likely would die in vain.

"The commanders of the [Youyan army] are currently busy on official business, without spare time to manage you guys. You really imagine, that the sects can do whatever they want?" Ye Qingyu's gaze became severe, smiling. "Since the other people of the army are busy, then let me manage you people… today, you guys can help me spread these words to your Jianghu comrades."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 210:


Chapter 211 - The first person recruited into White Horse tower

He pointed at the disciples of the Violet Seven Stars sect, saying seriously, "Today I won't kill you, I'll leave you with your lives. When you return, spread the words that I, Ye Qingyu, am about to say. First of all, from today onwards, no matter what the sect, no matter who they are, you bunch of Jianghu people, be a little more honest. Don't cause trouble and chaos. The [Youyan army] will naturally capture the demons ourselves. We don't need your interference. Secondly, the grudges of the Jianghu can't be brought into Youyan Pass. If you want to fight against each other, then scram outside of Youyan Pass to solve it. Just sit quietly with your tails lowered and await the military orders of the army. Thirdly, working for a military pass, everything is decided by the military orders. If you want to achieve something, then you should expend your efforts on things that are worth expending your energy on. Otherwise… I don't mind personally finding you to have a talk."

Once these words were said, it was as if there was the clang of blades and spears in the air.

A hard to describe powerful aura emanated from Ye Qingyu's figure.

"Fine, you guys scram." Ye Qingyu waved his hand. "Go back and tell Zhang San not to rest his laurels on his past contributions. There are somethings you can do, but there are some things you can't do. If you walk many times in night roads, you will meet a ghost sooner or later. If he continues like this, there will be a day that even Commander Lu will abandon him."

Qi Yong bit his teeth, looking at his shattered arm. Coldly, "I will return and tell lord Zhang about this."

Ye Qingyu grinned slightly while he said, "From your tone, it seems you still do not accept. Let me remind you, don't pretend to be hard in front of me. For me, killing you has no difference from putting down a rabid dog that bites people on the street. No matter whether it is the heroic Marquis title, or the patrolling sword envoy, either position has [1] the power to first kill then report all soldiers under that of military warfare officer. This furthermore applies to vagabonds like you that don't even have roots within the army."

A faint ice mist slowly appeared on Ye Qingyu's palm.

Qi Yong could feel a sharp killing intent. He originally wanted to leave a scathing retort, but he instantly sealed his lips, turning and departing without saying anything. Ye Qingyu's palm drew through the air, and the steel shackles on the floor came to his hands. He threw it out again, "Take this thing and bring it away with you."

This steel shackles flew through the air like a snake. It landed just on the body of the purple-robed young man, his skin lacerating open.

This young man cried painfully. He did not dare turn back, increasing his speed to run even faster.

"Things you cannot bear yourself, but you like to use on other people…" Ye Qingyu felt increasingly certain, that the people of the sects were completely running a con when they came to participate in the battles of the army.

Looking at the people of the Violet Seven Stars sect fleeing in such a sorry state, the atmosphere of the great hall relaxed a lot.

There were some people letting out low shouts of praise, and there were also people clapping.

The surrounding people that came to observe seemed not to want to leave. There were even signs that more and more people were arriving. Many people had heard of the battle hero Ye Qingyu greatly advertised by the [Youyan army] and wanted to have a look. There were some people that were shocked to discover that this white-robed youth Ye Qingyu was someone they recognized. Was that not the white-clothed man with great strength that helped to give aid the previous days?[2] "I recognize that Ye Qingyu; I even lifted stretchers along with him," a middle-aged man with a large scar on his head said in a disbelieving voice." "That's right, you lifted stretchers with Marquis Ye. Zhang Laosan, you really know how to lie." "You don't believe, if you don't believe me I can prove it to you…" The middle-aged uncle turned red, pushing forward and beckoned with his arms. Shouting, "Little brother, it's me, do you still remember me… eh, no, it’s Marquis Ye, hehe…"

After he said these words, he suddenly realized that this person was a true Marquis. Would he even pay attention to him?

This was somewhat too embarrassing.

But who would have guessed, that before the sound had fallen, the Ye Qingyu in the midst of the crowd, heard this and turned his head. Seeing the middle-aged man, he immediately grinned. "Uncle what are you doing here? You came to buy medicine?" Ye Qingyu came over, rubbing that scar on the middle-aged man’s head. He said with a chuckle, "The wound has healed, but it’s a pity a scar has been left behind.”

Ye Qingyu's smile instantly made this middle-aged uncle feel that he could shoot through the nine heavens. He said in a somewhat embarrassed voice, "Us men of Youyan Pass, it is normal for us to have some scars. Hehe… Little brother, no, Marquis Ye, I did not imagine that person that day would be you…" "Just call me little brother. It sounds more comfortable that way," Ye Qingyu replied smilingly. "How is it? How is Little Yang and his mother? Is everyone still okay?" "Little Yang can already work again. Mother Yang is largely without any issues. Everyone is still great. Thankfully you were able to help that day, without delay at all. The people that were injured could receive aid at the quickest time…" the middle-aged man explained.

Conversing for a bit, Ye Qingyu saw that the people surrounding them had increased even more. Saying his goodbyes, he invited the middle-aged man to come visit the White Horse tower when he had time.

Only until Ye Qingyu and Shopkeeper Sui entered into the VIP area of the Hundred Herb Hall, did the surrounding crowd surround the middle-aged man with a clamour.

"Really awesome. Zhang Laosan, you really did know Marquis Ye?" "Hehe, that’s right, I just said, it's just that you didn't believe me…” "Haha, your Zhao family really has green smoke on the ancestral graves of your family. To know such a great character, it seems like Marquis Ye treats you very well too…"” “Say whatever you want. I, Zhang Laosan, really know many people…" There was an unprecedented pride in the middle-aged man's heart, his back straight and his chest sticking out. The people beside him that had helped with the recovery and aid efforts all gathered and began discussing the events of that date. Just like this, one spread to ten, and then spread to a hundred. Extremely quickly, many people realized that Marquis Ye was such an interesting person, that he had also aided in helping those that had suffered from the disaster.

Within the crowd, there were also some people of the [Breeze and Drizzle building] that also began retelling their tales. They told of how Ye Qingyu had slaughtered the blood flame demon bear as well as snow white lizard, causing many people's blood to boil with excitement.

Many stories relating to Ye Qingyu began to spread out just like this.

The people saw a more comprehensive and real person than the image the army had advertised. Coming out from the mouth of these common citizens, it made people more easily believe in the stories, because it made many people feel that this young Marquis really stood on their side.

…… …… "Uncle, you are amazing." Ling'er was staring at Ye Qingyu.

VIP area.

Shopkeeper Sui sincerely received Ye Qingyu. Because of the incident that had just occurred, the relationship between the two got even closer. Hundred Herb Hall could be said to acknowledge the debt they had to Ye Qingyu. If not for Ye Qingyu forcefully obstructing them, and these Violet Seven Stars sect people really dragged Huang Zhen off, there would have been nothing Shopkeeper Sui could have done. Even if he went through the relationships that he had within the Pass to save the mother and child pair, but by that time they would most likely be nearly[3] half dead, with tragic consequences.

Huang Zhen’s gratitude was endless.

Today she had basically given up all hope.

At a crucial time, Ye Qingyu had appeared. It allowed this stubborn and lonely female herbal master to protect her son.

"What uncle, call me brother. I'm not that old." Ye Qingyu intentionally had a dark face, teasing this cute little fellow.

"Okay, uncle." Little Ling'er giggled. He was still injured, but his original lively personality was already back in full effect. He lifted his head to look at Ye Qingyu, his voice filled with deep longing, "Uncle, you're so awesome. Can you please teach me?"

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, he did not imagine this little child would say such words.

He turned to look at Huang Zhen.

The female herbalist instantly misunderstood, dragging her son back, and scolding him, "Ling'er don't say rubbish. Just what kind of identity is Marquis Ye, he is busy with military affairs. He doesn't have time to teach you. Saving you today is already a great debt, don't take things too far…"

Pok!

Ye Qingyu nearly spurted out with a snort.

Busy with military affairs?

After he had arrived in Youyan Pass, apart from undertaking in a mission deep within the Explosive Snow Glacier, he had always remained confined within White Horse tower. He really could not bear the description 'busy with military affairs’.

However…

Ye Qingyu thought it over, lifting his head to look at Huang Zhen, “What is the surname of Ling'er's father?”

The female herbal master did not understand, quickly replying, "His family name is Jin, Jin Wuxiang. He's one of the nominated hundred military warfare officers of the Vanguard.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, looking at the little fellow in front of him. "You are called Jin Ling'er? You, little fellow, are somewhat interesting. Do you really wish to follow me and learn the martial way?" "En, Ling'er wants to go to the battlefield of the Demon Race to find my father… Uncle, can you please teach Ling'er? Is it like the others have said, if I want to learn martial arts, I have to be your disciple?" As Ling'er said this, he was about to kneel down. "My master, please accept the bow of your disciple."

Ye Qingyu instantly felt black lines appearing on his forehead.

This little fellow was really cunning.

Quickly lifting him up, Ye Qingyu shook his head. "My martial way has not yet come to its fruition, and I am far too young. I cannot accept any disciples. But you can come to the White Horse tower, I will give you advice on your martial cultivation. Perhaps this may prove to be of benefit to you."

Huang Zhen, hearing this, was instantly overjoyed with happiness.

She hadn't even imagined in her dreams that Marquis Ye would accept her son and give him advice on his martial cultivation.

Even though she did not pay particular attention normally to the ranking of the experts within the Pass, but she had heard that Marquis Ye with his Spirit spring level cultivation was able to fight directly against the head of the military supply department Zhang San. Today she had even seen with her own eyes Ye Qingyu's power when he faced off against the people of the Violet Seven Stars sect. If her son was able to receive the advice of this little grandmaster of the martial path, he really ascended to the heavens in one step.

"Thank you Marquis. I will thank you on behalf of my deceased husband for this debt of gratitude.” Huang Zhen was so moved she did not know what to say, crisply bowing to the floor and lowering her head to the floor.

Ye Qingyu was shocked, quickly assisting her up. "Officer Jin is a martyr, he is a hero of the [Youyan army]. Everyone should realize his contributions. The reason I am willing to give advice on Ling'er on his martial cultivation, apart from this, is because Ling'er is exceptional, with yuan qi around him. Although his body is slightly weak, but he is a good talent for cultivation. If he works hard, he will definitely achieve something great in the future."

Ling'er received praise, and instantly exclaimed and cheered.

"From today onwards, come to the White Horse tower." Ye Qingyu rubbed the head of this little fellow, saying," From today onwards, you can be counted as a member of the White Horse tower. Once you enter the White Horse tower, you will wear the white armour for the rest of your life, following the rules of the army. This is just like entering a sect, you cannot abandon it. Are you willing to do this?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 211:


Chapter 212 - We meet again

Amidst the myriad of thanks from Jin Ling'er and his mother, Ye Qingyu rose and said his departures before leaving from Hundred Herb Hall.

According to their agreement, this female herbal master would send her son to the White Horse tower the next day. Everything had been arranged accordingly. Ye Qingyu already possessed the power to recruit soldiers, and Jin Ling'er, who was four years old, could be counted as the first soldier this heroic Marquis had recruited.

Recruiting Jin Ling'er was not a momentary impulse by Ye Qingyu.

Jin Ling'er's background easily made Ye Qingyu relate to his own history. He was able to sympathize with the sensation of losing one's own father, and Jin Ling'ers actions in protecting his mother even when facing disaster made Ye Qingyu's heart moved. Furthermore, this little child really did possess a surge of yuan qi around him; Ye Qingyu's premonition told him that this little child would definitely have success in the future.

As for his naturally weak constitution, apart from ingesting demonic blood, there were many other methods of solving this; it was not a problem.

After coming out of the Hundred Herb Hall, Ye Qingyu again went to several other stores.

Apart from ingredients for the refining of the pill, he also required other tools and minerals. However, these were more common, it was not something the pill formula required, but was something required in the process to refine the pill. They were still difficult to find though, and Ye Qingyu spent roughly two hours of time before completely acquiring these items.

The time was about noon.

Ye Qingyu thought it over, and then decided to eat before he returned to save himself from troubling Mother Wu.

There was a little restaurant on the way back, extremely busy, with many people coming and going. Seeing this bustling atmosphere, Ye Qingyu was instantly delighted, and entered. Since Ye Qingyu came from a common background, he liked these kinds of places very much. Passionate and bustling, there was none of the nonsense of etiquette and such. One could experience the true lifestyles of the citizens.

Snow Empire had been founded for near a hundred years, with a stable border and rule. It caused the economy to become prosperous and people paid much more attention to what they eat. Some people had once estimated that the dishes within the borders of the Empire could be split into ten different styles, with special attributes to each style. But for a roadside restaurant like this, there was not such care paid to what they eat. The most popular cuisine was meat and alcohol.

Ye Qingyu ordered roasted lamb and rye alcohol, sitting down on a seat beside the window.

There were unrestrained and rough sounds of alcoholic drinking games, and an acute smell of strong alcohol pierced through the nose; there was an unrestrained and complex atmosphere. The female proprietor, whose figure was like a bucket, was shouting as she greeted her customers and the bartender, who was wearing a dirty outfit as he carried a black wooden tray, traversed between the crowded tables.

In such an environment, Ye Qingyu was unprecedentedly content.

These were familiar scenes to him from his childhood.

Seeing these rough faces, in reality these were the most primitive and truest faces of people.

Kadong!

The coarse jar of alcohol and a small dish heavily thudded before Ye Qingyu. Before the waiter had even finished saying 'enjoy yourself', his figure had already turned and placed the contents of the black wooden tray onto another customer's table.

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly.

He suddenly remembered, in his most desperate years, when he could not bear his hunger, he had stood outside the little restaurants in the poor areas of Deer City. Seeing the tall and unrestrained adults slamming silver with a crash on the table and shouting for the waiter to bring their best alcohol and meat here…

The him at that time, while dripping with saliva, also longed for the day that he could sit in restaurants like this, ordering what he wanted. Drinking good alcohol and eating good meat for the entire day, completely devouring what he wanted…

That was the greatest thing that could happen in one's life.

Then right now, could he himself already be counted as very fortunate?

Ye Qingyu quickly forgot about all other thoughts, two hands grabbing the roasted lamb leg, and began devouring it in large mouthfuls. He directly grabbed the coarse earthen jar, gulping down a mouthful of strong alcohol…

In such a restaurant, in such an environment, it was as if Ye Qingyu had found a state where he could do whatever he wanted.

Only after finishing the third jar of strong alcohol did Ye Qingyu feel slightly tipsy.

There were already people with shocked gazes that looked towards this youth. Ye Qingyu's tolerance for alcohol was greater by far compared to other people.

"Perhaps previously, my heart did not feel great because there were far too many things that I was too cautious of. Therefore, I always felt something uncomfortable?" Ye Qingyu leaned by the window side, abruptly falling into deep thought.

Thinking back to the matters that had occurred these days in Youyan Pass, there were times that he was afraid of the slightest thing. Such as the times where he was going against the supply department, and the times where he was dealing with those people of the sects. Slapping them and giving them a warning, could it really make them change? Could it really change everything?

It seemed like this was not possible.

In this world, where the strong preyed on the weak, only swords and blades could really make these people think twice.

As the patrolling sword officer, he had the power to kill and then report. If there were people breaking the discipline of the army or performing destructive actions, he could kill as he pleased. Compared to this, he had used the gentlest method possible. Was it that he wished to avoid a conflict?

But if he did not kill, could he really intimidate the others?

This time, he let Qi Yong and the others return alive to let them spread the word, so the other Jianghu people would know restraint. But at the time, just how many would show restraint?

What if, at that time, those Jianghu people who did not know how tall the heavens were or how deep the earth was, would still continue as they please?

Ye Qingyu leaned against the table, seriously mulling it over. He knew what he should do now.

If his actions were right, then there was no need to be afraid of the slightest thing.

Ye Qingyu's martial heart was the Asura Killing Heart. During the testing of the White Deer Academy, the examinations had already made this abundantly clear. As he thought of this crucial point, his thinking instantly aligned with his martial heart, and he suddenly felt his entire body becoming unprecedentedly comfortable. The yuan qi in his body flowed with no imperfections, surging and rolling, as if it would never end. When he activated it, it flowed more in line with his intentions.

Could this be the so called enlightenment?

Ye Qingyu sensed the yuan qi flowing within his body and blood, greatly surprised.

This was an unexpected harvest.

He could not help laughing loudly.

On the other table, there were men that were large and rough, wearing coarse woven shoes and clothes. They were currently drinking but seeing this scene, one of them came over carrying a large jar of strong alcohol, inviting Ye Qingyu to drink along with them. Ye Qingyu did not hesitate at all, accepting crisply. Going over, he placed one of his foot on the chair, rolled up his sleeves, and began playing drinking games with this group of men. The noise and bustle was like boiling oil, causing the atmosphere to be extremely lively in this little restaurant.

The people passing by outside could not help but be attracted to such an atmosphere, turning their heads to look.

And at that time, two dainty little figures appeared in the entrance of the little restaurant, having a look inside then went to find a seat. Sitting down, they called over the waiter to order…

It was two young girls.

They seemed like master and servant.

The master was approximately fourteen or fifteen years old, with an exquisite figure. She was wearing a long dim red dress, her hair like the clouds. On her face there was an intricate mask made from golden strands, seemingly extremely noble. Her exposed little hand and skin was incomparably white, like that of white mutton fat. It was as if it was radiating with a strange silver brilliance, with a type of mysterious sensation emanating from her.

The servant was also a girl, around the age of twelve to thirteen. She had two little ponytails, a small delicate mouth and nose, and large eyes. Her appearance seemed extremely intricate and there was a short dagger by her face. She had the appearance of a miniature adult, emitting with radiance, extremely cute.

The entrance of these two girls instantly attracted countless glances.

Both their outfits were extremely decadent and exquisite, from one glance they seemed like a young lady from a noble family and her servant coming out for a walk. According to normal reason, they should not appear in such a chaotic little store, but the two appeared contrary to this. They seemed not to have any sense of surprise at anything, as if everything was extremely normal and common to them.

"Heh, those two girls are really pretty." "Really pale, what noble family is this young lady from?" "What kind of noble young lady would come to such a place?" "Perhaps she sneaked out to have fun. Heh heh, in those legendary tales, is there not a noble young lady who sneaked out, eventually falling in love with a poor boy before eloping with him? Haha…" "You've drank too much. If you have the balls, then go and try and hit on them, let's see if they will speak to you…"

There was a series of whispered conversation everywhere around them. Everyone in the restaurant was extremely curious towards these two girls who were like fairies that had abruptly appeared.

Such an environment, with the encouragement of the people around them and the alcohol, easily caused many people to do daring things. A while later, there really was someone that went over to strike up a conversation with a smile. But without knowing why, after being glanced at by the young girl wearing the mask with golden strands, this man was instantly defeated. It was as if he did not dare to regard that icy and calm pair of eyes, coming back ashenly… "Sister, why must we come to such a place. It stinks…" The little girl with ponytails pinched her nose together. Evidently the room that was packed with the smell of alcohol, body odour, and sweat made her very uncomfortable.

The young girl wearing the golden mask did not say anything. She poured the strong alcohol in the earthen jar onto her little cup and then gulped it down.

The expression on her face remained as icy and as calm as it ever was. Beneath the mask, her eyes had the slightest trace of surprise, evaluating her surroundings, as if she was searching for someone.

Seeing this masked young girl gulping down cup after cup of strong alcohol, the surrounding people were completely stunned.

They had never imagined such a petite and dainty young girl would be able to drink so much.

The atmosphere of the restaurant instantly became somewhat perplexed.

This strange atmosphere was only broken when a youth with oil and alcohol stains on the sleeves of his white robe sat with a laugh opposite the masked girl without asking the permission of these two girls. It was as if they knew each other. He poured himself a cup of strong alcohol and lifted his cup to the masked young girl opposite him.

Everyone waited for this white-robed youth to be turned away.

"It's you?" The little girl with ponytails’ gaze fell on the face of the white-robed youth, surprise on her face. There was instantly a trace of cautiousness appearing on her face. "You bastard, why are you here?"

Opposite.

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly, "For me, coming here is very normal. It is just that you, little fellow, really dared to remain within the city. You really made me surprised.”

As he said this, his gaze already impatiently fell on the face of the masked girl. Somewhat emotionally moved, somewhat shocked, somewhat worried, and somewhat excited. Complicated emotions constantly conflicted each other. A while passed before he calmly stated, "We meet again. I did not imagine that you would appear here."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 212:


Chapter 213 - Can we be friends?

No one would have thought that Ye Qingyu would go over and greet the two young girls of his own initiative.

But the words he just spoke seemed so reasonable that the entire restaurant also felt that the appearance of this white-clothed youth was somewhat strange. Compared to the coarse and rough men, Ye Qingyu had a clean and fair face, his tall and muscular figure had a natural heroic quality that seemed like it should not appear in such a restaurant.

The previous white-clothed youth had rolled up his sleeves and stood on the chair, playing drinking games with the men that spat saliva everywhere. It had made the others overlook such a point.

In the hearts of everyone, if there was anyone that would be able to successfully strike up a conversation, then it must be this white-clothed youth.

Perhaps the scene where a poor boy picks up a beautiful, kind, and noble young lady before returning home with her was happening in front of them?

Everyone in the restaurant pretended to drink or play drinking games, but in reality they were all paying attention to the matters undergoing there.

Opposite the table.

"Who are you?" the young girl with the golden patterned mask asked calmly.

Her voice was so cold that it seemed like the astral wind blowing above a ten-thousand-meter-tall icy mountain. It was as if it could cause someone’s soul to instantly shatter into ice shards in a moment time.

"He's a baddie. Sister, this person is terrible." The ponytailed girl glared, staring ferociously at Ye Qingyu, while about to draw the little dagger by her waist.

Ye Qingyu stuck out his tongue at her.

Then he turned, looking at the golden masked girl with a smile and said, "We've met before, in White Deer Academy. I once helped you alter your clothes, do you still remember me?" "Hmph, I knew from one glance you were a perverted fellow. To want to strike a conversation with my sister like that, bastard." The ponytailed girl’s eyes widened, coldly laughing, "My sister has never went to that dog fart White Deer Academy. Your method of picking up girls is really stupid." "You little girl scammer, you really speak too much." Ye Qingyu was infuriated.

The young girl with the golden fretwork mask had an icy and empty gaze that halted slightly on Ye Qingyu's face. There was not the slightest of emotions within in her pupils. She said disinterestedly, "I don't remember."

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly, then asked, "Fine, then do you recognize a girl called Song Xiaojun?” "I don't recognize that name." The tone of this golden masked girl was still so cold that it completely caused one to distance themselves from her.

Ye Qingyu had been constantly paying attention to her expressions, but he did not discover the slightest change whatsoever.

He was just about to change the subject when the ponytailed girl finally could not bear it longer. She used the toy-like dagger to fiercely rap Ye Qingyu's forehead, angrily saying, "Stinky little brat, who are you perversely staring at? To dare stare at my young lady, I'll dig your eyes out… Hmph!"

Ye Qingyu covered his head as he grinned.

This little girl was really too violent.

No wonder she was so daring beforehand, using the skin of a Crepe Myrtle sect disciple to appear at the [Breeze and Drizzle building] and claiming she came from the Unmoving City of Darkness. It was a pity that at the time, she left too quickly before Ye Qingyu could ask her anything.

But right now, there was no longer a need to ask.

Because the Song Xiaojun that Ye Qingyu thought constantly about, regardless of whether or not he was awake or asleep, had already appeared.

This first time she had appeared was when she had ambushed Lu Zhaoge.

The second time she appeared was before his very eyes.

In the moment these two girls had entered into the small restaurant, Ye Qingyu could already recognize them. This young girl wearing the golden fretwork mask, her aura had greatly changed. The her after assimilating with the bloodline of darkness had seemed to turn into a completely different person entirely. But Ye Qingyu was far too familiar with Song Xiaojun, even if he closed his eyes he would be able to sense her presence.

As for this ponytailed little girl, she called Song Xiaojun her sister. She should be a member of the Unmoving City of Darkness, and seemed to be a maidservant of Song Xiaojun.

These two people, using some kind of method, concealed their aura of darkness. From their outer appearances, they seemed to be no different from an ordinary person, and one could not even sense any fluctuation of energy on them. No one would have been able to guess that such a pretty, cute, and mysterious noble girl would be one of the main perpetrators who had attempted to assassinate the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge.

Ye Qingyu's teeth clattered as he was smacked on the head by the dagger of the little girl.

Everyone began laughing within the restaurant.

Seeing Ye Qingyu being turned away again and again, the men and the female owner of the store let out well-intentioned laughter.

"You scammer, you are too rough…" Ye Qingyu angrily lifted his head and with a clang, flicked his finger on the forehead of the ponytailed girl. Infuriatingly he spat, "I'm speaking with your master, can you not be so ill-mannered, and stop interrupting." "Ai, you dare hit me…" this ponytailed girl seemed to be about to go berserk.

The golden masked young girl gave her a glance.

The rage of the little loli retreated and said resentfully, "But sister, this bastard hit me…

The masked girl did not say anything.

Ye Qingyu provoked this ponytailed girl with a funny face, causing her little teeth to bare out, but she could only sit by a side helplessly and resentfully.

"I'm called Ye Qingyu… can we be friends?" Ye Qingyu extended his hand.

After the two probing questions, Ye Qingyu realized that Song Xiaojun had already forgotten everything. And Wang Jianru seemed not to have told her or reminded her of anything, and did not even mention at all the matters of Song Xiaojun at White Deer Academy. Perhaps this was out of consideration for Song Xiaojun's safety. Since she had already changed her identity, why not let her forget everything.

The Song Xiaojun wearing a golden mask finally stared seriously at Ye Qingyu, her pure and perfect eyes without the slightest of emotions. She looked at the hand extended by Ye Qingyu, then shook her head, "We cannot."

Everyone began laughing uproariously again in the little restaurant.

There were even people whistling, and someone was banging on tables, mocking without mercy that this white-clothed youth had once again failed in his attempt to pick up a girl.

The ponytailed little loli also made faces in a huff, with a provocative expression saying, “You deserve it.”

Ye Qingyu was still about to say something, but he suddenly saw that in the eyes under the mask of Song Xiaojun, there was already a faint shred of impatience concealed within. He abruptly realized that their exchange was about to end.

After all, this newly born Song Xiaojun was no longer the little loli who liked to stick close to him. She was a top level expert with a strength enough to injure Lu Zhaoge. She possesses an icy personality, on that day, she did not even care about the questions of an expert like Lu Zhaoge. Today answering three of his questions was already something unprecedented and was her limit.

If he continued to struggle on like this, he would only leave a bad impression behind. To come into contact with her in the future would only become more difficult.

"Fine, I won't bother you any longer." Ye Qingyu had a disappointed smile, turning to leave. After walking several steps, he turned back, adding another sentence, "These days the Pass is somewhat chaotic. You two must be more careful and don't go running everywhere."

Saying this, he returned to his original seat.

What he received was the merciless mocking laughter of the group of men that he was drinking with. After all, they had also failed to strike up a conversation, so they would therefore not give mercy to the white-clothed youth who was similarly defeated. There was someone that fiercely punched Ye Qingyu on the shoulder, throwing over a large jar filled with strong alcohol… "You bunch of people…" Ye Qingyu smiled bitterly at them, shaking his head before slapping the table, shouting, "Come, let us drink! Who dares to compete with me?"

Instantly there were several men who stood up, not wanting to show any weakness.

The entire liquor place began to become rowdy.

The female owner with a bucket-like figure was so happy that her lips could not be loosened.

The business today was completely explosive. Just alcohol money alone was enough to compare with tens of days of profit. It was all thanks to this white-clothed youth that seemed neat and orderly. One originally thought he was someone inexperienced, who would have guessed that his capacity for alcohol was stunning. And, he did not distance himself at all, being familiar with everyone while drinking like an ox… "If this handsome white-clothed youth could come every day, that would be great.”

The female proprietor stood there, wishfully thinking, while the waiter constantly carried alcohol to them.

Without knowing when, Song Xiaojun and the ponytailed girl had already turned and left.

Ye Qingyu did not follow.

He and the group of men showed off their tolerances, drinking till the skies were dim.

Two hours later, when Ye Qingyu left this establishment known as the [Common Liquor House] carrying an earthen jar the thickness of his chest, behind him there were already seven or eight burly men that lay on the floor completely drunk. There was someone who had vomited on a table, with a strange smell wafting through the air…

The waiter did not find this strange at all and was currently happily tidying the mess beside.

"Handsome brother, come often… I'll give you twenty percent off!” Behind the tables, the female proprietor was also similarly happy. She was currently busy biting a tael of silver to verify its authenticity, this was the alcohol money Ye Qingyu had left behind. He had said that he would devour and eat as he pleased, to enjoy this fortunate feeling. When he finished the alcohol, naturally it was him that had paid. The entire bill of the establishment, this tael of silver was enough to pay for it all.

For the Marquis Ye that was of a noble status with wealth, he naturally did not mind this kind of money.

Because of his profound martial cultivation, he had a powerful body, such that even after gulping down tens of jars of strong alcohol into his stomach, Ye Qingyu still remained clear headed. He was not drunk in the slightest, but he had the odour of alcohol all around him. He hugged the jar of wine, a satisfied smile on his face, heading towards the direction of White Horse tower… it was time to go back.

Her could occasionally do as he pleased but bitterly training his yuan qi cultivation was still the most important part of his life.

It was very unexpected that Song Xiaojun still remained in the Pass.

Ye Qingyu originally imagined that she had left along with Yan Buhui and the others, but who would have imagined that she had remained behind.

Perhaps the most dangerous place was the safest?

The guts of this little loli were really ridiculously large. It was false if Ye Qingyu said he was not worried for her safety at all. But, Ye Qingyu knew very clearly that his worry would not change anything. On that day, when the Unmoving City of Darkness descended, Song Xiaojun and Yan Buhui had come and gone as they pleased from the heavily defended Youyan Pass. This meant that she had methods to keep herself hidden…

But, just why did the little loli remain within the city for?

Ye Qingyu could not understand.

However, seeing her today and speaking three phrases to her had already caused him to feel extremely satisfied.

Since Xiaojun was within the city, perhaps they would have a chance to meet again.

If he intentionally chased after their whereabouts, or continued to bother them, perhaps this would achieve the opposite effect.

Before the night fell, Ye Qingyu returned to the White Horse tower.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

