Chapter 925:


Chapter 942 – He Is Ye Qingyu


"Woof. Little worms, come quietly into my stomach."

That huge beast's voice sounded a little risqué and suggestive. It opened its huge mouth to reveal its sharp fangs, which were like white and tall bone columns. It simply sucked in a breath of air and an unbelievably terrifying suction power welled up, causing visible air currents to swirl like whirlpools in the Void, and each whirlpool was like a mini black pool. Dozens of Heaven Desire Demon Sect disciples were caught in these air currents as they tried their best to flee, then they were swept into its stomach against their will, finally disappearing without a trace…

"Woof… this taste… isn't that great."

The white mythical beast smacked its lips, then continued sprinting in the Void as it swallowed the fleeing disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

In a few moments, thousands of fleeing experts on the outer fringes of the Hundred Flowers Valley had been eaten by this huge beast.

On the ground—

"Hmm? I think I know what's going on now… Hey, don't you think that this huge beast looks a lot like… a dog?" Hu Bugui said as he looked at that huge white beast, his eyes gleaming brightly.

"How could it be? A dog? Hmm… it does indeed sound like one, but…" Nan Tieyi had yet to make the connection.

"I have a feeling… that this voice sounds vaguely familiar and its appearance… I feel like I've seen it somewhere before. Don't you feel the same way?" Hu Bugui carefully observed the huge beast running around in the Void and felt as though an image was floating to the surface of his mind.

"I've never seen it before…" Nan Tieyi continued to shake his head, but inexplicably, a hint of hesitation appeared in his eyes.

"No… Why don't you think again, think carefully… Hahaha. A dog, it is a dog!" Hu Bugui's eyes lit up and he laughed heartily.

"I don't know any… dog…" Nan Tieyi froze as he made the sudden connection between this violent, domineering dog and the irreverent Little Nine.

That gluttonous behavior, its white fur, and wagging tail seemed very similar to the silly dog in his memory… Could it be…

Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin were confused when they caught the change in both men's expressions but did not probe any further.

At the same time, in the Void—

That mysterious silhouette gradually started to solidify.

The mysterious expert's features were now discernible.

He was a young man with brows that were as sharp as swords and eyes that shone as brightly as stars. His features were masculine and handsome and he stood tall and upright in the Void with his hair flowing freely in the wind. A divine splendor swirled around his strands of hair and his white robes fluttered loudly in the breeze. He exuded a faint yellow Immortal qi and his aura was extremely sharp, as though he was a divine dragon from the Ninth Heavens standing tall.

On the ground, Hu Bugui, Nan Tieyi, and Shen Menghua exclaimed happily in unison.

"I can't believe it's you!"

"Little Ye Qingyu!"

"Master Ye Qingyu!"

Those three people were extremely astonished as recognition dawned.

It was Ye Qingyu, who had rushed over at the first instance from Flowing Light City.

In fact, there was also someone else present who recognized him, and that was junior sister Liu Ruxin. However, these three people were the most astonished. Never in their wildest dreams did they even think that this person could be Ye Qingyu. Even when Hu Bugui had an inkling that this white mythical beast could be the silly dog Little Nine, he had not expected that this invincible expert who fought like a god could be Ye Qingyu.

They all knew that Ye Qingyu was powerful, but no one expected him to be this powerful.

Everyone was overjoyed.

Ye Qingyu's gaze swept across the crowd in the Void and saw that, despite the numerous injuries that these people had sustained, he was relieved when he realized none of them had injured their foundations.

He smiled faintly, then appeared on the ground in the next instant with a flash of silver.

Hu Bugui retracted the defensive shield and took back his tile. Then, together with Nan Tieyi, they led the rest of the group to greet Ye Qingyu.

"We're grateful for your assistance today. Thanks to you, the Hundred Spirits Sect has been saved from destruction. Please accept our bow as a gesture of our gratitude to our benefactor." An expression of joy spread across the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect's fatigued features and she led the rest of the disciples to kneel and bow at his feet.

Master Cheng looked like she was about forty or fifty years of age and her almond-shaped eyes were clear and bright. Her shiny and voluminous hair was accessorized by a white jade hairpin, and two tendrils of her hair had escaped their confines, floating gracefully in the wind. Her hair was disheveled but she did not look like a mess at all. Her sapphire-blue brocade imperial robes were embroidered with silver peony patterns. It made her look elegant and dignified and further enhanced the slender curves of her body. It was as though time had not eroded her beautiful looks but instead made her even more becoming.

Legend has it that when she was younger, she was considered the most beautiful woman amongst the disciples in the Hundred Spirits Sect. Many heroes and outstanding talents fell in love with her and so many people tried to win her hand in marriage that they almost flattened the main gate of the sect. However, she solely focused all her efforts on her sect's affairs and did not care for the emotional attachments between a man and a woman. She had been the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect for more than a hundred years and she was known for being aloof and upright, which made her well-respected within the Clear River Domain.

She did not know who Ye Qingyu was, but despite his youthful looks, she knew that there were many senior experts who were a few thousand years old but still maintained their youthful looks. So she did not dare to be rude and immediately gave him a greeting befitting of someone who was her senior.

"Master, there is no need for such an elaborate greeting since I'm merely a young-generation martial artist of the Human Race. I was acquainted with the Hundred Spirits Sect during the Greater One's Sect Storm Sword Gathering. I happened to be in Flowing Light City today and immediately rushed here when I heard the news that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect had brought a large number of troops to attack the Hundred Spirits Sect. Unfortunately, I was still too late to prevent the loss of your disciples and the destruction of your main gate. I'm sorry for your losses." Ye Qingyu spoke with a guilt-ridden expression. Then, he lifted his phantom hand and an invisible force moved like a gentle breeze to help everyone to their feet.

"Uh…" Master Cheng sensed something and her eyes suddenly brightened.

The disciples who stood behind her all looked amazed.

In that instant, they realized that this force that moved like a gentle breeze had gently and gradually entered their limbs and bones. As this faint warm sensation spread across their bodies, their internal injuries healed and they no longer felt any pain or discomfort. They had returned to their earlier agile and graceful selves.

Master Cheng immediately understood that this young expert had been the one who had healed their injuries, but since he did not boast publicly about his actions, she simply nodded at him gratefully.

She was both surprised and pleased to hear that this young man had a previous affinity with the Hundred Spirits Sect.

"Master, this young master was our benefactor at the Greater One Mountains previously—Ye Qingyu." Liu Ruxin walked over and whispered into her master's ear. For some reason, a faint blush stained her cheeks as she spoke.

After two or three years, Liu Ruxin, who had been a beautiful girl back then, had now transformed into a gorgeous and charming woman. Every smile, glance, and gesture from her was exceedingly charming. Her eyes shone brightly like the morning sun and her light-purple imperial robes were cinched at the waist, enhancing her slender figure and perfect proportions. The white skin that peeked out from her was smoother and fairer than suet-white jade. Her black hair fell like a waterfall down her back and was accessorized with several pink jade cherry blossoms that sparkled. Furthermore, her innate Green Jade Constitution meant that the aura she exuded was exceptionally fresh and pure.

What?

So this was their benefactor.

Master Cheng was slightly shocked.

Naturally, she had heard of Ye Qingyu.

He had created a stir along the entire Road of Chaos and had gained considerable fame.

What he managed to accomplish as a representative of a small domain was the stuff of legends. He had taken on the entire Black Moon Immortal Palace single-handedly and managed to survive against all odds. When it looked as though he would definitely die, he then single-handedly killed countless experts from the Black Moon Immortal Palace and also countless nefarious characters, which was a miraculous feat. Then, he led the Heaven Wasteland envoy mission to overcome their difficulties and ultimately pass their domain grading. He was considered an outstanding talent amongst the younger generation of experts and he managed to win the support and admiration of many domains and large forces. His achievements had spread far and wide and over at the Clear River Domain. She had also come to hear of his various feats.

Frankly speaking, she had been extremely envious of the Heaven Wasteland Domain when she heard the news.

If only such a formidable hero could appear in the Clear River Domain, then they would not find themselves in such a chaotic situation right now. Everyone knew that the reason why the Heaven Wasteland Domain was so unified and peaceful was that Ye Qingyu had powerfully quashed all opposition. He held the fort internally within the Heaven Wasteland Domain and single-handedly bore the brunt of the pressure from the foreign domains. He was just one man with a sword, but he had the ability to suppress all unrest.

She did not expect for Ye Qingyu, who she had admired and whose name created such a stir along the Road of Chaos, to be the exact same person who had rescued the disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect on many occasions during the Storm Sword Meeting. Once again, he had appeared at the critical moment when their sect had been on the brink of collapse to turn the situation around…

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect felt even more grateful toward Ye Qingyu.

Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin both stepped forward in unison and bowed gracefully. "Master Ye Qingyu, it's been a while. We'd like to express our gratitude for your timely rescue today."

Shen Menghua was still a little pale but this did not affect her gorgeous appearance. She was clad in light-green silk robes today, which enhanced her beautiful and graceful figure. Her skirts gently fluttered as a cool and gentle breeze blew that added a layer of elegance to her appearance.

To the rest of the disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect, Ye Qingyu was a legendary figure who had once rescued their fellow sisters, but to Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin, the significance was entirely different. This was the second time he had come to their rescue, which meant that he had given them a second chance to live. This meant that their lives no longer belonged to themselves and they were willing to lay down their lives for Ye Qingyu anytime he needed their help.

These were their unspoken thoughts.

Ye Qingyu was naturally unaware of what they were thinking.

He nodded and said with a smile, "Miss Shen Menghua, Miss Liu Ruxin, it indeed has been a while."

"Hahaha, alright. All of you have spoken to him for far too long, it should be my turn now!" Hu Bugui interrupted them brashly and immediately walked over to punch Ye Qingyu in a friendly manner. He said loudly, "It has been four years, Little Ye Qingyu. We finally meet again! Hahaha, we've heard much of your miraculous feats along the Road of Chaos. Young punk, your achievements have really got me salivating in envy. Quick, fill me in on what has happened over the past few years. Did you come across an unparalleled opportunity that suddenly made you so terrifyingly powerful?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 926:


Chapter 943 – Full of Doubts


Ye Qingyu was already used to Hu Bugui's casual way of greeting.

Ye Qingyu was naturally overcome with different emotions when he saw his old friend who had fought alongside him. He saw Hu Bugui's unshaven beard and noticed that several parts of his patched-up robes were slashed with faint traces of bloodstains on it. Nonetheless, Hu Bugui's yuan qi was still abundant and he was in high spirits as though he hadn't sustained any injuries at all. Ye Qingyu couldn't hold back a laugh at that sight and said, "Brother Hu Bugui, don't be too jealous. I just happened to be lucky. You might not know this but there were a couple of times where I almost died. If it were you, I'm sure you would have gained more from it after several near-death experiences."

Before he arrived at Hundred Flowers Valley, he could already sense that Hu Bugui's and Nan Tieyi's strength had increased greatly over the past two to three years. With the resources they had and their good fortune, he was sure that they would definitely become top experts sometime in the future.

"That sounds dangerous and exciting. Ha ha ha, it's been such a long while, so we must definitely find a place to drink and share our stories tonight."

Ye Qingyu was already used to his manner of speech so he nodded in assent, then turned to Nan Tieyi, "Brother Nan Tieyi."

Nan Tieyi did not look a disheveled as Hu Bugui but his complexion was still rather pale. The wounds on his body had already healed so only the sword slash marks on his brocade robe could be seen.

He nodded with a smile.

Nan Tieyi couldn’t rein in his excitement at the sight of his old friend, Ye Qingyu. At the same time, he became slightly emotional.

He could already tell how powerful Ye Qingyu had become when he watched him battle against the master of Heaven Desire Demon Sect. This was not something that either himself or Hu Bugui could hold themselves up against. He still remembered that when they first met this youth from Heaven Wasteland Domain, Ye Qingyu had only been a young boy from an unknown domain. In a matter of two to three years, he was now the formidable newly promoted expert on the Road of Chaos. Their destinies had diverged drastically.

He truly felt happy when he saw how prominent Ye Qingyu's rise had been throughout the myriad domains.

"Oh right, Brother Ye Qingyu, why did you suddenly rush over to Hundred Spirits Sect?" Nan Tieyi asked as he recalled something.

They had been unable to request aid from others because of how sudden the attack on the Hundred Spirits Sect had been and how quickly Heaven Desire Demon Sect had besieged the surrounding hundred-kilometers around the Hundred Flowers Valley.

"After I arrived at Clear River Domain, I went to Flowing Light City. I heard about the Heaven Desire Demon Sect's attack from a storyteller at the South Facing Inn and immediately rushed over." Ye Qingyu replied.

"You've already been to Flowing Light City? Sigh… this must mean that you've probably heard about what happened… Cheng Zhengliang and the rest… it is such a pity." Nan Tieyi sighed softly, his eyes sorrowful at the thought of the deaths of Cheng Zhengliang and the others. "It was too late by the time the Immortal God Emperor Sect received news of this. We missed the golden opportunity to help them and while we were on our way, we were ambushed by the Greater One Sect, losing many heroic men as a result."

Ye Qingyu was stunned by Nan Tieyi's words.

He sighed, then nodded, "You're right. I went to the South Facing Inn after entering the city and gained a brief understanding of the overall situation. Cheng Zhengliang, Leng Xiaoran, and the others died tragically… I also heard about how Brother Hu Bugui rescued Madam Leng. I initially wanted to exact vengeance on behalf of Cheng Zhenglinang and the rest but when I heard about the situation at Hundred Spirits Sect, I didn't dare to dally and rushed over at the first instance."

The atmosphere turned a little grave.

"Pfft! These bastards of the Greater One Sect are extremely cruel and violent. They killed the innocent everywhere they went in order to quash the opposition. They are goddamn inhumane!" Hu Bugui couldn't hold back his curses, ignoring the fact that those around him were all women.

However, the disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect were all martial artists and after barely escaping from the jaws of death, countless had been killed or injured. Their state of mind was no longer like an average lady and the hatred they bore toward Heaven Desire Demon Sect was no less than Hu Bugui. They were only not able to curse and swear to their heart's content due to their upbringing under sect rules.

The group of women secretly agreed with Hu Bugui's words and their hatred was clearly reflected on their faces. They didn't judge him for his crass words earlier.

"It was only a matter of two to three years, so how could Clear River Domain change so drastically? How did the Greater One Sect manage to rise from the ashes to become this powerful?" Ye Qingyu looked at Nan Tieyi in confusion.

Amongst the group, the Immortal God Emperor Sect once held the greatest power and their information channels ran throughout Clear River Domain. Thus, Nan Tieyi would know best if there were any news.

Unfortunately, Nan Tieyi shook his head a little helplessly as he said, "The world is unpredictable. After the fierce battle previously, the Greater One Sect took a serious hit and it was true that they were not able to recover from the setback. Up until more than a year ago, there were only a few bedraggled soldiers to guard and seal the mountain. Their sect master, Greater One Immortal and several masters of the remaining peaks were rumored to have already left Clear River Domain. It could be said that the Greater One Sect was nothing but an empty shell and no longer wielded any influence or authority in Clear River Domain. Therefore, the Immortal God Emperor Sect didn't annihilate them since we were both Human Race sects. We stopped attacking them but instead placed all our efforts on re-establishing an alliance with the major Human Race sects throughout Clear River Domain to oppress the foreign races and stopped paying them much attention. However, a few months ago, there was a strange turn of events and the Greater One Sect suddenly grew more powerful. With a surge of unbelievable strength, they led their disciples and armies to launch surprise attacks on various sects. Several branches of the Immortal God Emperor Sect were also caught unawares and suffered great losses. One misstep brought about this calamity. Now we are forced to go on extreme reactive mode and it would be extremely difficult for us to have the upper hand again."

"That's right. Hundreds and thousands of Human Race sects have been attacked by the Greater One Sect during this period and they have all been completely destroyed with almost no survivors. The power of the Human Race across Clear River Domain has been greatly depleted." Master Cheng said with her brows tightly knotted and a flash of worry in her eyes. "The Greater One Sect is an embarrassment to the Human Race. It is completely understandable if they wanted to reclaim the power and status they enjoyed once before but why did they attack their fellow Humans instead of killing those cruel foreign races? Peace had only lasted for less than four years at Clear River Domain before war broke out again. The peace and stability that the Immortal God Emperor Sect had put so much effort to achieve has now been destroyed by the Greater One Immortal and his wretched ambitious cronies."

She was so angry that her whole body trembled in rage by the time she finished speaking.

"Damn it, I thought that the Greater One Sect was like an old eagle with its wings broken. There was no way they would be able to become such a threat based on their previous strength. Who would have expected that… I think that old man Greater One Fool must have formed an alliance with a major force from a foreign domain. They must have garnered the support of a foreign force in order to stage such a powerful comeback," Hu Bugui said angrily.

Nan Tieyi's expression was grave and he nodded, then added, "Yes, I support Brother Hu Bugui's theory. This should be the reason why. According to the news I've gathered earlier, the Greater One Sect seems to have obtained the support of a super force from a foreign higher domain. This was how they managed to become so powerful in such a short period of time. Furthermore, they received the support of the armies and many super warships. Their motive is to crush everyone who opposes them and become the true ruler of Clear River Domain. I don't know what price they paid in order to obtain the support of this foreign force but it would definitely mean nothing good to the Human Race of Clear River Domain."

"I think the Greater One Sect is ultimately still a pawn. The force hiding behind them is the one with true designs on Clear River Domain!" Master Cheng's beautiful eyes flashed with hatred. The Heaven Desire Demon Sect might have been the one to attack today, causing such devastating losses, but even a fool could tell that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect had the support of the Greater One Sect.

Ye Qingyu looked contemplative after he heard everyone speak. He thought for a moment and said, "Brother Nan Tieyi, your information channels have always been quick and reliable. Could you secretly investigate who is the force behind the Greater One Sect?"

If they could dig to the root of the problem and find out what the background of the forces supporting the Greater One Sect is, based on his current status as the third deputy spokesperson of the Human Race, Ye Qingyu shouldn't have much of a problem handling this.

Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui and the others from Hundred Spirits Sect all shook their heads.

"The force behind the Greater One Sect is extremely mysterious. I'm afraid no one throughout the Clear River Domain knows their origin and true identity," Nan Tieyi said honestly and told them everything he knew. "We've only formed a vague understanding of them. They are indeed very mysterious and we have yet to see them unleash all of their true power. They might secretly have something up their sleeves. As for the soldiers of their army, their martial way is of a kind that we've never seen before. We can't identify it at all."

"I've exchanged blows with these soldiers and found that the armies of this force were a few thousand times stronger than the Demon Spider Army. If not for my precious treasure, I wouldn't be standing here in front of you, Little Ye Qingyu," Hu Bugui said with a shudder.

Hu Bugui was obviously referring to that half a piece of tile and Ye Qingyu had also seen this tile before. It was very peculiar and contained a wisp of Emperor qi. This should have been a remnant piece left behind after some Emperor weapon had been destroyed. He didn't know how Hu Bugui came across this tile but the fact that this broken tile had managed to save Hu Bugui time and time again from the jaws of death showed how incredibly powerful this tile was.

As they spoke, a series of barks rang out from the Void. Then, a round and white figure appeared in front of them.

"Woof… Master, there are far too few of these people to satiate me!" The white figure shrank to return to the mini-sized silly dog Little Nine. Its belly was now round and protruding and it smacked its lips, then jumped up to sit onto Ye Qingyu's shoulder. Its eyes were narrowed and a satisfied expression spread across its face.

"Ha ha ha… It's been a few years but why are you still so gluttonous, you little white dog?" Hu Bugui burst out laughing as he pointed at the silly dog.

"Well, if it isn't the chief bandit. I can't believe you're still alive," Little Nine said rudely.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 927:


Chapter 944 – Strangely Familiar


Hu Bugui was left speechless.

At those words, no one was able to hold back their laughter.

All the disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect stared at the lazy and round silly dog with a mixture of curiosity and interest. They did not seem afraid of its earlier man-eating gigantic-beast form since it looked chubby and cute in its current form. Instead, these girls were all very attracted to it.

The atmosphere lightened up with the appearance of Little Nine.

"Oh yes, I forgot to ask earlier, Brother Ye Qingyu, shouldn't you be in the Heaven Wasteland Domain now overseeing their affairs? There are so many things to take care of over in the Heaven Wasteland Empire so this is when they will need you the most. Why did you suddenly make an appearance in the Clear River Domain?" Nan Tieyi asked with a smile.

According to the information they had gathered, the Heaven Wasteland Domain had officially passed the domain grading, which meant that they would have many affairs to tend to. This should be the busiest time for Ye Qingyu, so Nan Tieyi could not figure out why he would be in the Clear River Domain.

At this point in time, the news that Ye Qingyu had been promoted to become the third deputy spokesperson of the Human Race had yet to spread throughout the Vast Thousand Domains. This was particularly true for a small domain like the Clear River Domain. Furthermore, it had been so chaotic over in the Clear River Domain during this period and the Immortal God Emperor Sect was too busy fending for itself, thus the flow of information had stopped. Therefore, Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui, and the rest were still unaware of his promotion and that the situation in the Heaven Wasteland Domain had stabilized.

Nan Tieyi felt more confident that they would be able to turn the tide now that Ye Qingyu had appeared and displayed such heaven-defying prowess when he effortlessly crushed the Heaven Desire Demon Sect with his own strength.

Ye Qingyu's expression turned grave when he heard Nan Tieyi's question. He then recounted in detail how he was seized by a sudden impulse while cultivating and caught a wisp of consciousness wave, which from within he saw visions of destructive scenes. "I assumed that this was a distress signal sent out by the Immortal God Emperor Sect. Wasn't it sent by you?"

Nan Tieyi was taken aback and said, "Was there really such an incident? From the way you described the situation, it does indeed match the description of the headquarters in the Wei River Mountain Range… But based on what I know, despite the fact that the Immortal God Emperor Sect has been besieged on all sides by the Greater One Sect, war has not actually broken out yet. The Greater One Sect seems to be slowly gathering their power. I also know that the sect has not sent out any distress signals. This is truly bizarre."

Ye Qingyu was slightly stunned.

If Nan Tieyi's words were true, then this was truly very peculiar, almost a little unbelievable.

He thought for a moment, then asked, "Could it be that the other disciples in the Immortal God Emperor Sect sent out this distress signal and the news has yet to reach you?"

"No, that can't be." Nan Tieyi shook his head decisively. "I've put the men that I trust the most in charge of contacting you. No one else is aware of this fact, and no one would be in the position nor have the means to contact you."

In that case…

Ye Qingyu was shocked and felt that there was something very odd and inexplicable about this.

Since the Immortal God Emperor Sect had not sent out a distress signal, then where did that consciousness ripple come from?

Who could have led him to the Clear River Domain?

What could that person's motive be?

"Who cares who did it? Fortunately, whoever it was led you to this place or we would have become vessels for those evil creatures!" Hu Bugui interrupted.

Little Nine switched to a more comfortable position and wagged its furry tail. It scoffed and said, "Woof. I heard that the vessels that these Heaven Desire Demon Sect disciples use for their cultivation are usually beautiful women. Who would be interested in a smelly, rugged man who doesn't bathe all year round like yourself…"

"Hahahaha…"

No one could contain their laughter.

This was how Little Nine took "revenge" for Hu Bugui's earlier dig at his gluttonous behavior.

After the man and dog exchanged a few more retorts, the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect stepped forward and curtsied. Then she said, "Everyone has sustained serious injuries from this battle at the Hundred Spirits Sect today. Shall we head back to the hall to sit down and chat as a gesture of our gratitude?"

Ye Qingyu agreed to her suggestion with a small nod of his head.

He had another motive for coming to the Hundred Spirits Sect—The previous time when he was at the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace, he saw that mysterious woman who looked exactly like his mother from his memory. Unfortunately, that person had turned into ashes in an instant and all that was left of her was a silk handkerchief. He then came to know from Shen Mengyue that the pattern on the silk handkerchief was known as the symbol of the Hundred Spirits Sect—the Sorrow Departure Pattern. Ye Qingyu felt that there were secrets that he had yet to uncover, and because he found himself at the Hundred Spirits Sect at this time, he would take this opportunity to investigate in detail.

After all, this had something to do with his birth secret.

"Sure, we have indeed overexerted ourselves during the battle today." Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui both nodded in assent.

The disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect led them through Hundred Flowers Valley toward the main hall.

The Hundred Flowers Valley was located in the Liyun Mountain Range and it sprawled across a thousand kilometers. It was divided into four peaks and twelve ridges. There were countless exotic flowers and herbs in the valley. The trees were evergreen and the flowers never withered. It also had a unique temperate and humid climate, where dense fog swirled around the mountains and the rivers flowed gently, which made it seem even more ethereal and divine. It was thus known as a wonder of the Clear River Domain.

A large portion of the outer fringes of Hundred Flowers Valley was destroyed after just one day of fighting, and the mountains within a hundred-kilometer radius had almost all collapsed as though someone had plowed through them. Only the mountains and the main palace in the Hundred Spirits Sect, the Hundred Flowers Palace, remained relatively untouched, protected by the final layer of the defensive mountain formation.

Ye Qingyu trailed behind Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin and arrived at the palace.

The Hundred Flowers Palace did not have the typical majestic aura of a main sect palace. From afar, it looked like a circular floral stamen and its columns and roof were made from a unique glaze that would reflect various colors as the sun rose and set. It was both colorful and dazzling. There were gorgeous, life-like carvings of fresh flowers on the railings, and if one carefully took in the surroundings, it was as though there would be a faint floral scent wafting through the walls that made it seem exceptionally exquisite and beautiful. It was a very unique building.

It was a pity that under the repeated attacks of the black mist from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, almost all of the defensive formations in the Hundred Flowers Palace had been destroyed, which resulted in slight damages near the main hall. It was no longer as beautiful as it used to be.

Ye Qingyu careful observed his surroundings as he walked toward the palace.

For some reason, this place felt strangely familiar to him, as though he had been here before, but at the same time, he could have seen a similar building elsewhere.

As they spoke amongst themselves, they entered the main hall of the palace.

"I have some medicinal pills that will be able to treat your injuries quickly." Once everyone was seated, Ye Qingyu took out some pills that gave off an exotic scent and were as shiny as jade. He then handed these pills to Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui, Shen Menghua, and the others.

These were the spiritual pills he personally refined from the divine herbs he picked from the 18th zone of the Black Demon Abyss while he was cultivating the one hundred eight ancient characters. These pills were very effective in suppressing the injuries caused by the demonic arts cultivated by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

The moment they took the pills, they immediately felt their internal injuries disappear and a cool and refreshing sensation spread across their bodies, as though a clear stream was cleansing their bodies of all impurities. These pills seemed to have many magical effects and no one could help exclaiming in joy.

Master Cheng was astonished.

As an accomplished medicinal-pill refiner, she was very knowledgeable about all kinds of herbs and flowers. So while she basked in that exotic fragrance and the comfortable sensation that was spreading through her body, she knew that this was an extraordinary medicinal pill.

Then, Master Cheng arranged for Nan Tieyi and the others, as well as the injured disciples, to return to their lodgings at the side hall to recuperate. Ye Qingyu leisurely strolled around the Hundred Flowers Palace with Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin by his side.

The multitude of flowers had mostly withered after being attacked by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect's black mist, but there were a few flowers near the main hall that remained unscathed and were blooming beautifully.

Their fragrant floral scent wafted through the air, pleasant and delightful.

Ye Qingyu walked behind those two beautiful women and carefully observed the geographical landscape of the entire valley as he idly chatted with them.

In fact, when he first entered Hundred Flowers Valley, he already sensed that there was an ancient spiritual leyline at the bottom of this valley. This was the reason why the climate was temperate and humid with a multitude of flowers blooming throughout the year.

Most importantly, Ye Qingyu's sense of familiarity grew the more he observed this place. He truly felt as though he knew this place and vaguely sensed that he saw these scenes before. However, this was definitely his first time here at Hundred Flowers Valley.

He decided to keep his suspicions to himself for the time being.

Approximately six hours later—

The sun set in the west.

Ye Qingyu returned to the main hall.

Master Cheng's complexion looked better. She changed into her vermillion, satin, formal long skirts and that was accessorized with a golden hairpin in her hair, which added a layer of elegance and charm befitting of a middle-aged woman.

Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin led several fellow disciples, who were dressed in light-green formal robes, to serve tea to Ye Qingyu and the others. Then, they took their places beside Master Cheng.

Hu Bugui had also changed into a brown outfit, which still had many mended patches all over it, but he looked clean, tidy, and in much better spirits.

Nan Tieyi had also freshened up. He took a small sip of the floral green tea, then said, "I just established contact with the elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect and they said that the Greater One Sect has yet to make a move, so everything has been going smoothly over at their end. They are currently not in danger."

Ye Qingyu felt slightly more reassured by those words.

This meant that the scenes he saw from the consciousness ripple were only visions and were not actual events. He could rest assured for the time being.

Nan Tieyi put his teacup down, then turned toward Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui as he said, "I also have received unexpected good news that Liu Shaji is with our sect."

"Brother Liu Shaji has gone to the Immortal God Emperor Sect?" Hu Bugui asked in surprise.

Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui had worried about his safety over the past few months and made attempts to contact him. However, since they had bid each other farewell at Flowing Light City, with the exception of a few rare appearances, Liu Shaji seemed to have vanished without a trace. There was no word from him and even the Immortal God Emperor Sect's vast information channels were not able to track him down.

No one expected this guy to show up on his own accord.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 928:


Chapter 945 – Calling Mother


Nan Tieyi nodded with a smile. Liu Shaji, Ye Qingyu, and Hu Bugui were all brothers who fought alongside him and who shared the same ideals. He felt relieved knowing that all of them were safe and sound.

A rare smile broke across Ye Qingyu’s face when he heard news about Liu Shaji.

Nan Tieyi did not elaborate but it was clear from his words that he wasn't too concerned about the Greater One Sect's suppression and besiegement of his sect. Rather, he seemed confident and sure of himself.

Ye Qingyu had an inkling that perhaps the Immortal God Emperor Sect had a source of support.

After all, they used to be an empire of a big domain and had rich resources. Additionally, they were located at the Wei River Mountain Range which was itself a cradle of racial civilization. It was rich in spiritual qi and was known as a blessed paradise. The defensive formation protecting the place would not be easily broken by the Greater One Sect so although the situation was not ideal, they still had enough tactics to keep themselves safe.

After another round of discussion, it was decided that they would spend another two days at the Hundred Spirits Sect to help them repair their sect gate since they no longer needed to rush toward Immortal God Emperor Sect.

Ye Qingyu was still concerned about Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, and the others but since Nan Tieyi had established contact with the sect and confirmed that all was well, there was no longer a need to rush over. Furthermore, he was more concerned about the clue about the mysterious woman at Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace who looked exactly like his mother that could be found here at Hundred Spirits Sect.

He desperately wanted to find out who exactly was that woman.

Why did she look exactly like his mother and what was the link between them?

This was a giant puzzle that he always wanted to solve.

The next day.

Ye Qingyu personally paid a visit to the master of Hundred Spirits Sect and asked the question that had been troubling him.

"Sorrow Departure Pattern?" Master Cheng was a little taken aback. Then she said, "This pattern was designed by the founder of our sect and it isn't some profound formation. However, it had a special meaning to our founder so we adopted it as one of our symbols. Have you taken an interest in this pattern? In fact, this Sorrow Departure Pattern has another name. It is also known as a Yearning Pattern."

"What? Yearning Pattern?" Ye Qingyu's heart skipped a beat at those words.

He recalled that there was a poem on that silk handkerchief and the word 'yearning' was indeed the topic of the poem.

"The autumn air is clear, the autumn moon is bright. Fallen leaves gather and scatter, startling the jackdaws that perch on the trees. We hope to meet again but who knows when that will be. At this hour of the night, I find it hard to control my feelings. If you enter my gates of longing, you will understand the depths of my pain. Prolonged yearning results in lasting memories while short-term longing feels like there is no end in sight. If I had known how painful this yearning could be, I'd rather that we never met at all."

This was the poem embroidered on the silk handkerchief and it had astonished him greatly when he first saw it.

Especially when he read this ancient and classical poetry in an environment like the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace, he had been overcome with emotions then, to the point where he was puzzled by his own behavior. It was a pity that the ancient corpse who looked exactly like his mother instantly turned into ashes.

Since the Sorrow Departure Pattern symbol left behind by the founder of Hundred Spirits Sect was also known as the Yearning Pattern, this would then complement the poem that revolved around the topic of longing and yearning. It was impossible to say that there was no connection.

"Master Cheng, I would like to ask for a personal favor and I hope that you would agree to my request," Ye Qingyu finally said after some hesitation.

The master of Hundred Spirits Sect was taken aback, then replied, "Why don't you let me know your request? You're our benefactor and even rescued us more than once, so as long as it is within our power, we would definitely help you."

"Many thanks," Ye Qingyu rose to his feet and bowed. "I'd like to ask if there are any portraits of your founder and if there are, could I have a look at them?"

"Oh, so this is what you wanted to talk about," the master of Hundred Spirits was slightly disappointed.

She thought that Ye Qingyu wanted to talk about something else since she noticed today that the two most outstanding disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect – Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin seemed to have a crush on Ye Qingyu and clearly liked him very much. Since these two beautiful disciples had accompanied Ye Qingyu to walk around the entire Hundred Flowers Valley, she assumed that their crush was reciprocated and he had fallen for those two disciples. She guessed that he came to visit her in order to ask for their hands in marriage. Master Cheng would be more than happy to agree. It would pain her to see him take those two beautiful women away, but this was Ye Qingyu, the talented Human man who had caused such a stir along the Road of Chaos. Any other sect would be more than happy to establish ties with him by giving him women.

Unfortunately, Ye Qingyu seemed to be more interested in their sect founder, which caused Master Cheng to be a little dejected.

"Please follow me," she said as she led him out of the hall and through six hidden doors to arrive at a secret garden behind the main hall. The fragrant scent of flowers in the garden refreshed one's spirits and right in the middle of the garden was a life-sized statue carved from white jade. The carving was exquisitely done and this statue could be mistaken for a real person at first glance.

"This is a statue of our founder and she personally carved this status back then. It has now stood tall in this garden for three thousand years. May I ask why you're asking about her…" Master Cheng naturally turned to look at Ye Qingyu and she immediately froze on the spot.

Ye Qingyu who stood behind her looked like he was completely dazed. Soon, his eyes turned red and tears welled up in his eyes. She was extremely astonished to see him so overwhelmed with sorrow.

"Master Ye Qingyu? You…" Master Cheng couldn't help but ask.

However, Ye Qingyu could no longer hear her.

He even forgot that there was a person beside him.

The moment he saw this jade statue, he felt as though everything disappeared and that all he could see was this statue.

The reason was simple.

The statue of the Hundred Spirits Sect's founder looked exactly the same as that ancient female corpse that he saw disappear at Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace.

In other words, it looked exactly like his recollection of his mother.

At that moment, his childhood memories flooded his mind. These were memories he thought he had tucked away or had become blurry on many occasions but now they exploded wildly in his mind as though they had been unlocked by a mysterious force. He found that he was completely drowning in those beautiful memories and he was consumed by an unstoppable flood of emotions.

"Mum, I want to eat Grandpa Zhang' s candied haws…"

"Mum, the meatballs that you made were really delicious."

"Mum, I want to buy the warrior uniform worn by the disciples of White Deer Academy. Could you get me one of those? Please…"

"Mum, boohoo, Xiaoming and the others bullied me. They tore the new clothes that you made for me…"

"Mum, I'm going to become a powerful warrior to protect you and daddy."

"Mum, why are you crying? Are you angry because I've been naughty? Please stop crying, I promise I'll behave better in the future."

He was no longer the young boy who had once childishly whined to his mother but had become a martial artist who was so powerful that the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain trembled at his feet. Unfortunately, he was no longer able to protect his own parents. The moment he saw the bodies of his parents that evening when the setting sun had dyed the skies blood-red after the vicious beasts had attacked the city, he felt as though his entire world had collapsed. In the following years, other than that period in the beginning when he stood guard in front of his parent's tombs, he didn't let himself recall those memories. This was because each time he recalled those memories, he would find himself unable to extract himself from the pain and sorrow. There were many nights when Ye Qingyu chose to either cultivate or keep himself busy for fear of falling asleep. He was afraid that once he slept, those terrifying images would enter his dreams and when he woke up, his tears would stain his pillows once again…

No matter what happened later, whether it was Yu Junhan of the imperial family resolutely acknowledging Ye Qingyu as her son, or whether many pieces of evidence and clues pointed to the fact that there were secrets to his true identity, that things were not as simple as it seemed in his childhood memories, or whether the clues his parents left while they were alive hinted at something else, Ye Qingyu did not want to face the truth. His love for the parents in his memory ran too deep and he had yet to read the contents of the jade slip that Yu Junhan tasked the eldest princess to give him before she left Heaven Wasteland Domain.

This was not because he didn't have the time.

It was only a jade slip, how much time could he spend reading it?

He did not feel like reading it.

It was an instinctive reaction.

Ye Qingyu gradually started to give up on pursuing his true identity.

He was now powerful enough to protect Heaven Wasteland Domain and thus he hoped that everything would remain as it was and that he would be able to preserve those treasured memories from his childhood.

He tried his best to forget everything.

However, the moment he saw that statue, the emotions he kept close to his heart finally surged forth wildly as though a dam had broke and Ye Qingyu found that he was unable to control his own emotions. The statue in front of him looked exactly like his mother and it looked so real that it immediately touched on the frailest point of his emotions. When tears welled up in his eyes, Ye Qingyu felt as though time had suddenly turned back to bring him back to his carefree childhood, as though if he called for his mother, the statue in front of him would come back to life and smile at him affectionately…

"Mum…" Ye Qingyu finally called out to her in spite of himself.

And the tears finally flowed freely from his eyes.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

