Chapter 313:


Chapter 314 - The Other Shore

Everyone’s heart jumped up when they looked in the direction his finger pointed at. On the blood red ocean surface there seemed to be something floating over in the distance.

“Let’s go take a look,” Ximen Yeshui said curiously.

The boat rowed closer.

As they neared, everyone saw clearly that floating in the ocean was a half corpse of a person.

What remained was the lower half of his body. The blood red water had eroded the clothes and mottled copper armour was covering the important areas. But what shocked them the most was that this half of a body that was found soaking in the blood water had not corroded yet, and the skin and pores were clearly visible...

“Look at that foot...”

The armoured old man suddenly pointed to the right foot of the corpse.

Ye Qingyu looked down at his right foot that only has three toes. It seems that his toes were not chopped off, but he was born with three toes.

“Could it be Mo Lingfeng?” Qin Zhishui, inwardly shocked, could not help but speak out.

Mo Lingfeng?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

The armoured old man carefully examined the body before letting out a long sigh, “This little brother is right, it is indeed the remains of senior Mo Lingfeng... I saw Senior Mo Lingfeng enter the shrine gate before us. He possesses an earth-shattering cultivation level. A hundred years ago he was already an expert of the Bitter Sea stage. He has many accomplishments in his life, how... did he die here? What happened?”

“How do you know him so well?” Ye Qingyu asked in a surprised tone. “What if you’re mistaken?”

The armoured old man cast a glance at him. “I won’t be wrong. A while ago I had the privilege of meeting Senior Mo, Senior Mo was born with a deformed right foot.

“Isn’t there a rumor around that Senior Mo Lingfeng had entered the Bitter Sea stage a hundred years ago and may have reached the Heaven Ascension level by now?” Qin Zhishi was more talkative now.

“It’s not a rumour, he has indeed entered the Heaven Ascension state,” Ximen Yeshui said firmly. “Fifty years ago, the old man came to my master’s door and I met him. At that time, he was already at the level of ascending heaven. He has a profound cultivation, but is also a good person, unfortunately he died here... The Heaven Ascension state is known as a completely different state and level. It seems that only the people of the Ascending Heaven state can withstand the corrosive power of the blood red sea.”

Ye Qingyu could not help but cast a surprised glance at Ximen Yeshui.

This dark and reckless scholar’s master really had an extraordinary background.

“Even an Ascending Heaven state has died here...” The middle-aged swordsman’s face was coloured with despair.

Ye Qingyu stretched out the oar and took the half body out of the blood red water.

“What are you doing?” the middle-aged swordsman shouted.

Ye Qingyu looked at him, saying faintly, “Since he is my senior, I cannot let his body drift about and be humiliated. Of course I have to take his body back to bury.”

“Little brother is right, we were negligent.” The armoured old man’s eyes had a glimmer of appreciation when he looked at Ye Qingyu.

“Humph, who knows what is on his mind,” the middle-aged swordsman said coldly. “Maybe he is eyeing up the treasures on Mo Lingfeng. That piece of copper armour that did not corrode even in the blood red water must be a valuable treasure...”

“Shut up. Do you think everyone is as despicable as you?” Ximen Yeshui stood up all of a sudden. “I dare you to say another word.”

The middle-aged swordsman immediately and resentfully shut up.

Ye Qingyu paid no attention to him. He fished up the half of the corpse and after a little cleaning, stored it in the interdimensional pouch with the other corpses.

“Since the body of Senior Mo appeared here, it shows that we are heading in the right direction. There is no mistake, the people that entered the shrine gate before us must have also gone straight ahead on a boat, just that an accident happened...” Ye Qingyu stated.

“That’s right.” The armoured old man nodded. “Now that we have come here, we should accept it. There is no way out. No matter what happened in front, we have to take a look.”

The group of people had a short discussion before continuing on.

It was just that everybody’s heart was getting heavy.

A day and a night had already passed.

Fortunately, all the people here were of a profound level of cultivation, possessed extraordinary strength, and did not feel tired. The boat sped along without stopping for any rest.

At this time, Ximen Yeshui, who has been standing at the bow looking around, suddenly exclaimed.

“Ah, in front... it’s like... there’s something.” He pointed at a distant place.

Everybody tensed up.

The armoured old man jumped to the bow, carefully looked around, before he suddenly excitedly cheered. “It’s the other shore, I see the other side of the shore, we have arrived...”

“Really?”

“It wouldn’t be a mirage, right?”

Almost all the people were jumping in excitement.

Ye Qingyu stood up and looked ahead.

Indeed, faintly but visibly, the distant seawater was becoming shallower and mountains were coming into view, dotted with faint shades of green. It seemed that on the coastal land, there was plant growth.

“Quick, paddle over there, hahaha...” The middle-aged man laughed, unable to contain his excitement.

Everyone’s face glowed with excitement and their enthusiasm was rekindled.

They had reached the shore.

[Formation Emperor] Luoso’s legacy was right in front of them.

But at this time——

“Bad!” The armoured old man suddenly screamed, pointing below. “Boat... there’s a leak... this... what’s going on?”

Everyone looked down and immediately, their bodies tensed up.

It was unknown when but blood red water had seeped into the cabin. The boat was already very small, and although the water was not much, but with the crowd trying to avoid the blood water from staining their body, the boat suddenly appeared very crowded.

“Hurry up and paddle, hurry up and paddle... What are you doing staring blankly?”

The middle-aged swordsman screamed in panic, pointing and cursing at Ye Qingyu.

At this point, the distance from the shoreline was at least dozens of miles. In normal times, everyone could have crossed such a distance in the blink of an eye, but now they were lacking in yuan qi. By simply relying on strength, they could not leap as far as before. The shadow of death made everyone tensed up.

“What the hell are you saying...” Ximen Yeshui clasped his three-pronged spear. His face grew stern and cold.

“No, no... I mean, hurry paddle the boat or everybody’s going to be done for,” the middle-aged swordsman said, cowering.

Ye Qingyu also did not speak. He swung the paddle back and forth, and in coordination with the armoured old man, the boat, like an arrow released from a bow, darted towards the shoreline.

Everyone’s heart was in their throat.

There were constantly fresh red water seeping in.

“At this rate, before we reach the other shore, we would sink into the water and be killed...” the middle-aged swordsman mumbled to himself, his face ashen.

The people on board stood up and huddled together.

No one could stand at the cabin area anymore.

Seawater continued to seep in.

“No, our boat is too heavy... Too heavy, must think of a way...” the middle-aged swordsman shouted.

“Then what? Why don’t you jump down and lighten the weight of the boat?” Ximen Yeshui said with a cold smile.

The middle-aged swordsman dared not answer, his eyes swept around the circle of people, and finally fell on Qin Zhishui when a fierce smile curved his lips. “You are by yourself, right? You’re, too heavy, jump off.”

Qin Zhishui’s complexion was calm, clasping the red silk hilt of his blade firmly.

“What, you want to fight?” Eagle hook nose snorted. “Here you have no companion. Obediently roll down and we can leave your corpse intact. Otherwise, I will tear you to shreds and you won’t be able to beg for your death.”

Ding!

The middle-aged swordsman clasped his sword and walked towards him threateningly.

Just then——

“Who says he has no companions, we are together.”

Ye Qingyu who was swiftly rowing the boat suddenly opened his mouth and said calmly.

“You...” The middle-aged swordsman looked startled for a moment, then suddenly a scowl of rage was upon his face.

Eagle hook nose growled, “Kid, the only reason you can safely stay on this boat is because of the power of others. Do not meddle so much, be satisfy with what you have.”

While paddling the boat Ye Qingyu smiled a cold smile. “This is what I wanted to say to you two. Brother Ximen and I, as well at that beautiful lady there, can sweep away you two scum at the snap of our fingers. We let you sit all the way here, you should be content. If you’re that discontent and think the boat would sink, you might as well jump off yourselves.”

“You... who do you think you are, you....” the middle-aged swordsman yelled.

Ximen Yeshui humph coldly, pointing the three-pronged spear at him.

In the middle of Song Xiaojun’s palm, a dark flame also faintly emerged.

The middle-aged swordsman instantly shut up.

“Crazy, all crazy...” The eagle hooked nose grumbled through gritted teeth.

Qin Zhishui stared blankly for a moment then looked strangely at Ye Qingyu. He did not expect Ye Qingyu to help him, but he still nodded and gave a cupped fist salute, as though saying that he will remember this favour.

As they talked, the level of blood red sea water that seeped into the boat was already as deep as the palm of their hands.

“No, this boat is not going to hold...” the armoured old man said in a disappointed tone. “Everyone, you are on your own, good luck!”

At this point, the distance from the shore was more than 2000 meters.

Once he finished his words, he leaped up, jumping over the blood red sea.

The crowd gaped in shock.

The next moment, as the armoured old man was about to fall into the water, he suddenly struck the blood water with the oar in his hand, using the force to bounce back up again and leaping over a distance of nearly hundreds of meters...

After a few times, he had jumped over thousands of meters.

“Yes, the oars are not afraid of the blood water, we can borrow its force...This old thing is too cunning... crafty old fox, he has a kind old face but in fact, had already planned this, he managed to escape himself...”

Ximen Yeshui stared with his eyes fixed and his mouth wide-open.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 314:


Chapter 315 - Dragon Transformation Attack

At the same time.

Suddenly——

Whoosh!

A shaft of sword light burst out.

The middle-aged swordsman launched a sudden attack at Ye Qingyu.

Although Ye Qingyu had been on constant alert, he did not expect that he would dare attack so brusquely like that. As he evaded the attack, the middle-aged swordsman’s sword lunge quickly changed direction and the back of the sword struck the oar in Ye Qingyu’s hand.

Boom!

The oar slipped out of his grip.

The middle-aged swordsman grasped the oar and flew out like lightning.

“Hahahaha....You idiots, wait for death here!” The middle-aged swordsman cackled madly, and in the blink of an eye he was already hundred of meters away. Imitating the armoured old man, he struck the surface of the water with the oar, borrowing force to leap across.

“Brother Pei, don’t leave me, did we not agree beforehand...” the eagle hook nosed man yelled.

But how can he call back the middle-aged swordsman.

At that time, the boat shook and swayed violently again. Gurgling noises sounded out under the boat and large amounts of blood water leaked into the cabin. Even the sides of the boat were about to sink into the blood red water.

“Dismantle the boat!” Ye Qingyu shouted.

At the same time, Qin Zhishui had pulled out his blade.

The blade light struck the side of the boat.

Clang!

A metallic impact sounded.

Sparks shot out in all directions.

But the sides of the boat remained fine.

“No, can’t tear it apart... The hull of the boat is made from some mysterious material and our yuan qi is sealed, it’s hard for us to tear it...” Although Qin Zhishui was calm all along, at this time his expression was different.

“I’ll try!”

Ye Qingyu also no longer kept his abilities hidden. Activating [True Will of the Sky Dragon], his right hand instantly formed into a dragon claw. He grabbed the side of the boat and exerted strength. A loud clang echoed throughout the boat as the extremely strong sides of the boat were broken into chunks.

“Go.”

Ye Qingyu threw a piece of the sides of the boat to Qin Zhishui.

“What about you...” Qin Zhishui slightly hesitated.

“Brother, you go first. We have our own way,” Ximen Yeshui said, grinning.

“Thank you.” Qin Zhishui gave a cupped fist salute, before he leapt up and imitated the armoured old man and middle-aged swordsman by using the parts of the boat to hit the surface of the water and advancing towards the shoreline.

The eagle hook nosed man’s expression changed greatly. Today he was blind and did not realize the pretty boy was someone who had concealed himself before. He knew that with his behaviour before, Ye Qingyu would absolutely not help him. Grinding his teeth, he leapt out towards the ocean.

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

Suddenly the eagle hook nosed man leapt towards Qin Zhishui like a meteor.

Ye Qingyu instantly knew what this person planned to do.

“Brother Qin, be careful,” he shouted.

On the other side, Qin Zhishui also sensed the danger. The eagle hook nosed man wanted to snatch the piece of the boat away from his hand.

Luckily, Qin Zhishui was calm when facing dangers. While protecting the piece of the boat, he twisted around to directly face eagle hooked nosed man and launched a blow. Borrowing the force of the attack, he was propelled hundreds of meters forward, widening the distance between them.

Eagle hook nose was sent flying back dozens of meters. Wounded and exhausted, and with nowhere to stand, he fell into the sea of blood.

“Ah ah ah ah...”

He screamed frantically like a mad wild dog, took out the meteor hammer, and as he dropped into the water, he pounded the surface of the water. The force propelled him dozens of meters high in the air...

But the meteor hammer itself was very heavy and could not float on the blood water. The effect was obviously not as good as the oar and the boat.

After five or six times, the eagle hooked nosed man plunged into the blood water.

He furiously writhed around in the blood water, but very soon, his flesh began to corrode, emitting bursts of thick and foul-smelling white smoke, and he eventually sank into the boundless blood red ocean.

And at the same time.

Ye Qingyu had repeatedly removed several pieces of the boat.

“Haha, I’ll try.” Ximen Yeshui tied two pieces of the boat to the soles of his feet, and jumped down onto the surface of the seawater. With a confident and at ease posture he walked across the waves without getting wet. Others were scared of the blood water, but for him, he looked as relaxed as a child playing in the water.

Song Xiaojun looked at the piece of board that Ye Qingyu handed over to her, gently shaking her head.

The dark red flame in her body rose, turning into red demon lotus petals and supporting her body up. She slowly floated up, like the fairy of the ninth heaven, mysterious and graceful.

“Your yuan qi has not been sealed?”

Ye Qingyu was astonished.

Why could Song Xiaojun use yuan qi?

Was she not affected by the tremendous word ‘ordinary’ in the sky?

Song Xiaojun did not say anything, simply stretched out her hand, motioning Ye Qingyu to come onto the demon lotus petals.

Ye Qingyu smiled. “Haha, this time, I don’t need you to help me, I think I can cope... I’m going to collect on a small debt first.”

As his voice died away.

The roar of a dragon appeared between the heavens and the earth.

[True Will of the Sky Dragon] was in complete operation.

Ye Qingyu transformed into a silvery white sky dragon.

The true meaning of martial arts was a kind of enlightenment, a kind of power of one’s spirit and will. So it won’t be suppressed by the mysterious force of the word ‘ordinary’ that appeared in the sky. Ye Qingyu had secretly tested this before.

If a dragon entered the sea, the blood water cannot penetrate in the slightest.

A dragon can soar high into the sky. Flying is a natural ability of the dragon clan, the word ‘ordinary’ in the sky cannot inhibit its skill.

Ye Qingyu, who had transformed into a dragon, roamed the sky and the sea, as if he had returned home.

In the blink of an eye, he had travelled thousands of meters.

The middle-aged swordsman was already next to him.

“What? Where did it come from... Sky Dragon?” The middle-aged swordsman turned pale with fright.

“Haha, tiny being, I said before, you are dead. You snatched my Master’s oar, now my master has transformed. Ahaha, do you still feel superior?” Little Nine stood above the dragon’s head, holding the two horns with his paws and looking up at the sky, barking with excitement.

“What, you are....” The middle-aged swordsman finally came to understand. “Impossible... it’s impossible... The word ‘ordinary’ in the sky compressed all yuan qi, how can you still perform such remarkable ability, unless... unless... it’s the true meaning of martial arts? It’s impossible...”

His heart was bitingly cold.

“Woof hahahaha, what is impossible, woof’s master is capable of doing anything. Small thing, I said that I will bite you to death, quickly roll over here, let woof bite you...” silly dog Little Nine said smugly.

Ye Qingyu let out a low roar.

He felt strange.

Isn’t it supposed to be the pet carrying the master?

But why had the silly dog jumped on his head, spoke out all his words and snatched his lines... Why does he feel that he is the pet and the silly dog is playing the role of the master?

The middle-aged swordsman’s face turned ashen.

He frantically yelled, slapped the blood water surface with the oar and desperately leapt ahead.

But no matter how he exerted his strength, he still could not escape the sky dragon.

“Fend for yourself.”

Ye Qingyu’s huge dragon tail flung gently, knocking the red oar out of the middle-aged swordsman’s hands and taking it back.

“No...” The middle-aged swordsman roared in despair,. As his body was dropping into the blood water, he looked at Ye Qingyu imploringly. “Little brother, please, spare me... ah, no, save me...”

Ye Qingyu ignored him.

Splash!

The middle-aged swordsman ultimately plunged into the blood water of terror.

“Ah ah ah, no, save me...” He struggled madly, his body emitting foul-smelling white smoke and his flesh started to corrode, as if he was a live pig who had fallen into boiling water.

But no one cared about him.

The silver sky dragon’s slender and graceful body twisted and turned, returning back to the place before.

The blood red boat had already sunk, leaving behind only a broken side of the boat on the surface of the water.

Bang!

Ye Qingyu dived into the blood waves, water splashing in all directions.

After transforming into the sky dragon, Ye Qingyu felt free, free to move anywhere and do whatever he wants. Not even the blood red sea can cause him the slightest bit of trouble. He dived down several hundreds of meters into the blood red sea, the dragon eyes snapped open, shooting out a divine light that was able to see everything clearly in the blood red water within thousands of meters.

“It’s a dead sea, not a shred of life whatsoever... No fish, no living creatures.”

There was no sign of fish or shrimp around.

Ye Qingyu transformed into a dragon and entered into the sea, like the emperor had return to his own territory.

He could see that the boat that they were on before was releasing tiny bubbles, slowly sinking down into the deep sea. In the boundless ocean, it was like a grain of sand, gradually sinking little by little.

Ye Qingyu’s tail slightly moved and he had arrived at the boat.

“This boat, what material is it made from that blood water can’t corrode it. It is incomparably hard and can float on the blood water, perhaps it is a rare treasure.” Ye Qingyu thought, and without hesitation, stored the entire boat into the [Cloud Top Cauldron] of his dantian world.

The powers of [Supreme Ice Flame] could still be used. Ye Qingyu’s powers were not completely suppressed, so he could still store the little boat into the dantian world.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] was a mysterious pill cauldron that came from ancient times. Just the hundred and eight ancient characters etched on the outside was priceless. If it had fallen into the hands of a Pill Master like the [Pill God of Snow Empire] Dugu Quan, it would instantly become his most sacred treasure. But in Ye Qingyu’s hands, it was only a means of storage.

Calculating the time that he had patrolled around the depths of the sea, Song Xiaojun and the others have probably reached the shoreline. Ye Qingyu was ready to come to the surface.

Just then——

“Huh?”

Suddenly there was an extreme feeling of his heart pounding all around his body.

Ye Qingyu felt all the dragon scales extending and looked down at the bottom of the deep sea, where an incomparably vast shadow was slowly drifting over in the depths of about thousands of meters. However, even with the eyesight of the dragon, he still could not see the shadow clearly, or what it was, although he was certain that it was a creature.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 315:


Chapter 316 - Bury The Dead

“Is it that tentacle monster that appeared before?”

Ye Qingyu’s chest was suddenly throbbing.

A terrifying aura came from the shadows.

After Ye Qingyu transformed into a dragon, he can be regarded as the emperor of the sea. He had no fears, but for some reason, when he saw the huge mysterious shadow, an involuntary shudder passed through him.

“Should I dive down to see... Forget it, time is pressing. It’s more important to search for the [Formation Sovereign’s] legacy.”

Ye Qingyu dismissed all thoughts of diving down to investigate.

With a slight jerk of his body, the silver sky dragon shot into the sky and broke out of the sea.

In the blink of an eye, he had arrived at the shoreline.

The golden sandy shore that was washed by the blood red sea was not stained in the slightest, and the sand-like spheres of gold, glowing slightly, was swept into the sea. The coast was extremely wide and calm, and the sea was very shallow... There was no doubt that this is an almost flat and perfect beach.

Further in the distance, there were huge mountain peaks and green trees, range upon range of mountains and dense forests.

Song Xiaojun, Ximen Yeshui and Qin Zhishui were waiting on the shore.

There were no signs of the armoured old man and they also did not know where he had gone.

Ye Qingyu went passed the beach, landed in the middle of a forest and put on clothes before coming out of the forests to meet up again with the other three people.

[True Will of the Sky Dragon] is indeed strong, but the only bad point is that once he transforms, the clothes on his body will be damaged and when he transforms back he will be naked. Luckily, Ye Qingyu had a lot of spare clothes with him, or else he would really have to run around naked.

“Just now, thanks for your help Brother Ye.”

Qin Zhishui expressed his thanks again.

“Brother Qin is too polite...” Ye Qingyu smiled, then looked at Ximen Yeshui. “We have followed the route markings on the black jade scroll map, what do we do next? Is it the island the [Formation Sovereign’s] imperial palace?”

Xiemen Yeshui gazed at the mountains and forests in the distance. “My family has said that at the end of the blood sea is the imperial palace. It should be right, it is very likely that the real [Formation Sovereign’s] imperial palace is here. Ahahaha, our chance is here... Where are you looking?”

He stretched out his hand to point to the deepest part of the mountains and forest.

In a distant place shrouded by masses of white clouds, vaguely there really was a palace floating in space.

The palace and the shrine that emerged in the sky at the end of the fog zone were almost exactly identical, giving a majestic and sacred atmosphere.

“Go!”

Ye Qingyu no longer wasted time, leading the way, he leapt up and darted towards the depths of the forest.

They were on the ground now, which was completely different from being on the surface of the sea. There were places where they could borrow force, and strong people like them, with one leap, can reach thousands of meters away.

Rumble!

The crowd, like giant rabbits, kept leaping and speeding forward.

Only Song Xiaojun was on a dark demon lotus, floating in the sky, looking relaxed and at ease.

In the twinkling of an eye, the crowd went into the forest.

It looked like ordinary vegetation with no strange breath and smell, and there were no formations that they imagined it should have. Everything was normal, and between the vegetation, there were little birds and insects chirping, as well as snakes, worms, leopards and ants. Compared to the endless deathly red sea in the distance, this forest seemed like a paradise.

Ye Qingyu was looking forward to finding some rare herbs and unusual plants in the forest.

But he was disappointed.

The vegetation seen in the forest were all very common species and nothing special.

Suddenly, a strange smell of blood wafted over from the front.

Ye Qingyu and the other three people landed on a rock.

Water was gurgling.

The small stream was crystal clear, its colour was bright and beautiful, completely different to the water of the blood sea, flowing rapidly through the shade between the trees.

On the river bank, it was a mess and vegetation was destroyed.

There was a puddle of sparkling bloodstain, which had not completely dried and was emitting a faint delicate fragrance,. In the surroundings of the pool of blood were the remnants of dozens of worms and pythons, all ruptured like they had died an extremely miserable death.

“It seems that some strong people have fought here and someone was injured.”

“Hm, it should be the people that entered when the shrine gate opened three times before, they arrived early.”

“The blood of the high-level experts had sprayed all over here, and the fragrance had attracted tigers, leopards and worms to come lick it, but the animals on the island are just ordinary creatures and can not withstand the power of the blood of the strong people. Even if they licked a drop of blood, they would instantly explode...”

Qin Zhishui could not help sighing.

“Yes, the pursuit of strength and longevity, and the pursuit of improvement in the quality of life are the instincts of every creature, but the ones that can achieve it, how many are there?” Ye Qingyu agreed with this conjecture.

“Let’s go!”

Ximen Yeshui urged.

The people continued their journey.

Along the way, they again encountered traces of combat.

Because yuan qi had been suppressed here, simply relying on strength, the destructive power of the battle was limited and this forest was considered to be in a good condition. The smell of the corpses of the strong people that died in combat was enough to cause their hearts to shiver. The weakest one was at least of the Bitter Sea stage and when placed outside in the real world, he would still be a terrifying existence that can rule a region. Unfortunately, here, their life was as lowly as an ant; even when dead, there was not a person to bury their body.

Every time Ye Qingyu saw such a scene, he could not help sigh.

His personality was a little stubborn.

Whether it’s because he’s a soft-hearted person or a stupid person, he stopped and patiently buried all the bodies.

There was another scene of traces of combat.

The closer they were to the central area, the more shocking the battle scenes were. There were more than five corpses on this battlefield.

Ye Qingyu did not speak, and tidied and buried each of the bodies.

“Brother, what are you doing with these dead people at this time?” Ximen Yeshui could not help complaining.

Having been continuously delayed by him, Ximen Yeshui and Qin Zhishui were eventually unable to bear it and tried to persuade Ye Qingyu but he still would not listen. Seeing the [Base of the Formation Sovereign] in front and knowing that they came a bit late and other people have arrived before them, they could not hold back any longer. They bluntly advised Ye Qingyu a few words, before the two of them anxiously hurried ahead.

Only Song Xiaojun was on the dark demon lotus, leisurely floating in the sky and accompanying Ye Qingyu.

“Girl, you should go, don’t wait for me,” Ye Qingyu smiled, lifted his head and shouted.

Song Xiaojun looked at him, but did not speak and did not leave.

Ye Qingyu smiled and didn’t say anything else.

“Woof, what exactly are you thinking?” Silly Dog Little Nine was turning crazy. “We should make use of the time to find the legacy of the [Formation Sovereign] and take possession of it. You’re so leisurely... you are making me impatient.”

“The legacy will be obtained by a fateful person, it’s not important to be early or late,” Ye Qingyu said calmly.

“But... you have to fight for your fate, if you don’t fight for it, how would it fall into your hands...” Silly dog said anxiously, “Master, at this time, you can’t be foolish. These dead people were probably not all good people, leave them.”

“We are already late, the strong people that have entered before us were the real top-level existences, but even Mo Lingfeng, who was at the Ascending Heaven stage, had died. It can be seen how cruel and brutal this place is, so even if we hurry over, there is no way we would get a share.” Looking at the restless silly dog, Ye Qingyu said with a smile, “Since strength can’t obtain it, it depends on luck and character.”

“Can... what does luck and character have to do with you burying the dead?” Silly dog Little Nine jumped up and down madly, wishing that he could drag Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu gave a mysterious smile. “It’s not related. Saving a life is better than winning a seven-level pagoda. I buried a dead man that should be a one or two-level pagoda. Doing good deeds builds a good reputable character.”

“I...” Leading the way, silly dog wailed to the heavens, “I am such a good dog, how did I meet such an unreliable master, it’s a sin.”

Ye Qingyu glanced at him, “if you can’t stand it, you can go first, we’ll meet there.”

The silly dog very seriously thought for a moment, and although there was an anxious look of his face, he eventually answered in a disappointed tone, “Forget it, I’m staying here. If you encounter danger, I can still save you.”

Ye Qingyu smiled and did not say anything else.

Digging a hole, lifting the corpse, filling the hole, erecting a sign…

Several bodies were buried.

He stood up and clapped his hands. “Well, we...”

Before his voice died away.

Ye Qingyu’s expression suddenly changed, looked to a distant thicket, his eyes taking on a guarded look, he slowly forced his way through. “Who are you? Why hide in the trees. Please show yourself.”

No movement.

The silly dog jumped on to Ye Qingyu’s body, his rosy nose was twitching and his expression was serious.

Whoosh!

He turned into a bolt of lightning and darted to the tree.

“Careful.” Ye Qingyu immediately followed.

“Master, come, it’s the old man, he’s dying...” Little Nine’s voice echoed.

Ye Qingyu hurried over.

Wading through a dense thicket, he saw the armoured old man that ran away before lying on the grass, his breathing was shallow and weak, and his face was pale and lifeless. He could not move and was breathing in more than breathing out. It was evident that he was almost dying. He could not speak any words and was holding the oar tight in his hand...

Ye Qingyu squatted down and carefully examined him.

On the old man’s chest was a clear palm print on his armour and based on the extent of it dented in, it most likely had pressed into his chest. The attacker’s strength is frightening to be able to shatter the old man’s organs with just one palm attack. In the situation where yuan qi had been suppressed, the armoured old man would not survive.

This nice man, the mediator, the crafty old fox, had come all the way here, but ultimately could not get pass this step.

Ye Qingyu squatted down, single-handedly supporting him up, and after some thought, infused wisps of [Supreme Ice Flame] into the armoured old man’s heart meridians.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 316:


With Ye Qingyu's control of the [Supreme Ice flame] today, not only would it not hurt him, but it would even be able to increase his vitality.

"Cough cough..." The armoured old man began coughing acutely, spitting out a mouthful of blood with pieces of his organs contained within it. His complexion was slightly red. This was evidently the last moments before his death. He was clear in his own heart that his death was imminent, but he finally had the strength to speak, "So it... it was Ye... .young hero Ye, I... I won't be able to make it..."

"Do you have any last wishes or words?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"Cough cough... I... did... I did not think I would overlook someone. Ye... young hero Ye... just who are you..." the armoured old man asked with great difficulty.

"Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu." Ye Qingyu did not hide who he was.

When he had entered, he had not held the intention of hiding his identity deliberately. But it was just that the other experts, seeing his strength was low, did not place any importance to him at all. They did not even give him the opportunity of introducing himself.

"So... so... it was so..." The armoured old man had an enlightened expression. "So it was... [The Leaf of Youyan], Marquis Ye... you... you really are... I am... Snow... Snow Empire, Snow capital... I..."

The armoured old man's breathing intensified, not able to last much longer.

Finally, he took out a coiled dragon jade ornament and stuffed it in Ye Qingyu's hands. He struggled to say something more, but ultimately he could not even let out one more breath. He died.

Ye Qingyu looked at the dragon jade ornament in his hands, with shock.

Snow Empire?

Snow capital?

Could it be this old man was someone belonging to the Snow Empire?

Just what did the last words of the armoured old man mean?

And just what did this jade dragon represent?

Ye Qingyu let out a sigh, shaking his head. His hand covered the eyes of the armoured old man, so he would die with his eyes closed. Then he slightly arranged his corpse, digging a hole beside him and buried the armoured old man.

"Wait until I enter the Snow capital. If I am able to obtain enough clues, I will definitely hand this dragon jade to your descendants. Then you can rest in peace."

Ye Qingyu erected a tomb with a nameless plaque.

Then he brought the big headed dog to enter deep within the center of the forest, leaping as he went.

On the way, they would occasionally meet with the vestiges of battle, as well as the corpses of those fallen experts.

Ye Qingyu took care and buried all of hem.

After wasting a whole two hours, they finally reached the most central part of the forest.

Song Xiaojun had always remained following behind him.

The golden masked young girl stood in the air on her demon lotus with the wind blowing on her red dress as if she was independent from the world.

A mountain was in front of them, with white mist encircling around it. This was not the terrifying [Fog of Annihilation], but it was a divine mist that contained hints of Spirit qi. Just by breathing it in, it would make someone feel refreshed, as if they had just eaten a divine pill.

Under the highlight of this white encircling mist, the peak of the mountain seemed extremely mysterious.

There were little stone steps in a poor state, that rose up in a coil to the top of the mountain and then disappeared in the white mist.

Next to the first step of this little stone passageway was a stone sign, the height of one person. There were two lines of ancient characters etched onto it. It was not the characters of the God and Devil Age, but the ancient characters of the era of the Three Sovereigns.

Ye Qingyu carefully inspected and translated it.

"This path leads to seclusion, and within lies the formation grounds within the Ninth Heaven. The battle will soars to the heaven and the incredible descends upon the mortal world.”

And next to these two lines of ancient characters, there were two other smaller characters etched onto it

Luo So.

There was the little face of a little cat sticking its tongue out next to these two lines of characters.

Everyone knew that there was once a sacred twelve winged moonlight beast that followed beside Luo So. It’s appearance was like a cat. It was extremely famous. In the era of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, it was known as the moonlight beast. It was a mighty existence, and therefore the seal of the Formation Sovereign had always been the image of a little cat sticking its tongue out.

"In other words, at the peak of this mountain, there really is the palace of the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So?”

Ye Qingyu stared at the stone plaque thoughtfully.

According to what some of the ancient texts had said in the library of White Deer Academy, before this, the Human Race had seen hundreds of palaces of the [Formation Sovereig] Luo So. But the vast majority of them were evidently false, it was the misleading clues Luo So had left behind in his later years. There were only seven instances where they had truly discovered some of the legacy left behind by the [Formation Sovereign] Luo So. This had brought huge hope to the Human Race.

But sadly, the things obtained from these seven palaces were not completely intact.

According to the explanation of the [Formation Treatise]---some of the sacred treasures held by the [Formation Sovereign] had not yet appeared.

If it was not wrong, then on the top of these stairs should be the eighth true palace of the [Formation Sovereign].

"Master, what the hell are you standing around for, looking at the stone plaque dumbly. Woof, you are really infuriating me." Little Nine was so impatient he was about to cough up blood.

"En, go, let's go." Ye Qingyu took step by step up the stone steps.

The silly dog was astounded and incredulous. "You can't have been thinking of going step by step up?"

"Then how else should I go up?" Ye Qingyu countered.

"Jump it, or perhaps transform into a Sky dragon and fly over it... don't waste time." Little Nine really wanted for Ye Qingyu to bring him up by flying.

Ye Qingyu smiled, the rows of ancient characters left on the stone sign flashing by in his mind. Shaking his head, "No, no, for this road, we must take it step by step up."

Little Nine was dumbfounded.

Ye Qingyu shook his head with a smile, beckoning to Song Xiaojun in the air.

Song Xiaojun shook her head.

"You have to walk this path with your feet. Believe in me." Ye Qingyu opened his mouth.

Song Xiaojun shook her head. "We have different aims.”

"Ah?" Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

Song Xiaojun did not say anymore.

She was like a shadow that floated above Ye Qingyu. She was not fast or slow, as if she was not even slightly impatient.

There were some guesses in Ye Qingyu's heart, but he could not further insist. If he intereferred with Song Xiaojun's fortuitous encounter, that would not be good. After thinking, he began running on the stone step, one step after another. He ran very quickly, but he stepped on every step, not missing or skipping over any step.

He seemed like a shadow that madly charged towards the top of the mountain.

Song Xiaojun followed closely behind him.

After approximately fifteen minutes later.

"Huff, huff... in total, there are eleven thousand, one hundred and eleven steps." Ye Qingyu looked at the end of the little passageway, an arched shaped stone gateway appeared. When one passed the stone gateway, there would be a flat yard. At the end of the yard, one could see the towering majestic palace they had seen on the shore.

On the courtyard, there were many figures.

There were twenty or thirty figures that silently stood at the entrance to the divine palace, as if they had fossilised. No one said anything. It was unknown what they were thinking, it was as if something had attracted all their attention, as if they had lost all their souls. They seemed completely motionless. From far away, they seemed like strange statues. The situation was incomparably strange.

Ye Qingyu stepped onto the courtyard.

At that time, he finally realized that the stone tiles of the courtyard were exceedingly strange.

There was faint blue strange markings on every faintly yellow tile.

It seemed like a formation, but also not so.

And the marking on every tile was different from each other.

It you carefully inspected, you would discover a strange light flickering within the blue brush strokes of the marking like it was a liquid. But when you reached out your hand to touch it, you could only feel the rough texture of the yellow tile.

After inspecting it for a while, he did not seen anything strange about it, so he headed on towards the deepest parts of the courtyard.

The sky was clear with little clouds.

There was a faint wind blowing past.

There was an exceedingly strange sensation in Ye Qingyu's heart as he came to be behind the twenty or thirty figures.

They were definitely the experts who had arrived beforehand.

Because Ye Qingyu could see Ximen Yeshui, as well as Qin Zhishui who was also standing there motionlessly.

There were frozen expressions on these two fellows that stood at the very front. Their muscles did not even twitch, their eyelids freezing in place. There was an expression of overjoyed delight on Ximen Yeshui's face, his white teeth showing. And there was a thoughtful and shocked expression on Qin Zhishui. Both of them stood there dumbly, staring at the sky.

Ye Qingyu followed their gazes.

There was nothing at all.

There was nothing at all in the sky.

Apart from these two fellows, the other twenty or so people also stood where they were. The others expressions were also much like so.

There was aproximately ten meters separating every person. What was below them were yellow tiles with different blue markings. The light blue light faintly emitted, and surrounded and protected them within.

Ye Qingyu attempted to come closer, but this blue light prevented him from nearing.

"Eh? This fellow is also here?"

Ye Qingyu's gaze fell on a figure, and was stunned.

A person wearing a sky blue robe, his figure slender and well proportioned, stood there. He word a golden hoop, and at his waist, there was a golden gilded jade hilt long sword. His expression was somewhat lazy, and there was a nobility about him. He had an expression that was a smile that was not a smile as he stared at the sky.

Blue Sky.

He had once pretended to be a teacher in White Deer Academy. He had brought Ye Qingyu and the others for their first training, and had once killed everyone within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. He was the handsome and unreliable fellow that had once been imprisoned along with Ye Qingyu in the disciplinary hall.

Ever since leaving White Deer Academy, Ye Qingyu had not ever seen this fellow.

But he faintly felt that the background of Blue Sky was definitely not common.

He did not imagine that today, he would see this lazy and unreliable fellow.

It made Ye Qingyu completely shocked.

Apart from Blue Sky, he did not recognize anyone else.

But what made him really shocked was that there was a figure whose body was already completely destroyed from his abdomen and below. He only had an upper body left, but he floated above a stone tile. He was similarly staring at the sky, his expression calm and peacefully without the slightest trace of pain. It was as if he was immersed in something beautiful.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

