Chapter 449:


469 - Spirit improving



Even when the Left Minister and the Old Commander teamed up together, they were still not the Right Minister's opponents.

A white tiger spirit was laying on the shoulder of the Right Minister, as if it was really a living a spirit. They attacked and defended as one, especially coordinated, as if they were of one body. The so called tool of fate, the [White Tiger Armour], was evidently much stronger than the black sword in the Old Commander's hand or the white rule in the hands of the Left Minister, Qu Hanshan. Furthermore, along with the fact that Lin Zheng, the Right Minister, was once known as the number one genius of Snow Empire, his cultivation was also stronger than Li Guangbi or Qu Hanshan.

Therefore when the battle had continued on for nearly two hours, Qu Hanshan and Li Guangbi, was finally defeated.

The chest of Qu Hanshan was struck by the tail of the White Light Tiger, and instantly the clothes were crushed. His entire chest was sunken in, and there were even white bones that jutted out from behind his back. His internal organs were nearly crushed into meat paste at that instant, fresh blood being spat out from his body. The strange power of the [White Tiger Armour] began madly and unrestrainedly running free within his body...

The Old Commander Li Guangbi was also struck by a palm strike of Lin Zheng at his chest. His internal organs exploded. HIs chest was directly struck through, a palm shaped hole appearing on his chest.

The figure of the two fell down from the skies like a piece of stone.

Seeing this, Ye Qingyu was greatly shocked. He shot through the air, receiving the bodies of the two directly from the skies.

The Right Minister stood alone in the skies, a killing intent flashing by in his eyes. His white tiger palm covered the sky and sun, and was about to kill the two along with Ye Qingyu.

"This old bastard is really a scum that has hardened his determination to betray the Snow Empire...”

Ye Qingyu felt that his entire person had been locked down by the qi of the white tiger palm, there was basically no way of escaping. The air surrounding him was as if there was a seal placed on it. The destructive killing intent held in that palm strike, with Ye Qingyu's current cultivation, unless he activated the [Limitless Divine Way] to a state above four limits, he had absolutely no way of blocking it.

And there was also the fact that he held two injured people in his embrace.

Nearly at an instant, without needing to reconsider, Ye Qingyu activated the divine technique [Flash] within the ancient bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled hart].

There was a faint light.

Ye Qingyu, along with Qu Hanshan and Li Guangbi, disappeared where they were.

The white tiger palm strike instantly shattered the air that the three had previously occupied. Under the black night of the skies, there was a turbulent chaotic space that was hundreds of meters long, as if a piece of the skies had been lost that was frightening to the extreme.

At the same time, Ye Qingyu brought the two and returned to the ground.

This entire process finished in but the time of a spark and was extremely dangerous.

"En?"

In the skies, there was a shred of surprise that flitted across the Right Minister, Lin Zheng's face.

"To think there was such an ability? To think it could instantly break apart from the lockdown of the qi of the [White Tiger Armour]? One must know that even a true Heaven Ascension stage expert, facing such a strike, will be heavily injured... it seems that in the body of this little Palace Lord, there are still many unknown secrets hidden on him..."

As such a thought flashed by his mind, the gaze of the Right Minister, Lin Zheng stared down from the skies. He looked downwards towards the soldier camp as well as the people at the [Light Palace].

A huge transparent white tiger figure changed along with the clouds and the night skies, shining above the skies of the capital.

This was one of the signs that the [White Tiger Armour] had been activated to its extreme.

At that instant, it was as if a a divine tiger beast that was before the Far Ancient Age, at the beginning of the God and Devil Age, had passed through the endless boundaries of time and space to come here. With an icy and judgemental gaze, it lay above the skies, coldly staring at the ground beneath and going to punish anyone that would dare go against it.

That humongous white tiger head caused everyone to feel insignificant and small.

"There are still two hours before the Domain Gate fully opens. At that time, the Fiendgods from outside the domain will descend, and the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain will once again return to the God and Devil Age. Ye Qingyu, given the fact that you are a rarely seen genius of our Human Race, I will give you one last opportunity. Join me. After this day has passed, there will naturally be the glorious moment when your name resounds throughout Heaven Wasteland Domain. Otherwise, under the strike of my palm, you are but a piece of skeleton that turns into ashes. Even if you have a monstrous talent, it will still be wasted, and fated to be buried in the soil."

Lin Zheng opened his mouth, a toughness that did not allow for refusal in his voice.

"There are things that one can do, but things that cannot do." Ye Qingyu told people to bring Qu Hanshan and Li Guangbi to be healed, while he lifted up his head and stared at the skinny and somewhat frail figure of the old man that was standing in the skies, like he was a Fiendgod. Wtih a faint smile, "Receiving the benefits of the Emperor, yet going against the kindness of your monarch. As the Minister of the Human Race, you betrayed humankind. I wonder just where your face and self-confidence comes from, that you want me to join you?"

Lin Zheng heard this, but was not angered. He smiled, "Your vision is small. The Imperial family of Snow Empire, just how can it represent the entire Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain? When I joined the Imperial court, I was just like you--- I wanted to revitalize the Empire and bring glory to the humans of Heaven Wasteland Domain. But it's a pity the Yu Imperial family, from the Emperor the princes, are all incompetent people. They languish in court, not advancing even a step, failing the entire world. My heart acts for the Human Race wholeheartedly, but instead I receive the restriction imposed upon me by the Imperial family everywhere. If it is like so, then why not replace them."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu activated his yuan power as well as the [Limitless Divine Way]. He continuously activated an even high level of divine limit.

His aura was also currently rapidly rising.

Lin Zheng couldn't help but sigh, saying again, "Ye Qingyu, if you give up on resisting, the elite troops and soldiers you have under you will be able to escape annihilation and can be preserved. Without resistance, there will be no killing. Your friends from all over will also be saved..."

As Ye Qingyu heard this part, his complexion suddenly changed. With a thunderous rage, "What do you mean?"

"Hearing of the way and character in which you do things, you are extremely protective. You will utterly protect the people close to you. In the past, for a couple of minor sentries in the sentry post of Youyan Pass that died in battle for you, you then used a multitude of methods to treat their families well. At White Deer Academy, there must be many of your close friends and fellow students, right? As for the Ye household in Deer City, oh, and those people in Youyan Pass, Lu Zhaoge and the others..."

The Right Minister faintly smiled.

But the hint contained within this smile caused Ye Qingyu to have a rage and killing intent that was nearly unsuppressable at that instant.

Very evidently, the understanding the Right Minister, Lin Zheng, had towards Ye Qingyu was even deeper and more detailed than Ye Qingyu had imagined.

"As the Right Minister, how could you do such shameless and despicable matters?" Ye Qingyu berated him angrily.

In Ye Qingyu's entire life, the greatest inverted dragon's scale was this. If you touch it, he would absolutely be furious.

The Right Minister let out a faint smile, "To achieve greater things, one must not mind the small things."

"You..." Ye Qingyu was furious, but could not utter anything.

Because he knew, someone like Lin Zheng was not a hero, he was a tyrant. To achieve something, he would entirely choose a method that did not care about the consequences or methods. These types of people were people that were truly terrifying and the most hard to deal with.

"I have heard that you have long established your own eyes and ears within the capital. The tiny little Two River Gang that is as small as a sesame seed in Deer City has begun to stretch it's vines towards the Snow Emperor. You can be counted as careful. But it’s a pity that no matter whether its Lang Zhong or Lang Yong, they are still too young and tender. Although they are talented, but just how could they compete against the forces that I have carefully cultivated in the last decades?"

Ye Qingyu's heart was even more shaken.

He originally thought that the Two River Gang, having a faction within Snow Capital, was something that would remain utterly secret. Ever since coming to Snow Capital, he had only seen Lang Yong once, to prevent the intimate relationship between himself and the Two River Gang from being exposed. Ye Qingyu did not contact Lang Zhong, and Lang Zhong had only delivered some information through some extremely secretive methods.

He did not imagine that the Two River Gang would still be exposed.

People said the forces of the Right Minister in the entire empire was like a quicksilver pool. It would enter into any pore. From the current situation, such a description was indeed true. No matter whether it was Lang Zhong or Ye Qingyu himself, they had underestimated the enemy far too much.

Lin Zheng continued on with a faint smile, "When you arrive in the capital, you walked very closely with the Dugu family as well as the Ouyang family. Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping, these two old foxes, wants to place a bet on you, and provided you with all sorts of help and services, as well as the Lin family... but do you know, that even if you were to die in battle here today, they will not feel the slightest hint of sadness for you. In fact, they will quickly reach a compromise with me, and change their direction, and willingly become a pawn under me."

Ye Qingyu deeply breath in.

In front of him, countless experts of the sects began to advanced pressuringly. But because of the scene of the Right Minister, they had not yet launched an attack.

And behind him, the hundreds of soldiers of the light camp was as somber as trees. There was not a hint of noise, stable like boulders as they guarded Ye Qingyu's back. At this time, there was no longer any of that sort of playfulness, pretending to be crazy and wanting treasures that were displayed at the camp. On the body of everyone, there was an iron-blooded, hard aura that had been cultivated through experiencing countless bloody battlefields and thousands of battles.

"What brother Ouyang and brother Dugu would choose, my heart is clear. Do you really think just by a couple of sentences of yours, you can affect the relationship between us? Although I am not as experienced as you Lin Zheng, I know how to read someone's heart, I know who to make friends with." Ye Qingyu suppressed the rage in his heart, saying word by word, "Furthermore, even if my two brothers had to submit to you, I have nothing against them. They have tens of thousands of people under their two great families, and blood is thicker than water. It is hard to discard all this away. To be forced to lower their heads to protect their families under your evil might is not something humiliating. I, Ye Qingyu, will absolutely not ask my two brothers, because of me, to risk the lives of thousands upon thousands of people of their two great families. Otherwise, this is true shamelessness. Then what difference will I have with you Lin Zheng?"

As these words were said, a strange spiritual fluctuation was emitted from Ye Qingyu's body.

This was an invisible, but still shocking energy.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt everything in his vision brightening. His chest that originally felt blocked and stuffed, was suddenly wide open. All the hesitation and confusion in his heart had been swept completely clear. There was no longer any dark clouds, as his will became unprecedentedly clear and determined.

This was an elevation in his consciousness.

This was a purification and elevation of the power of his spiritual strength.

Such an elevation, for a martial expert, was absolutely an opportunity that one could only encounter in one's dream.

An outstanding martial cultivation needed to be concerned with having uncluttered thoughts and a clear will and determination. Like Ye Qingyu as he was previously, and being angered by several words of Lin Zheng, where his rage was hard to control. His inverted dragon's scale was also his weak point. Once he fell into this abyss, he would be bound by demons in his heart, and the path of his martial cultivation would become incomparably difficult.

But once he had thought this through, all the demons in his heart was instantly destroyed and extinguished.

As for Ye Qingyu's martial cultivation, he would definitely make progress with much more ease, with a level path.

But at this time, there was suddenly a heroic great laughter sounding from a distance away, "Good, very good. You are my brother Ye instead, life only has one great friend. Even if I die, what does it matter? Your brother I, have come..."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 450:


470 - Cooperating to defeat the enemy

In the air, there was a ripple flickering and flashing.

Suddenly there was an explosive noise, as a chaotic energy surged. There was evidently some sort of hidden formation energy shield that had been destroyed.

Then there were thousands of black figures that were like bolts of lightning in the night that rushed over like a gust of wind from far off.

And at the very forefront were the two old men, Ouyang Buping and Dugu Quan.

The person that previously spoke was namely the Pill God of Snow Empire, Dugu Quan.

"Haha, brother Ye, your words have really gotten directly into the bottom of my heart." Dugu Quan flew in the sky and laughed greatly, "To be able to have a sworn brother like you in my later years, my wishes have really been completely fulfilled. Today, I will fight shoulder to shoulder with you, if it's a mountain then we'll climb over, if its fire then we'll prevail over it together."

The Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping also said loudly, "That's right, we noticed it too late and was delayed by the underlings of that old dog Lin Zheng. We came to provide support too late, don't blame us brother Ye. Thankfully, there was the aid of the Sword King Qin, as well as other brothers of the Jianghu, so we were able to break the encirclement and rush here. We were able to hear such morale rousing words from far away, I am ashamed..."

One was known as the Pill God and one was known as the Divine Doctor. These were not martial titles that were not renowned throughout the Empire. But this did not represent they were not martial experts. In fact, this was entirely the opposite. The martial cultivation of the two was also extremely profund. They had entered into the Bitter Sea stage a hundred years ago, so their cultivation today was even more unfathomable than before.

And behind them, there were roughly thousands of people. They were all martial experts, the large majority of them covered in blood. Evidently, to get to here, they had experienced a path of killing and had paid a significant price.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

There was sounds of air being pierced like arrows being released.

The people that came to reinforce had arrived, descending in front of the [Light Palace]. They stood shoulder in shoulder with the soldiers of the [Light Palace].

The people of the [Light Palace] that had originally fought alone, their morale was also instantly heightened by this addition.

"Brother Ye, long time no see. How are you."

The [Matchless Blade King] Qin Zhishui, wearing flaming armour appeared next to Ye Qingyu, raising his hands in greeting.

These days he had a huge disturbance within Snow Capital, causing the movement of all forces. He was the successor of the [Matchless Blade City] that people had been chasing to kill. Compared to the previous noble and handsome young master appearance that he had at the Xian Pavilion at Youyan Pass, there was a huge transformation. He seemed to have grown older, without the previous white complexion and aura he had before. But his eyes had grown sharper, with his eyebrows nearly touching his temple, making him look even more unmatchedly heroic than before.

A scar had appeared on his left face, the colour extremely pale.

But with Qin Wushuang's cultivation, for there to be a scar to be left on his face and not be able to be erased, one could see just how terrifying his initial injuries were. One could tell just what sort of heart pounding experiences he had gone through in Snow Capital, he must have been in battle at every moment in time.

Next to him, there were around twenty experts also wearing flame-like armour. They should all be experts that originated from the [Matchless Blade City]. Every one of them had a deep aura and serious expressions, not in any way lesser than that of the soldiers of the Light camp. Evidently, they were a little platoon of elites that had undergone hundreds of battles.

"The fame of brother Qin has shaken Snow Captial in these days. Seeing you today, your radiance is definitely better than in the past and your cultivation has progressed even further. Congratulations." Ye Qingyu let out a loud laughter, directly giving Qin Zhishui an embrace.

Ye Qingyu had incomparable admiration for this successor of the [Matchless Blade City].

If amongst the Three Sects and Three Schools,there were any loyal sects, then the [Matchless Blade City] would definitely be at the forefront. And if there were any loyal warriors amongst the Three Sects and Three Schools, then the [Matchless Blade King] Qin Wushuang would absolutely be at the forefront.

This was a true iron-blooded man.

His pride was as if it had been created by the world.

"These are all experts of all sorts of large gangs and sects within the capital, as well as some experts within the military. They are all warriors that are loyal to the empire. Previously, the Old Commander had hiddenly contacted them before. But it’s a pity that old bastard Lin Zheng is too sly and crafty. Before he attacked the [Light Palace], he left behind his underlings to surrounded us, so we had to break through the heavy encirclement. Before we came here, we already lost over 50 percent of our manpower." Qin Zhishui continued to introduce the Jianghu people that he brought over.

"Brothers, it's been hard.”

Ye Qingyu clasped his hands and said in a low voice, paying his respects to the experts that came covered with blood.

"Palace Lord Ye is courteous."

"The things that Palace Lord Ye has done, in truth has personally vented our frustrations. Those Brutes, all deserve to die."

"Palace Lord Ye, as well as Blade King Qin, are the spine and pillars of the martial experts of the Snow Empire."

"Previously Old Commander Li had said before, once battle begun, he would not have the time to give command and told us to listen to the direction of Palace Lord Ye. Please give us orders and tell us what to do."

"That's right, today let's immediately fight and kill here today."

The surrounding people were after all people of the Jianghu. They did not have the strict discipline of the army. Therefore when they heard Ye Qingyu words, all began shouting and yelling. Although they were somewhat scattered, but at least from their performance, they were as passionate as fire, with high morale.

At this time, Ye Qingyu did not know what arrangements to make for these people.

To want to rely on the advantage of numbers to defeat the Right Minister Lin Zheng was evidently not something realistic. Even if they spent this thousand of people to expend the yuan qi of Lin Zheng, it would not have too great of an effect because Lin Zheng was wearing the [White Tiger Armour]. Furthermore, even if it could really expend a portion of Lin Zheng's power, Ye Qingyu would not use such a bloody method.

Furthermore, the Jianghu power under the commander of the Right Minister was posturing threateningly opposite them. Their number was not in any way least than theirs.

"“Everyone, lets first protect the [Light Palace]."

Ye Qingyu loudly shouted.

Ever since the battle had begun, the forces of the Right Minister had attacked the [Light Palace] several times already. There were several Heaven Ascension stage experts that had appeared, and finally even the Right Minister Lin Zheng had personally appeared. Even if one did not use a brain to think, one could be sure that it was definitely not because Lin Zheng really hated the [Light Palace] or because of Ye Qingyu.

The only explanation was that within it, the [Light Palace] was concealing some important item or secret.

This sort of item or perhaps secret must play an important role in the plan of the Right Minister.

In the skies.

Lin Zheng stood alone where he was, his expression cold.

Dugu Quan and the others had broken past the formation and seal he had arranged beforehand, charging towards the [Light Palace]. This was something that he had not expected, that before Li Guangbi had gone to battle, he had arranged such a way to give the [Light Palace] some external support. But the problem was, would such a ragtag crowd really be of use? Could they really bring a shred of hope to the [Light Palace]?

There was a cold smile that appeared on Lin Zheng's face.

He slightly breathed in, then his figure suddenly charged down from above. The [White Tiger Armour] protected him like a silver star screen. In but a breath's time, he heavily struck the [Flowing Silver Light Formation] that had not yet entirely collapsed. In an instant, the protective light barrier of the formation was entirely destroyed, and he struck down like a bolt of lightning into the crowd below.

Boom!

It was like an asteroid striking the ground.

Heavenly fire flew everywhere, the ground broke and shattered. The white-coloured energy fluctuation was like a storm that swept everywhere all around.

The unprepared experts of the Jianghu at the very center of this was directly struck by the waves of this destructive strike. They could not even let out a scream before they turned into ashes in the air. Large pieces of earth was sent flying with a boom, dust shooting to the skies. Countless Fire trees were uprooted from the roots.

Such a scene was truly too terrifying.

The experts that were able to rush here and support, enduring all the trials they faced, were all strong experts. But in front of such a scene, they were like thin paper in front of fire, being transformed into ashes in mere moments.

Of the nearly one thousand experts, they had instantly lost ten percent of it.

"Kill!"

Within the protective barrier of the White Tiger, the thin figure of the Right Minister was evident. He took large strides presuringly towards the [Light Palace].

Behind him, the experts of the Right Minister's residence as well as the Jinahu were like a mountain avalanche, charging towards them.

The scene instantly entered into a state where blades were met.

Everywhere the Right Minister, Lin Zheng went, he was invincible. There were several experts that attempted to block him, but as he listed his hand, they were all turned into ashes. The White Tiger spirit lay on his shoulder, the silver light of his yuan qi emitting from his sword. The long tail of the tiger was like a divine whip curling in the air. There was absolutely no expert who could even enter ten meters near him.

This frail and skinny old man was like a Fiendgod descending. In an instant, he was like a scorching sharp sword cutting through butter. He had begun opening a huge crack within the formation of the [Light Palace].

And behind him, in the camp of the traitors, their experts were like wildfire. Following this crack, they charged forwards.

The camp of the [Light Palace] was instantly plunged into chaos.

"Damn it, we must stop this old bastard." The [Matchless Blade King], Qin Zhishui took a look and instantly knew it would be troublesome. If they could not stop Lin Zheng, then just by his efforts alone of breaking a path through like breaking bamboo, the side of the [Light Palace] would definitely fall. They could not even endure for a significant period of time.

Xiu!

The light of the blade pierced through the air.

Qin Zhishui acted personally.

He let out an enraged shout, turning into one with his long blade. He transformed into a blade glimmer, that struck towards Lin Zheng to kill.

"Careful brother Qin, I'll lend you a hand."

Ye Qingyu feared that Qin Zhishui would be hurt, and quickly followed after. The Crepe Myrtle Sword in his hand shuddered, the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] of the Unmatched General instantly striking out.

The [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] had two specialities; one was to close the distance while the other was to seal off the others yuan qi.

There Ye Qingyu was able to reach first despite striking later. He rushed past the sword light of Qin Zhishui, instantly invading near the Right Minister, Lin Zheng. The sword glimmer of the Crepe Myrtle Sword exploded, striking downwards.

"En?"

There was a faint shock that flitted past the eyes of Lin Zheng.

This was the second time he had exhaled because of Ye Qingyu.

Ever since he had started fighting, this was the first time someone had broken the defences of the [White Tiger Armour] and came to within one meter of his body.

As the sword glimmer was about to chop down, Lin Zheng acted as if he did not see this at all. A fist struck towards Ye Qingyu’s chest, the force of the fist like shocking thunder. He did not show the slightest hint of mercy. Since the situation had progressed so far, even if he admired talent, he would absolutely not show any pity whatsoever.

The white tiger on his shoulder acted. As it roared, the tail of the tiger blocked Ye Qingyu's sword.

Ye Qingyu's complexion did not change, he had long expected this. The [True Will of the Sky Dragon] activated as his left hand along with his arm turned into dragon claws and a dragon limb, striking directly on Lin Zheng's fist.

Boom!

Amongst the huge shudder, there was blood appearing.

Ye Qingyu's arm shattered, dragon scales flying everywhere. The flesh on his fist was nearly blown away by the impact, leaving only white bone behind. The skin and flesh of his arm had been stripped away by the impact, like a fire stick dipped in blood, incomparably tragic.

"Che!"

Ye Qingyu spat out a mouthful of blood and was like a kite that had its string cut, flying away.

At this time, the sword light of Qin Zhishui also struck.

The force of the blade was like lightning, with faint signs that it would break apart the air.

The Right Minister did not pay attention to the blade light. Another fist struck out, directly striking at the true body of Qin Zhishui behind the blade light.

But the next moment, his complexion greatly changed.

Because the white tiger light at his shoulder disappeared at that moment.

The incomparably tyrannical blade of Qin Zhishui, landed directly on the head of the Right Minister----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 451:


471 - Crucial time



Ding!

There was the sound of a metallic clash.

There was a disbelieving look on the Right Minister's face.

He had entirely not imagined that the [White Tiger Armour], which had nearly reached a state where he could communicate with it, would lose its effectiveness without any signs whatsoever. The tail of the White Tiger that was about to block that blade light suddenly stopped, as if the [White Tiger Armour] had lost its effect and fallen into a slumbering state.

Qin Zhishui did not imagine that his blade would have such an effect.

He had prepared countless changes to his moves, countless ways to avoid the counter strike of the Right Minister. But such preparations did not need to be used.

But the huge force that was transferred from the impact was still enough to make Qin Zhishui shocked.

This blade struck squarely on Lin Zheng's head, like it was striking on divine steel. The glimmer only advanced briefly, then it did not have the slightest of effects any further. It could not advance another inch. And the force rebounding from the hilt of the blade was enough to cause the entire arm of Qin Zhishui to go numb.

Thankfully, because of his shock, the fist of the Right Minister Lin Zheng did not really land squarely on Qin Zhishui.

The instant the blade struck his head, his fist transformed into a palm. He pushed upwards, grabbing Qin Zhishui's blade. With a slight exertion of strength and a boom, this blade that had been refined hundreds of time over was turned into fine silver dust that exploded in the air.

Qin Zhishui was also sent flying upwards.

On the forehead of the Right Minister, there was a faint bloodline the width of a hair appearing. There were tiny and miniscule blood droplets appearing instantly, creating a strange and terrifying sight.

This was the first time that he had been injured in battle for the last forty years.

The originally chaotic battlefield where people were killing and blood was running down, seeing such a scene, also abruptly halted.

At this instant, the sect experts under the Right Minister's forces had a disbelieving and incredulous light flickering on their faces, as well as even a shred of fear and apprehension.

There was a hard to conceal fear appearing in the gazes of the people looking at Qin Zhishui.

Striking at the same time, the Lord of the Light Palace Ye Qingyu was sent flying by a fist without causing the slightest of effect. But the blade of the [Matchless Blade King] Qin Zhishui broke apart the defenses of the Right Minister, and had even injured this huge tyrannical figure of the martial scene of Snow Empire...

No wonder in these days, the [Matchless Blade King] would be able to cause such a huge disturbance.

At this time.

"Hahaha... somewhat interesting."

The Right Minister let out a faint cold smile.

He lifted his hand to his forehead and wiped away this line of blood droplets, as well as the Matchless blade qi that had entered into his head along with this bloodline. He held it in his hand, transforming into a small ball of blood the size of a thumb.

As for the injury on his forehead, with a wipe, it instantly disappeared. There was no longer any wound that could be seen.

The little ball of blood spinning on his palm was like a red jade.

There was a faint silver glimmer that could be seen flickering within this ball of blood.

This was namely the blade qi that had entered into the Right Minister's head by the blade strike of Qin Zhishui.

"Good, good, good." He said good in succession three times, not even paying a glance to Qin Zhishui, his gaze entirely focused on Ye Qingyu. "I did not imagine that your sword would have such a sealing ability contained within it. Before I could even notice, it had sealed away the power of the [White Tiger Armour]... could it be that this is a rumoured ability that is only passed down in the Light Palace? It really is special. Ever since I have worn the [White Tiger Armour], it had never been sealed away by someone, even for an instant."

As these words were said, the atmosphere changed.

The gazes of everyone shifted from the figure of Qin Zhishui to Ye Qingyu whose white robe was covered in blood stains.

Including Qin Zhishui himself.

So it was like this.

The reason why the blade was able to strike at the Right Minister's head was not because the [Matchless Blade !i] was incomparably sharp.

It was because of the sword strike of the Palard Lord Ye Qingyu. Although it had seemed to be ineffective, but without anyone noticing, it had sealed away the power of the [White Tiger Armour]. With the Right Minister not noticing, he had suffered as a result of this.

But just what was the deal with that sword?

These people had observed clearly. That sword had evidently struck on the tail of the White Tiger, but there was not any strange scene that had appeared. But in an instant, it had sealed away the power of the [White Tiger Armour].

Could this be a divine technique from the legends?

At this time, an icy light was constantly flickering on Ye Qingyu's left shoulder.

In the next instant, the left shoulder that had nearly exploded had already recovered.

Someone at the Bitter Sea stage cultivation, on some level was able to make flesh regrow.

Ye Qingyu was already an existence at the Bitter River stage. Furthermore, the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] was an exceedingly powerful body refinement and recovery technique. To heal from an external wound that seemed to be serious, in truth did not require too much effort.

With the Crepe Myrtle sword in his hand, Ye Qingyu's aura continuously rose.

White scale after white scale began to grow under his skin with a speed that was visible to the naked eye. It not only grew on his hands and arms, but even on his neck, his chin, his face, there were dragon scales that were faintly flickering with silver light growing.

Only by activating the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] to its extreme and pushing the strength of his body to a pinnacle state could he utilize the mysteries of the [Limitless Divine Way] to it's most optimal state. He could attempt to enter into the realm of the fourth, or even the fifth limit.

Opposite.

"Fine. It seems that person of the Light Palace had really left behind something in the past. Then let me experience what the true mysterious and abilities of the Light Palace are..."

The expression on the face of the Right Minister gradually became serious and sharp.

He blew lightly with his mouth. The ball of blood that was spinning in his palm that contained the matchless blade qi blew out. then with a faint suck, the already purified droplet of blood went into his mouth again, once again transforming into pure yuan qi, perfectly compatible with his own body. He did not waste any of the power in his body.

A piercing gaze that was like it had substance, shot out explosively from Lin Zheng's eyes

Ye Qingyu, seeing this scene, knew it was not a good sign.

This fellow was about to explode.

As expected, the next instant, an abnormal change occurred.

A energy fluctuation like a turbulence of chaos exploded from Lin Zheng's body. The white tiger on his shoulder let out a roar, having the stance of wanting to leap through the air. On the body of the white tiger, there were instantly hundreds upon hundreds of large and small parts that flickered with a piercing silver light. It was as if it was a formation array that was inexplicably mysterious. A terrifying energy was fluctuating in its body.

The next instant, the different silver light parts of different shapes faintly shuddered. Like swallows returning to the nest, it landed and stuck on the skinny body of Lin Zheng.

The white tiger had turned into armour.

Every silver part was a part of the [White Tiger Armour] after it had turned into armour.

These silver parts were like it was alive. It instantly covered Lin Zheng's body, combining together and becoming the true [White Tiger Armour].

When the silver light had not entirely faded away, one could faintly see a mysterious and noble white armour appearing on Lin Zheng's body.  Intricately shaped, it was filled with an extremely beautiful and artistic aura, as if it was a dream-like work of art. As for Lin Zheng's head, it turned into a saintly and fierce head of a white tiger.

"Hou!"

An ear shattering tiger's roar emitted from this White Tiger's head.

Lin Zheng's figure turned into white light that instantly came before Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu's spirit madly shuddered. Nearly subconsciously, the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike] once again struck out, as well as the [Protection of Heaven and Earth] from the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King]. A layer of mysterious and pure golden light, like an ancient deity of the Ancient Ages protecting him, appeared around his body. At the same time, there was a strange power that appeared, which slowed down Lin Zheng's speed.

Boom!

The Crepe Myrtle sword impacted on the fist that Lin Zheng struck out with.

The fist was covered with a white tiger claw armoured glove.

The Ye Qingyu, who was at the [Third Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] was once again sent flying out...

After all, the difference between the martial cultivation of the two was like a massive ravine between them. Even if Ye Qingyu possessed numerous divine techniques, it was very difficult for him to truly fight a battle with the Right Minister, Lin Zheng. If not for his miraculous battle techniques, it was likely that one of his fists would have completely killed him.

His position was high and mighty. Although in many years, he had not personally acted and fought to kill, but the experience of Lin Zheng was still rich and varied.

In such an important event, he acted with the mindset of a tiger trying to capture a rabbit. He did not underestimate the enemy in the least.

But after sending Ye Qingyu flying out with one move,  the tiger head face of Lin Zheng had  shock flitting by in his face.

He had armourfied the [White Tiger Armour] because he wanted to neutralize the power of Ye Qingyu to seal of his power with his sword.

But through this exchange of blows, Lin Zheng instantly realized that his method had failed.

There was a strange power held in Ye Qingyu's sword. As soon as one made contact with it, it would have the strange effect of sealing the power of the opponents. This was not only targeted at the spirit of the [White Tiger  Armour]. After it had changed into the form of a battle armour, it would, through the armour, impact upon his own body.

Could this really be a type of divine technique?

Even if it was a temporary moment where his power was sealed off, it could perhaps create potentially serious and fearful consequences.

"Kill!"

Qin Zhishui once again struck out with his blade.

The blade qi was like a rainbow, completely dazzling the night skies, incomparably brilliant.

Dugu Quan as well as Ouyang Buping also acted in unison at this moment.

Dugu Quan spat out a jade green pill the size of a dragon's eye from his mouth. This was namely his pill that was tied his life, it was a high class Spirit Pills that he treated extremely preciously.

A Spirit Pill was different from those medicinal pills that could only be used to treat injuries or illnesses. At the same time, it also possessed the power to kill one's opponents.

This Jade Green pill was known as the [Jade Green Tree Pill]. It contained an endless and limitless life power of it. The pill was originally an ancient demon tree that Dugu Quan had coincidentally obtained in the past. After hundreds of years, it had always been nourished in his dantian, a fact that only a few knew about.

As this crucial moment, the Pill God of Snow Empire did not hide anymore.

He acted with his full power in his first strike.

Under the control of Dugu Quan, the pill suddenly let out an acute explosion. It turned into the shape of an ancient tree, landing on the ground. The leaves reached to the sky, shrouding the heavens and the sun, incomparably vast. Green vine after green vine began rapidly growing and extending underneath the ground and on the surface, like green ancient dragons. With the speed and momentum of lightning, it headed for the Right Minister, Lin Zheng and surrounded him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 452:


Chapter 472, Utterly defeated

The Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping’s attacks were out of the ordinary.

He silently stood still, his eyes slightly closed.

But a plume of invisible, colourless and odourless toxin was emitted from the bottom of his feet, fusing together with the surrounding environment and atmosphere, quietly wrapping around Right Minister Lin Zheng.

A doctor can heal, but also can kill.

Ouyang Buping’s medical skill had long reached the peak level.

He spends his time with medicinal herbs all day long, and had seen many highly toxic ingredients and the very purest of herbs on the earth.

This colourless and odourless [Immortal Soul Scatter Powder] was the most toxic material between heaven and earth. It was a trump card that had taken him several painstaking years to develop. It is said that even an immortals soul would fly and scatter if poisoned. Although an exaggeration, the confidence that Ouyang Buping had in this toxin was evident.

Later he got the six ancient symbols from Ye Qingyu, and intensively researched and cultivated with Duqu Quan day and night. Using the true secret technique to activate the [Immortal Soul Scatter Powder], it could now be said to be a matchless mysterious technique.

Ye Qingyu steadied his body before roaring while administering another attack.

Four great experts were jointly attacking the Right Minister.

The experts of the two large soldier camps were also fighting at close quarters.

The scene immediately entered the most tragic and fierce period.

The side of the [Light Palace] was in an absolute inferior position.

Whether it was the elite experts or the number of people, they cannot be compared to Right Ninister’s side.

Only a few minutes have passed, yet Ye Qingyu, Qin Wushuang, Divine Doctor, and Pill God, these four people all had their battle robes soaked in blood, sustaining quite severe injuries. Under the storm-like attacks of Right Minister Lin Zheng, they bitterly attempted to withstand and were gradually pushed back...

The experts who came as reinforcements were also severely wounded.

In the eyes of ordinary people, the immortal-like experts that could soar into the sky and down underground anytime, at this moment, their lives were as worthless as weeds. Every second there were experts killed, every moment there were lives falling.

Regardless of the final outcome of this battle, for the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was undoubtedly a big catastrophe. Experts of various sects, as long as they had a bit of reputation, had all appeared today in the City of Light, frantically fighting and killing in this millstone-like Asura purgatory, until death...

The loss of every martial artist’s life was a disastrous loss to the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

With the death of every martial artist of the Human Race, their strength would weaken.

Even some secret techniques and skills would be directly lost.

For the other races, this was undoubtedly great news.

“Pugh...” Qin Zhishui was sent flying.

His whole right shoulder blade was crushed by a punch from Right Minister Lin Zheng, almost losing the power to fight again.

Duqu Quan’s [Jade Green Tree Pill] had lost the bright jade luster from before, transforming into an ancient giant devil tree and also beginning to wither. The speed of which it extended its branches and vines was much slower than before. Duqu Quan had endured too much force, and adding to this the life spirit pill was damaged, his injury was not light and there was blood seeping out from his mouth.

Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping’s [Immortal Soul Scatter Powder] at this time was also almost depleted.

Given the cultivation base of Right Minister Lin Zheng, even if something was colourless and odourless, as long as it was dangerous to him, there would be an alert triggered in him. The mental state, cultivation and intuition of Heaven Ascension experts are at a profound level, absolutely unimaginable for the average person.

Although Lin Zheng could not see the [Immortal Soul Scatter Powder] he was able to perceive its presence.

If it wasn’t for Ouyang Buping using the six ancient characters within the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to activate and control this [Immortal Soul Scatter Powder], Lin Zheng would have most likely destroyed him.

And Ye Qingyu was worse.

He was almost beaten into a bloody person.

There were scars all over him, several pieces of the sky dragon scales had shattered, grown again, and then destroyed. His bones had been fractured many times and were rapidly healed at the expense of inner yuan qi and the activation of the [True Will of the Sky Dragon].

At this time, the foundation of 100 Spirit springs that Ye Qingyu had arranged were showing an unbelievable effect.

Although the number of 100 Spirit springs, compared to the usual 90 Spirit springs of other genius martial artist, was only higher by 10 Spirit springs, but the profound meaning in martial arts cultivation was definitely not weighed by quantity.

As the saying goes, there were ten arts of the Great Dao but only nine was used. One was left unused because one was the fate of Heaven.

There was a flaw in the great Dao, so living creatures in the world demanded perfection in everything, and instead receive faults.

100 Spirit springs is the perfection of the Spirit spring stage, which was incredibly difficult to achieve.

There have been countless geniuses with excellent qualifications and nature that had forcibly pursued 100 Spirit springs, but instead triggered divine punishment and caused demons to arise in their hearts.

This even more highlighted the power of 100 Spirit springs.

Ye Qingyu, through a fateful coincidence, received opportunities that countless people dared not to think, and also because of the mysterious nameless breathing technique, he was able to achieve this step.

In his previous battles, he basically only occupied the upper hand or had not fallen into a disadvantageous position. Therefore he did not realize that the 100 Spirit springs were so terrifying.

Especially after entering the Bitter Sea stage, it seemed that the Spirit springs in the dantian world had no effect.

But today’s battle with the Right Minister was a bitter struggle that Ye Qingyu had never experienced before, and even jointly attacking with several other powerful forces, he was pushed to his limit.

The Ye Qingyu at this time, seen as the most threatening person to Right Minister Lin Zheng, was heavily struck and badly beaten. His injuries were so serious that even if Aunt Lan and Little Grass saw him they would not be able to recognize him.

Among the four men, he was under unprecedented pressure.

But this kind of pressure also completely triggered Ye Qingyu’s full potential.

The 100 Spirit springs reflected the value of Ye Qingyu’s inner yuan, endless, constantly growing and multiplying, as if would never be fully consumed.

Later, even Aunt Heng, who had been observing the battle, had joined the battle circle.

The five people fought together, yet were still subdued by Right Minister Lin Zheng.

“Why is it like that? The strength of Lin Zheng is so terrifying, his strength has reached the beginner stages of the Heaven Ascension boundary. Logically speaking, this power would trigger the divine punishment of Heaven Wasteland Domain. However, even till now, why has the divine punishment not fallen yet?”

Ye Qingyu was again struck flying, his lower backbone broken, and the intense pain submerged him in a heavy crash on the ground, and his mind surfaced with such question.

Before, the reason that God General Cong, Wen Wan, Ximen Yeshui and other people chose to enter the battlefield of the peak of the ninth heaven was to avoid the divine punishment befalling.

This divine punishment - the more powerful the martial artist was, the more one would be afraid.

But now Lin Zheng, with the strength of the beginner stage of Heaven Ascension boundary, had forcibly restrained the five great experts for more than half an hour. His attacks were more and more tyrannical, as though without the slightest fear of divine punishment befalling.

“It’s the power of the [White tiger armour], a tool of fate. It is born from the will of living creatures of the world, does not trigger chaos and disorder, and can be unaffected by the effect of divine punishment...”

A voice came from behind.

It was old Commander Li Guangbi, his armour covered in blood stains. He had finally regained consciousness, the wounds on his chest had not healed and the blood holes were a shocking sight, but he still forcibly endured and came out.

And by his side, Left Minister Qu Hanshan also appeared with serious injuries.

These two people were experts of the high level of the Bitter Sea boundary, had a profound cultivation base, and with deep solid foundations. Even though they had sustained severe injuries they were able to withstand.

Flowing light flickered.

The two men joined the battle circle.

“Old commander, be careful,” someone could not help but to remind loudly.

Li Guangbi laughed, the black iron sword in his hand was buzzing and vibrating, and his whole person had suddenly returned to the state of his peak period, letting his wound to rupture, blood spurting out like a fountain, and charging over at Right Minister Lin Zheng like a fierce lion...

And Qu Hanshan was descending at Ouyang Buping’s side, the white ferule in his hand, containing an equally remarkable ability and similar formidable power, was administering an attack once again...

All of a sudden, the seven great experts were together attacking Right Minister Lin Zheng himself.

But even so, Ye Qingyu and the others were still in an inferior position.

Lin Zheng, whose strength was activated to the peak, although had a skinny physique and was not tall, wielding the [White tiger Armour], his defense was close to invincible. He was shrouded in fierce silver flames, like a fiendgod, his each and every move and attack was surging with a formidable and undefendable power. Among Ye Qingyu and the other six people, there were no one able to defend against one of his attacks, and could only dodge to one side.

“Kill.”

There were bursts of bellowing.

Qin Zhishui was again sent flying.

This time his arms were broken, his body almost shattered into two pieces from one punch of Lin Zheng. He looked like he had just crawled out of a pool of blood as he heavily slammed into the crowd and lost consciousness...

“Young master!”

“Young City Lord!”

The experts of Matchless Blade City, upon seeing this scene, all screamed out loud, quickly broke away from their respective battles and surrounded Qin Zhishui to protect him.

Qu Hanshan was the second to be sent flying.

The ruler in his hand was incessantly emitting cracking sounds, as though would it fracture at any time, and on the surface of his body were cracks all over, much more than the ruler, giving people the feeling that he was a pot which would shatter and collapse at any moment.

The experts of the Left Minister’s residence also came darting over, protecting him in the first moment.

Ye Qingyu, having transformed into a dragon, was battling at lightning speed.

Among the seven people, he was under the most intense pressure, he could be said as the main strength of their party. All the bones all over his body most likely had been broken at least once. Without the recovery speed of the [True Will of the Sky Dragon], he most likely would have limped on the ground already, needing at least 4 or 5 days to recover.

“It’s almost time...”

Within the eyes of Lin Zheng, there was a strange expression flashing across.

He suddenly abandoned the battle with the several great experts and head-on received the dragon fist attack of Ye Qingyu. His entire body, like lightning, instantly came to below the Light Palace.

“Old bastard, get lost!”

Fatty Wang Lijin roared, shooting out one arrow, breaking into three. The three broken armoured arrows were shot out in the air in the shape of the word ‘pin’, targeting the three biggest flaws of Lin Zheng’s body.

The fatty’s archery skill was matchless.

Even with Lin Zheng’s abilities, he was also locked in place, unable to avoid.

But he completely paid no attention to the three arrows, was still as before depending on the defensive force of the [White tiger Armour] to forcibly endure the power of the attack. He merely stumbled back one step, throwing out a punch, and a giant white tiger image was bursting forth from his fist.

This was the most powerful blow that Right Minister Lin Zheng had struck ever since he made an appearance today.

The target of his fist attack was not the fatty.

It was the hundreds of light soldiers that were firmly guarding the suspended steps.

“Watch out...”

Ye Qingyu cried out.

The several hundreds of soldiers of the light camp directly took the blow of this fist, and instantly, the hundreds of people felt a monstrous killing intent, like a sharp blade cutting across their skin.

“Defend!”

The leader of the soldiers bellowed.

The voice was as loud as a brass bell, so loud that even the deaf could hear, with an iron-like determination.

A mysterious battle formation was activated, the hundreds of people as though they shared a mind, simultaneously roared, like a power had erupted out from an impenetrable defense, colliding into this punch.

Boom!

Among the frightening explosive power, soot and dust rocketed.

Among the fluttering dust and smoke were the figures of the soldiers of the light camp.

The mysterious formation of hundreds of soldiers and the combination of force were still unable to defend against the earth-shattering punch of Right Minister Lin Zheng.

In the following second, like lightning-like figure of the Right Minister unexpectedly came to the bottom of the Light Palace, punching out once again, exploding the base of the Light Palace------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

