Chapter 533:


Chapter 553, The evil of Heaven Wasteland

Behind the Greater One Sect spiritual master, on both the left and right sides stood the other headmasters of the other peaks of Greater One Sect, similarly giving off a heavenly beauty and an imposing manner, which seemed like an illusion from afar. They were all overlord-level existences that had cultivated to a terrifying degree.

The top-level existences of Greater One Sect had finally all appeared.

For many of the martial artists of Clear River Domain, it was the first time seeing all eight Greater One Sect’s headmasters appearing at the same time. The eight great experts were like immortals, earning everyone’s respect and admiration at one glance.

Ye Qingyu saw them from a distant floating peak and was still awed by the presence of these people.

“Greater One Sect is called the overlord sect of Clear River Domain, its foundation indeed should not be underestimated. The eight peak headmasters are all absolutely powerful experts. These eight people, if any one of them was in Heaven Wasteland Domain, they most likely will be called the strongest expert... Well, there is still the mysterious and unfathomable Yu Junhan that can fight against them. Even in Clear River Domain, if placed in the other sects, they would be a patriarch-level existence, but there are actually eight of them in Greater One Sect.”

Ye Qingyu couldn’t help sighing inwardly.

But his eyes did not stay on the eight martial arts overlords for too long of a time. Instead, they were scanning around, gradually feeling a little anxious.

“From the news that Little Nine had gathered, Greater One Sect will bring Xing’er to the scene of the Storm Sword Meeting, but she has not appeared yet. Is there a change of plan?

As Ye Qingyu was imagining all sorts of ideas in his mind, the present situation was changing once again.

A flash of golden light.

Greater One Sect’s Patriarch, Greater One Spiritual Master came onto the platform.

On the huge Storm Platform, he stood by himself.

At this very moment, the Greater One Spiritual Master, who stood straight as a sword, clothes fluttering, and long billowing sleeves, was exuding the aura of an immortal. It was as if he had seized the colours of the world and the gazes all around, extremely remarkable and confident.

“The ancient bell had rung, the wind and clouds are rising again. 100 years had passed by in the blink of an eye. The grand event of my Clear River Domain, the opening day of the Storm Sword Duel gathering has arrived. This time, thanks to the support of all martial artists, my Greater One Sect will be hosting this event. I, on behalf of the entire Greater One Sect, thank you all for coming such a long way to participate in this event!”

Greater One Spiritual Master had a divine demeanour like that of a celestial being, with a faint smile on his face.

As his words faded, he slightly raised his hand to express his thanks.

His voice, like an ethereal sound, was clearly passed to the ears of every person present.

Greater One Spiritual Master’s words were said with a warm smile and a brief thanks, but it contained a disinterested majesty, like a lord of immortals. It could not help but make one submit oneself to his rule.

“Huh? This... is a consciousness interference method?

Ye Qingyu sensed that something was wrong.

In such an occasion, Greater One Spiritual Master unexpectedly dared risk condemnation from the world to use a mental secret technique to silently control and influence the mood of the people around. Was he not afraid of the experts realizing and being criticized?

It was evident what sort of extent that the arrogance of Greater One Sect had reached.

This also explained why Shaohua Chen, a core elite disciple of Greater One Sect, who logically speaking should have undergone important training, for someone whose martial arts cultivation should had reached a certain level, he should be mature and know how to respect people. But in front of other people he acted so arrogant and domineering, and dared do whatever he wanted.

Even the graceful, celestial-being-like Greater One Spiritual Master was also like this. Fundamentally, this sect from top to bottom had been accustomed to being overbearing and arrogant.

Ye Qingyu suddenly remembered that, when he had just come to Clear River Domain, the Prince of the Demon Spider Race addressed the Greater One Spiritual Master as Greater One fake master.

It seemed that this was not baseless slander.

His appraisal of Greater One Spiritual Master had worsened by a lot.

And his disgust for Greater One Sect had deepened by another layer.

Ye Qingyu quietly operated the nameless breathing technique, clearing his mind instantly, like a monk entering into a meditative state. He silently eliminated the coercive power from Greater One Spiritual Master’s words.

Hu Bugui and the others around him all seemed very calm. Evidently they were not blinded by the power of his words.

And Ye Qingyu was sure that, among the tens of thousands of experts present, there must be some people that would sense something was wrong and exercise powers to resist. But there will also be people being manipulated. Even if they do not submit to his wishes, they will worship this Greater One Sect’s Headmaster, planting a seed of veneration in their hearts.

……

On the Storm Platform.

Greater One Spiritual Master continued with his speech.

“In the past hundred years, in Clear River Domain, the wind and clouds surge, but blood never stopped shedding. Each sect has accumulated a lot of enmity and the killing has never stopped. It is really unbearable. Thousands of years ago, a former sage of Clear River Domain had established the tradition of settling enmity on the Storm Platform. Since the Storm Platform has reappeared, we must respect the tradition, and end all enmity once and for all on the Storm Platform. Each sect and faction can draw up a battle contract and fight to death. After the battle on Storm Platform, no matter who lives or dies, the disciples and all people can no longer seek revenge.”

Ending enmity on the Storm Platform was indeed a rule and tradition that had been circulating in Clear River Domain for thousands of years.

For as long as they can remember, people have been using the Storm Platform as a place for a duels of life and death.

Later, the wind prevailed. When the head of the Storm Sect was still in charge of the Storm Platform, they received the inheritance of the domain. Later, when Greater One Sect destroyed the Storm Sect and seized the Storm Platform, they intentionally promoted this continued tradition. So ever since nearly one thousand years ago, the Storm Sword Duel gathering had gradually become the grand event that all major forces of the whole Clear River Domain acknowledged and paid attention to.

Greater One Sect’s painstaking efforts also gradually received returns.

But at this point, Greater One Spiritual Master suddenly changed topic.

“The tradition of the domain obviously cannot be forgotten, but this Storm Sword Duel is different from the past, because this time there is a more serious problem in Clear River Domain that urgently needs to be resolved.”

Greater One Spiritual Master brushed his long silver beard, dust gently floated about in the air, and an invisible, imposing force suddenly silenced the crowd.

The incessant noise and clamour was abruptly halted.

“Just a few months ago, a disciple of my Greater One Sect participated in the Heavenly Gate training, and was hunted by the Demon Spider Race and accidentally strayed into a new domain...” Greater One Spiritual Master spoke to here, then paused for a moment.

But these words sparked discussion and debate amongst the crowd around the Storm Platform.

“What?” A new domain?”

“What kind of new domain?”

“Would it be like 5,000 years ago when a powerful and evil domain was discovered? Heavens, the former disaster is about to repeat itself, our Clear River Domain is going to suffer the hardship of war again?”

When the people thought of the invasion and war 5000 years ago, which had altered the structure of Clear River Domain, they suddenly felt fearful.

Upon seeing such a scene, there was a faint smile curving the mouth of Greater One Spiritual Master.

He raised his hands, gesturing for calm and quiet, and continued to speak.

“Everyone no need to panic. The discovered domain this time is a new realm that has not yet fully matured, known as Heaven Wasteland Domain. According to my disciples’ report, there are numerous strange beasts and forests in Heaven Wasteland Domain, valuables and rare treasures are also countless. It really is a paradise-like domain.”

Before his voice faded.

The crowd broke into discussions once again.

“ What? A newly formed domain?

“Full of rare treasures?”

“Wouldn’t that mean...”

Some people were gasping for breath.

What does discovering a new domain mean? Even an idiot would understand.

As long they can snatch this domain before the other domains, that is tantamount to having an inexhaustible back garden for harvest, a vast treasury of natural resources. Even if the other allied domains obtained the news in the future, Clear River Domain can still get great benefits.

Greater One Spiritual Master took in the majority of the reactions, a smile surfacing on his face.

He raised his hand and said, “It is only regrettable that such a beautiful and rich domain is currently occupied by some evil spirits. The living creatures in this domain are extremely evil and violent existences. Hundreds of disciples of my Greater One Sect were slaughtered and died tragically in Heaven Wasteland Domain. I am worried that, if these evil sects continue to develop, they will certainly be a huge trouble for our Clear River Domain.”

The voice that contained manipulative power resounded everywhere.

There was immediately a myriad of hot, enthusiastic responses.

“Spiritual Master is right, we cannot sit idly by and watch such evil strengths grow!”

“One word from Spiritual Master, and my Fuding Sect will do our very best to serve you, even at the expense of our lives!”

“How can Heaven Wasteland Domain allow such evil forces to grow stronger, my Thunderbolt Clan will not allow it!”

“Haha, this is the will of the heavens. They are exposing Heaven Wasteland Domain so we can gather together to invade Heaven Wasteland Domain, and destroy the evil creatures of Heaven Wasteland Domain!”

A stone stirs up a thousand ripples.

Voices of awe-inspiring righteousness echoed.

But they were all small sects that were not enough to form a major force.

Other major forces such as the Nangong family, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect and the Sky Demon Palace maintained a strange silence.

In fact, they had long ago received such news, so they were not surprised in the slightest.

Even the Patriarch of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect did not show a trace of shock. Instead, with a ruminative expression, he was looking over at the direction of the Storm Platform, clasping a white-jade cup of tea in his hands and gently stroking the cup with his fingers, like caressing a young woman’s delicate soft skin.

Those who reacted with such intense responses were precisely the little sects. Some were confused by the manipulative power of Greater One Spiritual Master’s words, others were confused by greed, and some were purely trying to get on the good side of Greater One Sect. But the atmosphere around the whole Storm Platform had turned frantic, like some crazy cult followers.

……

Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed a hint of anger.

This Greater One Spiritual Master really was persuasive in speech. He confused right and wrong, and started such rumours and spreaded slander.

He had already guessed that Greater One Sect would target Heaven Wasteland Domain, but at this moment, looking at that crazy devil-like face, Ye Qingyu almost couldn’t suppress his killing intent.

“Hah, what a good sounding excuse, he’s just after the treasures of Heaven Wasteland Domain. If he wants to snatch the treasure then say it, why find such a rotten excuse,” Hu Bugui said disdainfully.

“Yes, sects like Greater One Sect are used to seizing by force!” Liu Shaji, who had not said a word, now had a strange expression on his face, along with an imperceptible resentment at the corner of his eyes.

……

On the Storm Platform.

Greater One Spiritual Master was very satisfied with this reaction.

“It could be worse. It's a fortune out of misfortune. A few months ago the disciples of my Greater One Sect suffered serious injuries in Heaven Wasteland Domain, but we also had some harvest, and captured two members of the evil sects. Although one of them had unfortunately escaped, and has been causing trouble in my Clear River Domain, killing many of my disciples, but the other evil member of Heaven Wasteland Domain is under the control of my Greater One Sect. Now we will bring the demon girl out, to let everyone see.” ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 534:


Chapter 554, Greater One Sect's plot

Greater One Spiritual Master's voice had only faded, when there was another change within the clouds in the northern direction.

A pale blue misty eight-petal lotus gradually formed from nothing, seemingly very slow, but in the blink of an eye, it was already fully grown.

This pale blue lotus seemed as though it had been waiting for a long time, and seemed to be fleeting. Its aura was incomparably strange.

Above the lotus, yuan qi was surging. A raging blue halo of light was forcing the clouds to disperse.

Within thousands of meters, under the cover and protection of the halo of the blue lotus, it had formed a strong and deep blue halo field, bright and dazzling, giving off a glowing light.

Above the lotus petals, eight white-haired elders in long silvery robes that reached the ground were standing with solemn expressions on their faces, wielding a white horsetail whisk that extended out like a chain, spiraling around the blue lotus.

The eight silver-robed elders had their eyes slightly closed, like monks in a meditative state, their aura vigorous yet quiet and still, like a bottomless sea. They were evidently incomparably strong experts.

Although thousands of meters apart, all the people around could still feel the tyrannical strength of the eight silver-robed elders.

Ye Qingyu was also gazing in awe.

The Greater One Sect's foundation really was unfathomable. Even such casual random people were experts.

Just now the evil of Heaven Wasteland that the Greater One Spiritual Master had mentioned should be referring to Xing'er, but why had Xing’er not appeared?

For a while, Ye Qingyu was a little restless.

At this time, above the nearby floating peaks, as expected there were some people shocked to recognize the identity of the several silver-robed elders.

“It is the current eight great supreme guardian elders of Greater One Sect.”

“What, it's them?”

“Isn’t it said that these eight people are dead?”

Someone exclaimed.

From the discussion among these people, Ye Qingyu had a general understanding of the background of the eight silver-robed elders.

It is said that the eight guardian elders of Greater One Sect were dedicated to protect the forbidden areas of Greater One Sectt and only listened to orders from the Greater One Sect Patriarch, Greater One Spiritual Master.

For thousands of years, no one had ever escaped from their hands, and never had anyone been able to save someone or taken things from the eight great guardian elders. These eight people were absolutely powerful old monsters.

“To let these eight monsters appear, what they are guarding this time must be...”

A bad feeling was rising in Ye Qingyu's heart.

Just then, the pale blue misty lotus, drawn by the eight silver-robed elders, came up above  all the experts and headmasters, slowly coming to a stop. The mist of the lotus flower gradually dispersed, and the thing that the petals were guarding cleared up, falling into the eyes of all.

It was a five-meter-high, two-meter-wide blue eight-sided paper lantern.

Each side of the lantern was strengthened with ancient and mysterious formations, and there was a faint golden glow above the strange formations. Under the lifelike runes was a golden lotus flower blossoming, a strange totem that had formed from the past thousands of years of the Greater One Spiritual Master repeatedly instilling and superimposing yuan qi and formations.

The top most part of the lantern was an eight-sided illusory top, and each side of the illusory top was a rune formation set up by each of the eight elders. Above the prism, wind, fire, lightning and different images were fiercely wandering about. Even the Greater One Sect’s Patriarch, Greater One Spiritual Master, would find it difficult to shake the force of imprisonment in the slightest.

And the lotus flame in the lantern was more magical. In addition to being able to suppress all the forces of the prisoner, if the flames sensed an external attack, and the oil-paper prism formation was destroyed, then the originally calm Clear Lotus Flames will blaze fiercely and fully engulf the person trapped inside, thereby destroying their consciousness in an instant.

This Clear Lotus Flame lantern was one of the eight great treasures of Greater One Sect.

Taiyi Divine Lantern.

“You see, the one imprisoned in this divine lantern is the demon girl from Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

As Greater One Spiritual Master's voice faded, the Clear Lotus Flame lantern, like being stripped of a layer of paper, was gradually becoming somewhat transparent.

Inside of the lantern, a faint blue fire like an eight-petal lotus flower was blooming in the middle of the lantern, its flame wrapping around a young woman who sat cross legged inside, wearing a yellow cotton dress.

The woman within the flames kept her head down low, her hair disheveled and hung over her shoulders.

Her sleeves and dress were marked with slashes of swords, and the bloodstains on her skin under the dress were faintly discernible.

It was clear that the circumstance that the yellow-robed girl was in was not particularly good. She had even been through torture and had injuries all over her body.

But she sat quietly within the flames of the lantern, seemingly unaware she had been captured, without any panic or fear.

Under the illumination of the blue light, the young girl's face was without fear and indifferently calm.

Her eyes under her long shapely brows were still clear and bright like a deep clear spring. Even her dust and dirt covered face could not mask her beauty and inconspicuous aura of majesty.

The moment the oil lantern cleared up, it was as if something had guided her. The woman in yellow suddenly noticed something.

She suddenly looked up distantly in the direction of Ye Qingyu.

Even if her five senses were closed off, her eyes were still flickering with a faint light like the first glimmer of dawn.

The corners of her mouth curved in an imperceptible smile.

Like a gentle spring breeze was caressing her face, it was more beautiful and ethereal.

……

“Xing’er...”

Ye Qingyu was frightened and angry and happy at the same time.

He finally saw her again.

Seeing the girl that was wrapped in blue lotus flames suddenly looking in his direction, Ye Qingyu's pupils were like ink, his face suddenly growing serious with an insuppressible guilt.

If it was not his carelessness that he temporarily settled Xing'er in Clear Lotus Peak to train, she would not be cut up like fish and meat on someone’s chopping board. It was because of the fact that Xing'er believed in him that she had to suffer so much.

In that moment, Ye Qingyu almost got up to save her.

But in the end his mind forcibly held him back.

At this time Old Fish was looking over in the direction of the Clear Lotus Flame lantern, expressionless, and also fell into deep thoughts.

The closest Nan Tieyi was the first to feel the abnormal fluctuation of Ye Qingyu's yuan qi.

Nan Tieyi looked over at Ye Qingyu's face, noticing that Brother Tian Huang, who was considered deep and stable usually, revealed a trace of fury. Could Brother Tian Huang have some sort of connection with the girl from Heaven Wasteland Domain?

Although the Immortal God Emperor Sect seemed to have retired from the Jianghu of Clear River Domain, but the deep foundation it had accumulated over thousands of years had penetrated deeply into every place of Clear River Domain. Every trade will have some people that were under the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

Through this pervasive information network, even matters of the outside world, there was almost nothing that can escape the scouts of Immortal God Emperor Sect.

However, for many years, Nan Tieyi had never heard of the slightest news about the Thunder and Lightning Sect.

It was like they appeared out of nowhere, a sect created from nothing.

What kind of connection would he have with her?

As Nan Tieyi was deep in thought, his eyes unavoidably grew a bit more puzzled.

Hu Bugui also became aware of the changes in Ye Qingyu, and clapped his palm upon his shoulder.

“Brother Tian Huang, that day when you helped the tea female disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect, I already knew you are a person that shows pity and tenderness to women, and someone that stands up for justice. Today, this bunch of fools treated a weak woman like that, let alone Brother Tian Huang, even I cannot stand it.”

Hu Bugui said with such a righteous and imposing appearance, which made Ye Qingyu feelinevitably shocked.

But he immediately understood the real meaning of Hu Bugui's words.

He was saying that no matter what he does, he would help him.

Ye Qingyu couldn't help but feel deeply moved.

As the greatest sect of Clear River Domain, Greater One Sect posed as a sect of high morals, but was actually a gang of selfish bandits. On the contrary, Hu Bugui, the greatest thief in Jianghu, upheld justice and was loyal to friends.

Ye Qingyu smiled, nodded, and did not say anything more.

At the same time, the crowds on the floating peaks broke into clamour.

The demon girl of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the eight guardian elders and the Clear Lotus Flame lantern had all appeared at the same time, setting off the first wave of the Storm Sword Duel and endless discussions.

“I didn't expect Greater One Sect to ask the eight guardian elders to watch over the demon girl of Heaven Wasteland. Could it be that the evil sects of Heaven Wasteland are this powerful?”

“I am afraid it is not so simple. Today, all major sects of Clear River Domain are in attendance. I think it is to prevent unexpected changes to have these eight guardian elders here.”

“You’re right. There is the possibility of the people with malicious intent coming to rescue the demon girl of Heaven Wasteland and ally with other evil forces of Heaven Wasteland. “

“I don't think so, perhaps it is to prevent the other evil member of Heaven Wasteland Domain from coming to the rescue.”

“Right, didn't they capture two people. One escaped and has been causing chaos in Clear River Domain, and had harmed many female disciples.”

“I thought it would be a very powerful person, I did not expect the evil of Heaven Wasteland Domain to be a 17- to 18-year-old girl.”

“Look the girl is extraordinarily beautiful, perhaps she is an important figure of a demon sect in Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

“Just a woman, but Greater One Sect has confined her in a divine object and under such strict guard. It most likely is not to prevent her escaping but to prevent people outside having any intentions of taking her.”

“I think so too, Clear Lotus Flame instantly destroys one’s consciousness. If someone tries to forcibly rescues her, they will be burned alive.”

“Unexpectedly, there is such an attractive woman in Heaven Wasteland Domain. It seems that this baby-like Heaven Wasteland Domain must not be underestimated. “

“Who cares about this woman. Heaven Wasteland Domain most likely has countless rare treasures and cultivation manuals, otherwise it would not have attracted the attention off the Greater One Sect, Nangong family, and Sky Demon Palace.”

Among the crowd there were many that understood the situation.

At this time, Heaven Wasteland Domain was like a large basin filled with valuables. The people present, as long as they were not fools, all hoped to have a share. Let alone rare treasures or secret manuals, even being able to grab some foreign objects would be very fortunate.

Nangong Jue looked at the Clear Lotus Flame lantern and the woman in yellow, and turned to the elder beside him to whisper something in his ears, like he was discussing something.

Sky Demon Palace master propped his chin up on his hand, a strange smiling expression faintly discernible on his face.

And ever since the woman in yellow had appeared, the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect with the gold-plated mask wore a strange look in his eyes, flickering with a trace of unease, and his breathing also became slightly unstable.

Sitting beside him, the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect master had also sensed this, without turning his back, he used a secret code to directly pass on his message through the power of yuan qi.

“Do you recognize the person on the platform?”

“No, master, I don't know her.” “

The eyes under the gold-plated mask were still fixed on the woman in the Clear Lotus Flame, but the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect remained calm, without any emotions.

“Oh.” The sect master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect uttered faintly, without saying anything else.

On another floating peak, the young men and women of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect had formed a layer of hazy boundary around the floating peak. At this moment only their mouths could be seen opening and closing, but others could not hear what they were talking about.

On a nearby floating peak to Ye Qingyu and the others, the female disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect also felt sympathy for the woman in yellow inside the flame lantern.

“I did not expect the evil of Heaven Wasteland Domain that everyone says had to be punished to be such a pretty and pure-looking girl.”

“Yes, such a beautiful girl, she does not look like someone from an evil sect.”

“Look there are scars all over her body, she must have suffered a lot of injuries...”

Shen Menghua turned to the junior sisters behind, sighing lightly.

She shook her head and said, “Sister, remember you can’t judge a person by their appearance. Look at the evil spirits of Heaven Desire Demon Sect that commit any imaginable crime and had tormented hundreds of our sisters, they still have the appearance of a scholar or a lady.”

“Menghua is right.” The middle-aged beautiful woman who was whispering to Shen Menghua before, the elder of Hundred Spirits Sect in charge of refining pills, Bai Zhili turned around to look at the disciples.

“5,000 years ago the Central Domain Gate of Clear River Domain was broken through by a strong force. An evil force invaded Clear River Domain, and the Immortal God Court fought back with all their strength, setting off a bloody war. The whole domain fell into the enemy’s hands, people were in a terrible situation. And those villains were not ugly people, rather each had an extraordinary appearance and body.”

Some people had a wicked face but a kind heart.

Some people posed as a person of high morals, but actually behaved in a sinister and brutal way, and committed evils at will.

Bai Zhili said no more after this.

Her line of sight shifted to the Storm Platform.

……

On the Storm Platform.

Greater One Spiritual Master smiled faintly.

Everything was going according to his plan.

“This demon girl is an evil of Heaven Wasteland, everyone must not be deceived by her looks. In her body hides the space-time coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain. We brought her out to tell the people of Clear River Domain that Greater One Sect will absolutely not keep Heaven Wasteland to ourselves but wants to sincerely cooperate with all the sects of Clear River Domain in order to get rid of the evil spirits of Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

The Greater One Spiritual Master spoke in a vehement and imposing tone of voice.

He immediately won the applause of the crowd.

Many of the sects and experts that had long been affiliated with Greater One Sect were even more loudly cheering on.

Greater One Spiritual Master pushed his palms down to request silence, before he continued, “Of course, how to deal with the evil of Heaven Wasteland can be discussed later. Now the most important thing is the Storm Sword Duel. First of all, let’s give the stage for any sects that have enmity to settle. After all the grievances are resolved, we will put this demon girl on trial, and then we will decide the number of sects to enter Heaven Wasteland Domain based on a martial arts competition.”

The Greater One Spiritual Master brandished the horsetail whisk in his hand.

The next moment, the Greater One Spiritual Master was seated on a white jade lotus flower at a nearby floating peak.

The lotus seat that had its own halo of light was flickering with a faint jade glow, with Greater One Spiritual Master sitting inside, like a pure lotus in full bloom on the riverside.

The other main peak masters, one after another, took a seat on a slightly smaller lotus. The petals of each lotus were matching with the name of each lotus eight peaks, and different thin, mist-like air currents were whirling all around the seats, extraordinary and ethereal.

Behind the Greater One Spiritual Master and the several headmasters, were the eight guardian elders still calmly floating in midair around the Clear Lotus Flame lantern, with a halo of blue light field around, wrapped in radiating brilliance——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 535:


Chapter 555, The Blood Rainstorm (1)

On the floating peak left side of the Storm Platform.

One of the headmasters of the eight peaks, the successor of the Snow Lotus Peak, Liu Xuezong stepped into the air, arriving on the Storm Platformin the blink of an eye.

The Snow Lotus Peak master mainly cultivated Snow Lotus qi, and all people that do have silvery hair and a cold air revolving around their body.

Liu Xuezong's appearance was extremely strange, which resulted from his years long cultivation of Snow Lotus qi. He was as pale as paper, and even his eyebrows were suffused with a faint white light, giving others the feeling that he had just came out of a thousand year old iceberg.

“I am Liu Xuezong, the 18th generation successor of the Snow Lotus Peak. Today, I have been appointed by the teachers and the major sects to preside over the Storm Sword Duel. Please forgive me if there is something not satisfactory.”

Every time the Storm Sword Duel gathering was held, a person with the right status will be nominated to serve as the host.

The Greater One Spiritual Master’s status and position, of course, will not be looked down upon.

And Greater One Sect will never give the position of the host, such an important role, to an outsider

Therefore Snow Lotus Peak Liu Xuezong was the host of this Storm Sword Duel gathering

Liu Xuezong had made a name for himself at his early years. In Clear River Domain he was also an extremely prominent person. Whether it was based on power or status, he was the best candidate. Adding to this, he was the headmaster of one of the eight peaks, so for him to act as the host of this event, the outsiders could not say anything.

“Everyone, the tradition of the ancient sages is to battle to the death on the platform. Anyone can challenge their enemies, take their revenge, and wipe out the hatred from their heart. There's just one little thing, once the grudge has been settled, one must not seek revenge after today's battle. Otherwise no matter who that person is, what status they have, or what identity they have, Greater One Sect will uphold justice and chase them down for thousands of miles! Anybody have any objection?”

Liu Xuezong's strength was clearly profound, his voice resounded like rolling thunder, containing an indescribable majesty as it vibrated in the surroundings.

For a while, the crowd did not dare oppose.

Liu Xuezong continuously asked three times, and no one objected.

“Well then, the event has officially started, who wants to go on the platform?”

Liu Xuezong swept his eyes around.

There was a brief and strange silence on the floating peaks around the platform.

The low cries of the birds and beasts thousands of miles away, and the rustle of the wind through the leaves and grass around the floating peaks, became distinctly clear.

“Sky Wind Mountain’s Yue Zifeng will be the first one to go on the platform.”

A vigorous voice suddenly pierced the quiet sky, attracting the attention of the crowd.

A round headed and big-eared expert jumped up from a floating peak dozens of miles away from the Storm Platform.

The man was burly and tall, strong as a bull, on his face was a vertical sword scar that spreaded from his right eye to the corners of his mouth, and his hands were clasping a mysterious iron double-hammer.

Before his voice faded.

He had turned into a stream of flowing light, landing on the platform.

He was the first person to ascend the platform today.

Ye Qingyu focused his eyes upon the platform.

Yue Zifeng cupped one fist in the other, both his arms were unproportionally long, and his finger joints were large and abnormal.

The mysterious iron hammer that seemed as heavy as a mountain was evidently not an ordinary object. The heavy hammer and its handle blended seamlessly without the slightest gap. The mysterious iron was engraved with a strange rune totem and whirling around the totem was a faint blue light.

“Li Yuanqing of Xu Hua Sect, you want to be a turtle!”

Yue Zifeng raised the long hammer, pointing to the distance.

There was an uproar.

“Is that descendant of Sky Wind Mountain crazy. He wants to challenge the master of Xu Hua Sect, who is ranked in the top 500 of Clear River Domain, Li Yuanqing.”

“Yes, even the Sky Wind Mountain sect master would be ranked in the thousands, this Yue Zifeng is overestimating himself too much.”

“Enmity needs to be settled sooner or later, I heard that 20 years ago the master of Xu Hua Sect Li Yuanqing attacked the Sky Wind Mountain at night in order to snatch the treasure of Sky Wind Mountain, the Mysterious Heaven Iron, and killed and wounded hundreds of disciples. The sect master and his wife were also killed. I thought this Sky Wind Mountain had been wiped out. To think there is still a disciple that survived.”

“Yes, I thought that the Sky Wind Mountain had deteriorated ever since, and would soon disappear from Clear River Domain.”

“In any case, it seems that today this Yue Zifeng is going to die...”

“Hey...”

……

On the Storm Platform.

As the crowd was discussing endlessly, a long green light streaked across the distant sky.

Xu Hua Sect's Li Yuanqing soared into the sky wielding the Mysterious Heaven sword.

The Mysterious Heaven sword was radiating an endless faint light from the sword body, while the formation markings on the point of the sword was flashing a golden light.

As Yue Zifeng saw the Mysterious Heaven sword in the hands of Li Yuanqing, his eyes flashed with hatred and revenge.

“This sword... this is casted from Mysterious Heaven Iron.”

It is said that the Mysterious Heaven Iron guarded by the Sky Wind Mountain for generations weighed 1 million kilograms, and in Clear River Domain it was a rare material for weapons. Even as a block of iron, spirit weapons or swords or axes can hardly damage it.

“Oh, that’s correct, it is precisely a divine sword casted from the divine iron of Sky Wind Mountain. You can't wait to get revenge, right? Unfortunately, you’re too weak. Today I will send you to reunite with your family members with this sword.”

Li Yuanqing chuckled with an oppressive look.

He activated yuan qi as he lifted his right hand to draw across the air, and the sword qi in the air was suddenly spreading rapidly like ripples, imposing and overbearing. The sword qi raged against the boundary walls of the Storm Platform, like a fist striking into cotton, instantly absorbed and swallowed by the walls.

Yue Zifeng looked at the main culprit that stole the treasure of his sect, caused the death of his master and his family, killed his fellow disciple brothers and destroyed the Sky Wind Mountain. Fighting spirit and anger rose in him again.

With a resounding roar, he swung up the double hammer that was erupting with golden light, seemingly bulky, but with the speed of him and the whirling roar, its potential force seemed able to crush the mountains into mud.

“Haha, yes, yes, you are better than your master, but unfortunately you are still no match for me.”

Li Yuanqing swiftly dodged the attack, his speed was too fast for the naked eye to capture, leaving only a shadow and a slightly contemptuous evaluation.

In the distance

Ye Qingyu, looking at the cold light emanating from the armour on the battlefield, and the brutal qi shooting out from Yue Zifeng like golden brilliance, there was a hint of admiration in his eyes.

“Despite knowing the huge difference in strength, he still bravely challenged him. This Yue Zifeng is a real man.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, then immediately his face twisted into an expression of pity.

Unfortunately such a challenge would only lead to death.

On the platform, the battle had begun.

Two golden rays like two balls of flames gushed up from the Storm Platform and collided in the air. It was difficult to tell who was stronger or weaker.

Yue Zifeng’s heavy hammer swung down at the Mysterious Heaven sword, sending the Mysterious Heaven sword trembling.

The Mysterious Heaven sword reacted with a greater counterattack, tearing Yue Zifeng’s hand that was gripping the hammer handle. Bones were immediately exposed and blood came gushing, but was immediately absorbed by the Storm Platform as it dropped down.

Bang!

Li Yuanqing was swift and sharp sighted, instilling yuan qi to lift the Mysterious Heaven sword and thrust it across.

Yue Zifeng did not dodge at all, and unexpectedly charged right towards the Mysterious Heaven sword.

As everyone stood astounded, the sword pierced right through Yue Zifeng’s body. His muscles and flesh were instantly locked in the sword body, but he had come before Li Yuanqing, swinging up the heavy hammer with his remaining strength and smashed it at Li Yuanqing.

Li Yuanqing spurted out a jet of blood, falling to the ground from the aftermath of the blast. Right away his back and chest seemed to have been crushed by a mountain, his heart and lungs were both damaged.

“I said before, the past enmity, one day, I will kill you!”

Yue Zifeng’s chest was pouring out blood as he looked down at Li Yuanqing who had fallen to the ground.

He single-handedly swung his hammer up and mercilessly pounded Li Yuanqing whose face was crossed with fear, panic, and astonishment and was just about to beg for mercy, until Li Yuanqing was smashed into a pool of unrecognizable flesh and blood.

When Li Yuanqing had been crushed into minced flesh, Yue Zifeng was also at the end of his life. The sword had run through his heart, and his internal organs and yuan qi in fact had long been shattered and exhausted. He would not survive.

But he used his death to exchange for the life of his enemy.

It was considered a worthy death for him.

……

On the surrounding floating peaks.

“Hiss...”

“Both sides have suffered.”

“In these 20 years, the Sky Wind Mountain had gathered all the strength of the sect to bring Yue Zifeng to the Storm Platform, and in the end the revenge was a success.”

“Not only have they succeeded in their revenge, but the Xu Huan Sect have lost face.”

“Yes, having been defeated by someone ranked hundreds of places away from him and someone who had been living in seclusion for 20 years, it will be difficult for the Xu Hua Sect to maintain its status.”

“But this Yue Zifeng, it’s a pity, if he had not died then with his courage and perseverance, he may be able to restore the Sky Wind Mountain.”

Hu Bugui and the others had watched the entire battle, and couldn’t help sighing with regret. “I like the temper of that Yue Zifeng.”

“Towards the enemy that took away the treasure of his sect and killed his master and disciple brothers, such a retaliation is a pleasure.” Liu Shaji’s voice contained uncontrollable excitement, and his eyes were indefinitely flickering with flames of hatred as he stared at a direction.

……

On the Storm Platform.

The successor of Xu Hua Sect and two other disciples covered Li Yuanqing’s body with a bright robe. After bowing to the peak masters of Greater One Sect, they left the Storm Sword Duel gathering with Li Yuanqing’s body.

The Snow Lotus Peak’s successor Liu Xuezong was standing in midair on the right side of the Storm Platform.

“The first battle on the Storm Platform, Sky Wind Mountain wins. Is there anyone else who wants to step on the platform?”

Only a short while had passed but the master of Xu Hua Sect that had been standing for hundreds of years had turned into a pool of flesh.

For a moment, the crowds on the other floating peaks did not say a word and were hesitant to stand up.

Once on the platform, life or death was difficult to predict.

“I’ll take the challenge.”

Just as the crowd was nodding their heads despondently, a loud roar resounded and a jade-faced man with a flaming red jade hanging on his forehead and in a red armour was seen jumping onto the Storm Platform wielding a three-meter spear.

“The Master of Thunderbolt Sect, Fu Lingtian, hurry and come to die!”

The man mounted the platform, the point of his spear pointing to a distant place.

“Sigh...”

There was a loud sigh.

The challenged Fu Lingtian appeared.

He who was over 70 years old looked old and clumsy, but his body was healthy and strong, giving off an imposing manner. Thunderbolts and fire clouds were twisting around his armour, which was engraved with a fire cloud totem. He was clasping a one-meter-wide and twometerlong thunder crescent blade with a two-meter-long handle. The crescent blade had been instilled with a thunder formation, blue light emitting from the blade body and thunderbolts were suddenly appearing.

……

“Unexpectedly the master of the Thunderbolt Sect will also be challenged, he is a well known righteous figure of Clear River Domain.”

“The successor of Blazing Flame Sect, Shangguan Jiyun. I remember the master of Blazing FlameSect Shangguan Ao and Fu Lingtian became sword brothers 100 years ago.”

There were many clamorous voices.

“This Fu Lingtain, others may not know, but I know he is a hypocrite, his pretend righteousness disgusts me... Pah, today someone is finally tearing off his mask.”

Hu Bugui looked at Fu Lingtian with contempt.

On the Storm Platform.

Fu Lingtian brushed his half a meter long silver beard, as he looked at Shangguan Jiyun with an amiable smile.

“My good nephew Shangguan, uncle hasen't seen you for a hundred years. If you want to catch up, why come to this platform?”

Shangguan Jiyun’s body was circling with fire clouds, arrogant and overbearing, and the fire cloud jade on his forehead was blazing with a red light.

“Pah, old dog, put away your ugly face, it makes me sick. These 60 years, your fake face has tricked the world. Today on the platform, I will let everyone know your true face. Do you dare to tell the people of Clear River Domain where your Thunderbolt Fire Cloud armour comes from!”

“Naturally your father Shangguan Ao was the one who gave me the treasure.” Fu Lingtian did not panic, still brushing his beard and smiling. There was only an imperceptible light fleeting across his eyes.

“Pah, what nonsense, back then father spent all his life knowledge to work with you to forge and refine this Thunderbolt Fire Cloud armour, but when the armour was completed you poisoned father’s tea, causing my father to be paralyzed his whole life. My father thought he was suffering from bodily damage and could not enjoy the Thunderbolt Fire Cloud armour so he gave it to you. We would have been deceived by you for many more years if it was not for a doctor who was well-versed with the secret poisons of the Thunderbolt Sect. This is what you call brotherly relationships, this is your righteousness? “

Shangguan Jiyun could not control himself, brought his spear heavily on the ground pike and a loud and clear bang echoed through the platform.

“Nephew, where did you hear this rumour, there must be a misunderstanding. Fu Lingtian was calm and composed as before, there was not the slightest change of expression across his face.

“If the issue was not in the past and we have no proof, do you think you would have the status that you have today? Don’t talk nonsense, take this!”

Shangguan Jiyun thrust out his spear, and instantly only two red light shadows were seen striking at one another on the Storm Platform, and the clang of weapons clashing could be heard from time to time.”

……

Ye Qingyu quietly watched the battle on the arena.

The Thunderbolt armour-clad Fu Lingtian brandished his Thunder crescent blade. On the surface, although it seemed that he was defending against the attack of Shangguan Jiyun and did not bear to wound Shangguan Jiyun, in fact each blade was overflowing with murderous intent, setting up a trap, and secretly pursuing to the brutal end. Between his ruthless thoughts and attacks, he was taking in everything at a glance.

“Fu Lingtian’s hypocritical mask has been exposed, most likely he wants to eliminate the source of trouble!”

Ye Qingyu thought.

As expected, the battle very soon came to a close.

“Ah...”

Shangguan Jiyun thundered a solemn and unwilling long roar to the sky. His body that was struck by the crescent blade ruptured into a pool of blood and flesh——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 536:


Chapter 556, Blood Rainstorm (2)

Bang

The spear fell to the ground.

The spear body hit the ground, making a loud noise that resembled a tragic and lonely lament.

Fu Lingtian stood without any expression. Without even taking a look at the corpse on the ground, he left the Storm Platform without the slightest of hesitation.

“This battle, the Thunderbolt Sect wins.”

Liu Xuezong’s emotionless voice resounded through the air, as if everything in front of him could not set off the slightest wave.

Ye Qingyu sighed in his heart.

Shangguan Jiyun had been suffering hardships for many years in order to avenge his father, but he eventually ended up in a tragic death.

The atmosphere was miserable and pitiful.

After all, in this world not all revenge will be successful, not all challenges will go as desired. The blood on the Storm Platform was not all shed by evil people, many avengers had also left their lives here. An unsuccessful revenge will cost them their lives, they also do not know whether their descendant will avenge them or not.

Such was the cruelty of the martial world.

The blood of experts was flowing on the platform, and the bloodstains had not dried up.

The bloody scene caused a change in one’s countenance.

However, this was just the beginning of the brutal slaughter.

Just as many people were still sighing with regret over the death of Shangguan Jiyun, and had not yet reacted to the scene, a challenger mounted the platform.

“It's my turn!”

The originally still and silent atmosphere was suddenly broken by a beautiful and clear voice.

The crowd twisted their head towards the voice.

Above a floating peak in the Northeast direction, an elegant woman wielding an imperial sword descended onto the Storm Platform.

She was dressed in a white and green long dress embroidered with silver, and her white long boots had the outline of a silver totem. She was beautiful and graceful like a moon fairy.

“I am the Moon Immortal Palace’s 161th generation Imperial Empress Lin Yueping. Today I challenge Virtuous Temple’s Monk Juechen.”

The voice of Lin Yueping was sweet and gentle.

She reached over her shoulder and drew her sword, a three foot green blade, and with a wide sweep of her sword brought up a gust of wind and a piercing sword slash sound resounded.

The blade was more than three feet, the sword body thin as a cicada’s wing, sparkling translucent like glass, and was known as the [Divine Moon sword], a divine weapon in Clear River Domain.

The [Divine Moon sword] in her palm was releasing an icy cold light, the blade quivering, and the sharp point of the blade pointed to a floating peak hundreds of miles away.

There was a deep and low sigh in the air that was almost unnoticeable.

In mid-air, the clouds and mist came together and solidified, building an iron-like cloud bridge.

Then, where the sword light was pointing to on the floating peak, a monk draped in a white kasaya robe and wearing a bamboo hat came strolling over, nodding his head.

……

“Haha, I knew that they would be at the Storm Sword Duel gathering!”

A disciple of the Starry Heaven Palace was the first to speak.

Soon after, whispers were heard from the next dozens of peaks.

“I can't believe Yuping would still come today...”

Among the people of the Hundred Spirits Sect, a middle-aged beautiful woman mumbled to herself.

Ye Qingyu was inevitably curious as he watched the monk moving unhurriedly and occasionally pulling the prayer beads in his hand. This monk unexpectedly was involved in a relationship with a person of the mortal world.

Hu Bugui had heard some rumors; a marriage was arranged between Lin Yueping and this monk. They were childhood friends and had an extremely good relationship, but for some reason the groom shaved his head to become a monk on the marriage day. After that, every year Lin Yueping will go to the Virtuous Temple on the day of their marriage to meditate for an entire day, not eat or drink, or said a word.

This matter became a huge joke for the people of Clear River Domain.

……

Juechen had just stepped into the Storm Platform.

Lin Yueping waved his right hand, sword qi solidified, and the previously sparkling and translucent sword body at this time was flashing in a variety of colours.

“Benefactress, why are you doing this? Fighting to the end on the Storm Platform. The matters between you and me, there is no need to solve it with death.”

Juechen never once looked up at Lin Yueping, his voice was gentle and ethereal.

“Juechen, the enmity between us has been going on for too long. The moon’s faces have changed thousands of times, I am afraid if we do not solve this, I will forget you.”

The voice of the beautiful woman Lin Yueping was trembling slightly and her eyes were filled with endless sadness.

“Sigh, benefactress, the past is as transient as fleeting clouds. Letting go of obsessions can free oneself from worldly worries.”

Juechen stopped to hold the prayer beads, before finally looking up to face Lin Yueping, but his eyes that were as deep as a vast ocean seemed not surprised by the billows and waves.

“Then it is my obsession. Today no matter who lives or dies, I have no regrets.”

Lin Yueping sobbed, but in the next moment she brought her sword up in a slash.

On the Storm Platform the two moon-coloured figures were very natural and unrestrained.

In the first few moves, Juechen was blindly retreating and had only used the force of the prayer beads to resist the sword qi, dispelling it by pushing to the boundary walls.

The monk's body was without the slightest of murderous aura.

On the contrary, Lin Yueping launched all attacks with full strength, without showing any mercy.

……

“When a woman is angry, she is very ruthless.”

“Exactly, he made the Moon Immortal Palace Imperial Empress laughed at for tens of years. This hatred is not as little as a divine weapon being snatched away.”

“He doesn’t want a beauty, but wants to be a monk who lights an oil lamp before the statue of Buddha, I don’t know what he is thinking.”

“I have heard that Juechen was born with a jade in his mouth, and on the jade was an engraved line of a Buddhist sutra, perhaps he was born to be a monk.”

“Hahahaha, if he had known about it earlier, then he might as well have given the Imperial Empress of the Moon Immortal Palace to me.”

“Once this woman is angry she will chase after you for decades, I didn't think you would like this kind of fierce woman.”

This battle was not like the previous two brutal fights. It was inevitable that the crowd found it boring and occasionally began to chat amongst themselves.

On one of the closest floating peaks to the Storm Platform, the Palace Master of the Sky Demon Palace was holding a glass cup, watching interestedly at the two people.

Several prominent scholarly men of Heaven Desire Demon Sect were interested in the young and beautiful Imperial Empress of Moon Immortal Palace.

……

Bang.

Suddenly, a trembling sound broke out on the platform.

The sudden movement captured the attention of all the people.

Lin Yueping’s [Moon Immortal sword] struck the prayer beads in Juechen’s hand, denting a half finger deep mark on the thousand year old bead.

At this time Lin Yueping’s yuan qi was already disordered, and her strength was greatly exhausted.

Juechen glanced at the prayer beads, and then looked at the pale Lin Yueping who had a layer of cold sweat all over her forehead. He opened his mouth slightly to say something, but then hesitated.

Before he could say anything.

Lin Yueping suddenly swung up the sword with yuan qi. It sped across in midair, a soul seizing sword attack, thrusting at Monk Juechen.

In the nick of time, Juechen deflected the attack with the praying beads.

But he had never thought that, at this time, Lin Yueping, whose eyes were filled with despair and a drop of tear was flowing down her cheek, would immediately twist the [Moon Immortal sword] around to face herself.

The [Moon Immortal sword] erupted with a multicoloured light, stabbing right through Lin Yueping’s chest.

“Yueping...”

Juechen’s eyes that were like an abyss of worldly suffering finally revealed the colour of panic.

He flashed past, catching the falling Lin Yueping.

Lin Yueping’s breathing was weak, the light in her eyes was gradually fading, but the corner of her mouth was curved in a smile, as if she had finally resolved her thoughts.

“How will I not know your heart, but I can not save it, I...”

After saying that, she took her last breath, her strength faded, and her hand that had reached out to mid-air to touch Juechen’s face dropped back down.

On the Storm Platform, Juechen’s white kasaya robe that was mottled with Lin Yueping’s blood was like a blooming red plum blossom in winter.

Silent, a long silence.

There was only the very slight sound of the wind in mid-air and the rolling of the clouds.

No one disturbed the two people who were separated in this life.

After a long time, as if the blood on Juechen’s robe had been dried thoroughly, he picked up the slightly stiffened body of Lin Yueping. His face was expressionless, but his eyes revealed a bleak despair.

Juechen stepped into the air, holding Lin Yueping, leaving behind the Virtuous Temple disciples and the few Moon Immortal Palace disciples who had only awakened from the shock and came chasing after with the imperial sword.

On the Storm Platform, a battle of life and death, fought to the end.

In one hundred years, how many grudges, grievances were there? And on this platform, how many lives have been taken?

This scene was nothing but a brief episode of the thousands of grievances and revenge on the Storm Platform.

Ye Qingyu, looking at Monk Juechen’s figure disappearing into the distance, and couldn’t help but sigh.

Ever since the opening of the Storm Platform up until now, this battle was absolutely the one that impacted and touched Ye Qingyu the greatest. He did not even know what feeling it was, and did not know whether Lin Yueping was dead or alive, or what had happened between her and Monk Juechen. But it still touched him.

……

On the platform.

The killing was still going on.

The sun sets in the West, and rose in the East.

In the next two days, no matter day or night, there was no pause on the Storm Platform.

Ever since the beginning of the killings, the blood and bones seemed to have stimulated the nerves of everyone, that the originally calm people had also became crazy.

There were constantly people dying in battle.

There were constantly people mounting the platform.

A hundred years of enmity, whether it is between sects, or between individuals, at this time they can finally put a complete end to it.

One after another stood the avengers of each sect and the challenger, fighting a bloody battle, and in the end there was always a handful of bones, a pool of blood, and a wisp of clear soul left behind.

With the passage of time, there was an increasingly strong stench of blood, and from the wind that breezed past, from time to time there were low, mournful cries.

The survival rules of the world and the definition of an expert were shown incisively and vividly on the Storm Platform, tapping the hearts of people.

In these two days on the floating peak, in addition to sitting and exercising his breathing, Ye Qingyu had also been watching the martial arts competition.

He had a photographic memory, once he has seen a duel, seen the moves and techniques of an expert of Clear River Domain, he almost could remember it all. Especially since under this kind of life and death battle state, all the moves that the experts displayed were the unique knowledge that they had gained in their life. They did not hold back at all, exhausting their martial artist instinct. This sort of battle, for Ye Qingyu, was also a great luck and opportunity.

Ever since he started his cultivation, although he had been through many difficulties and dangers, there really were not many opportunities that he had to fight with real experts. Watching the battle on the Storm Platform, for Ye Qingyu, who had an abnormal memory, was as if he was fighting on stage

While watching and while practicing martial arts in his mind, Ye Qingyu had a huge harvest. 一

In particular, the sword skills that he practices, [Human King Sword mantra], [God Emperor Sword mantra] and [The Common People Sword mantra] all paid particular attention to the meaning of a move. The more martial arts moves in this world that he digested, the better his understanding of the meaning of a sword move. The moves of these top experts of Clear River Domain had all left a lasting mark on the mind of Ye Qingyu.

His understanding of martial arts was frantically elevated from observing such an endless battle.

Ye Qingyu felt that his will of the martial arts was sublimated.

In addition, every day when the sun fades and the stars emerge, he would spend a few hours silently breathing and observing inside. He would rapidly inspect the [Blood Drinker sword] that was in the process of refining and the imprisoned consciousness in the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Hu Bugui and Liu Shaji seemed to be very knowledgeable about the matters of Clear River Domain, and without Ye Qingyu asking, they would tell him all the gossip that they knew.

Ye Qingyu, through what he had seen and the descriptions from Hu Bugui, he came to a conclusion in his mind.

If Clear River Domain really invaded Heaven Wasteland Domain, based on the strength that he had seen on the Storm Platform, then most likely that even if they gathered all the forces to fight off this calamity, it would most likely end in calamity.

As the battle progressed, there were incessantly people being challenged, and some of the older generation experts also inevitably had to battle on the platform.

In these two days, the successor of the Xu Hua Sect, the Starry Heaven palace master, the head of the Burning Lamp Temple, the master of the Mysterious Martial Sect and so on, these famous masters of Clear River Domain also could not escape the calamity, falling down like a shooting star.

As day was alternating with night, an earth-shattering change happened among these hundreds and thousands of years old influential families and sects.

The fighting spirit around the Storm Platform, compared to the beginning of the Storm Sword Duel, was gradually lessening, and an indescribable mournful and dignified atmosphere was being born——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

