Chapter 777:


Chapter 794, Life Weapon of an Ancient Emperor



The expression on Ao Tianzun's face turned gloomy.

Back in Heaven Wasteland Domain, he had released a doppelganger, which in his opinion was already an invincible existence, and combined with that woman, he thought that to subdue a new lowly domain would only take one thought. Who knew that Ye Qingyu could easily destroy a doppelganger that had just completed being refined.

This was the matter that he most hated in the past year.

It should be said that the refinement of that doppelganger had taken him innumerable efforts as well as time and treasures. Moreover, it possessed great potential for ascension, and was one of the great weapons that he had painstaking prepared, but also something that he had to rely on in the future. Back then it was because of the limits of the power of laws of Heaven Wasteland Domain that he had to release a doppelganger, but who would have known that his carelessness allowed Ye Qingyu to destroy his doppelganger. All his efforts and expectations were turned into ashes.

What was worse was that the matter had led to a sharp drop in the prestige and reputation of Ao Tianzun. His position was shaken to the point that he was replaced by the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect.

Now, even if he was incredibly unwilling, he had a status much lower than the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect. On the surface, he also had no choice but to respect her opinion.

Then there was that woman called Jiang Xiaohan, who also betrayed him.

The main culprit of these matters, in the eyes of Ao Tianzun, was Ye Qingyu.

Thinking about it, his teeth began to itch with hatred.

Given the status of Ao Tianzun, he did not have to be present today, but he came to torture Ye Qingyu for revenge.

Hearing Ye Qingyu's challenge, Ao Tianzun became so gloomy that it seemed there would be water dripping down.

He took a step forward and was about to say something.

At this very time, the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect suddenly opened her mouth to speak.

“Don't let your emotions affect your decision. Don’t be angered by brother Ye Qingyu and take his bait. Elder Qiu had fallen victim to the enemy because of his carelessness. We cannot repeat the same mistake. Our plan today is to kill him and take his treasures, and not to compare martial arts. Don’t fight alone, let's attack together. Activate the formation and torture brother Ye Qingyu to death. A long delay may instead cause trouble.”

She spoke softly, addressing him as ‘brother Ye Qingyu’, but her intention was ruthless, like the venom of a snake or scorpion. It maked one shudder with fear.

A hint of anger emerged on Ao Tianzun's face.

He obviously wanted to personally deal with Ye Qingyu, but the way that the Saintess said it seemed as though she did not trust him. However, considering that the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect was now the most favoured in the camp, he should not be impulsive. With this thought, he shrugged, did not utter a word, and took two steps back.

A smile curved on the lips of the Saintess as she gently waved her hand.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The surrounding giant energy cannons roared simultaneously, spewing out frightening energy flames that whistled through the air before drowning Ye Qingyu's body in the center.

These artillerymen were all martial arts experts who were able to control the giant cannon to a very precise level and absolutely would not hurt other people. The frightening flames from the giant cannon transformed into a giant killing net in the Void, almost blocking all of the possible escape routes of Ye Qingyu.

There were constantly new sealing formations being set up, slicing through space, and compressing the room that Ye Qingyu could manoeuvre around. Silver formations flickered, repeatedly sealing the space around Ye Qingyu, and in the blink of an eye, the space ten meters around his body had turned into a solidified state.

It was evident that the masters of the Blood Taster Sect worked like an army. The coordination between the artillery group and formation group were neat and orderly, and extremely methodical. It was as if they were an advanced machine. Everyone’s movements were not in the slightest disharmonious. The thousands of people were just like a single person; the movements were uniform and the rhythm of the huge energy cannons shooting out destructing rays were the same.

Even for Ye Qingyu, in such a space, he also could not rely on martial arts and footwork to avoid the frequent net-like bombardments.

He did not hesitate to directly operate the secret arts of the one hundred and eight  ancient characters to summon out the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and suspended it above his head. In the mouth of the cauldron there were bright yellow ribbons that floated out and protected him in it.

All of the bombardments were isolated.

Upon seeing this scene, a smile spread to the eyes of the Saintess.

She seemed to have long anticipated the scene, but was also waiting for this scene to appear. In particular, when she saw the giant bronze cauldron, her eyes lit up, flashing a hint of admiration. She carefully studied the [Cloud Top Cauldron], as though appreciating the world's most perfect divine object.

“I was really pressed for time that day and I didn't have the chance to fully appreciate brother Ye Qingyu's cauldron, but I was already aware of its extraordinariness. Seeing it again today, it is indeed extraordinary. Among its simple and unadorned appearance it contained the Dao rhythm and Emperor qi. It is most likely a life weapon of an ancient Emperor before he achieved the Dao.” The Saintess could not help but praise and then sighed regretfully, “Brother Ye Qingyu's luck is indeed astonishing to be able to obtain such a treasure in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Sigh, but I also have to thank brother Ye Qingyu for giving such a treasure to me. brother Ye Qingyu, please be rest assured that after your death, this  little sister will be kind to this cauldron and unleash its true power, and not let it be covered in dust.”

Her tone of voice was incredibly sincere.

But the words coming from her mouth were simply too shameless. From her expression and attitude, it was as though killing and snatching someone else's treasure were inevitable and right, and instead Ye Qingyu would profit from this.

Standing under the [Cloud Top Cauldron], Ye Qingyu was expressionless.

He had experienced this mentality of the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect before, so he didn't care much about it, nor would he be angry. What made him slightly surprised was the fact that the Saintess had determined the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to be an unfinished imperial weapon, and that it was most likely to be a life weapon of an ancient Emperor before he achieved the Dao.

But upon second thought, it seemed that everything maked sense. The power of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was invincible and could even withstand against the power of the killing intent in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. This degree of strength was comparable to that of an imperial weapon.

The Saintess had a mind which was as venomous as a snake or scorpion, but her insight and judgment were absolutely first class, that even Ye Qingyu felt inferior. If she had said so, then it was most likely true.

And hearing these words from the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect, the few other Saint level experts also revealed a look of surprise, and then looked at the [Cloud Top Cauldron] again, their eyes twinkling with greed.

A cauldron like that, even if it was only an unfinished imperial weapon, was already too immeasurable, let alone that this was a life weapon of an ancient Emperor. No matter what, once something involved an ancient Emperor, it would be a treasure that would shock many super forces.

They also didn’t think that Ye Qingyu would have such a treasure on him.

Ao Tianzun thought about it more.

He suddenly realized how Ye Qingyu, a lowly commoner from a lowly domain, could soar to the skies. The fact that he reached his present cultivation level must be because of the secrets contained in the cauldron. With this thought, he felt his heart beginning to heat up.

No matter what, this time I must find a way to get my hands on this cauldron, I cannot let that lowly girl get it. Otherwise, it would be difficult for me to suppress her again in the future.

At the same time, a trace of puzzlement came to Ao Tianzun's heart.

How precious and valuable was a life weapon of an ancient Emperor? Even if the Saintess of the Jade Pearl Sect could see through this treasure, she should not have mentioned it. Once exposed, this treasure would certainly arouse the interest and competition of everyone, and given the current status of the Saintess in the camp, she also may not be able to get it with certainty. Why would she actually dare to say it out loud in front of so many people?

Was she that confident in herself?

At this moment, the Saintess strode forward two steps. Her eyes grew cold and she waved her hand, “Stop.”

When the experts of the Blood Taster Sect heard these words, they immediately stopped what they were doing at the same time.

In the Void, there was an astonishing and terrifying fluctuation of energy left behind.

At Ye Qingyu's location, the space wall had long been melted away, flowing like mud. At his foot, because of the protection of a large formation, there were a number of potholes but it did not shatter. In less than ten meters of space, the exterior parts of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] were thoroughly melted away. It did not contain the essence of Heaven and earth, nor the slightest light; it was almost a pure terrifying ‘nothingness’.

But the bright yellow silk ribbons that hung down the [Cloud Top Cauldron] remained motionless.

Inside, Ye Qingyu was as calm as though he was leisurely strolling around.

Everyone's expression changed.

“That day, the [Red Lotus Hellfire] also could not incinerate it. This formation and the huge cannons, even if it were to continuously attack for ten days and ten nights, they still won't exhaust brother Ye Qingyu.” The Saintess smiled, everything obviously within her expectations. Looking at Ye Qingyu, she then continued, “Brother Ye Qingyu, do you think what I said is right?”

Ye Qingyu did not withdraw the bronze cauldron, nor did he respond.

“Brother Ye Qingyu do you know, I have already laid out thousands of formations across this mountain manor to trigger the spirit energy of the city. There is also the [Giant Cannon Camp] and [Formation Camp] of the Blood Taster Sect, as well as the blood supply of one thousand peak Heaven Ascension experts, and then the power of six Saint experts had activated the formation. Furthermore, they are accompanied by the [Red Lotus Hellfire].” The Saintess smiled, looking at Ye Qingyu with a hint of ridicule. “This method, brother Ye Qingyu, how long do you think I need to exhaust you to death and obtain this cauldron? The cauldron is invincible, but brother Ye Qingyu, your inner yuan will be used up, right?”

Ye Qingyu's expression changed.

This was indeed a bit tricky.

Although the control of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] consumed little yuan qi, but he would still be exhausted at some point. As this evil woman had said, they would exhaust him no matter what, and under the situation that he cannot replenish himself, he could at most withstand for up to one month. If he were to replenish his yuan qi using all the divine liquid essence and rare treasures he had on him, he would still deplete all of his resources within ten years.

Perhaps there would be other changes in ten years’ time, but the problem was that, even if he was lucky to get out of trouble, the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps would most likely have failed the assessment at that time. The Heaven Wasteland Domain would be completely transformed into ruins and become a miserable colony.

That woman really was evil, not only to the enemy, but also to her own people. In her eyes, the one thousand elites of the Blood Taster Sect were just blood supply. She could sacrifice them as she liked and regarded them as worthless as dirt.

The Saintess noticed the change in Ye Qingyu's expression, then smiled, “But now, I have changed my mind, as the saying goes, the rule is not to besiege walled cities if it can possibly be avoided. If there were a better way to make you voluntarily hand over the treasure, why would I spend so much time and manpower. Brother Ye Qingyu, I think you understand what I mean, right?”

Ye Qingyu's pupils constricted, flashing with a hint of anger——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 778:


Chapter 796 - A Leopard Never Changes Its Spots



"I wonder, which is more important in brother Ye Qingyu's heart - the survival and safety of the  Heaven Wasteland envoy mission's thousand men, or this ancient emperor life weapon?" There was a spine-tingling savagery in the beaming eyes of the Four Stars holy girl as she laughed like she was talking about former days with an old friend, "I heard that the empress Yu Xiaoxing is the sweetheart of brother Ye Qingyu since childhood, and someone he'll love till death. I've always been curious whether the promises made by such a remarkable man to his sweetheart is as flimsy as those made by the hypocrites of this world, or, prizing beauty over power, he would sacrifice this cauldron in exchange for the life of his lover, and thereby leave a story for the ages."

Ye Qingyu's expression suddenly turned grim as he stared daggers at the Four Stars holy girl and enunciated clearly, "Is Xing'er in your hands?"

Shaking her head, the holy girl laughed, "No, don't lose your temper, brother Ye Qingyu. There's no need for that. If I wanted to kill her, it would've been done in a split second, just like squashing a bug. Brother Ye Qingyu, you must know that I have the ability and power to do this even if that fatso Yan Wushuang is protecting her."

Ye Qingyu heaved a faint sigh of relief.

Thankfully, the matter he was worried about did not happen.

This Four Stars holy girl has too much confidence in herself.

She continued, "Brother Ye Qingyu, if you hand over the cauldron, I can promise you that you will safely leave this mountain villa, and your lover will also not run into any kind of danger. The grading path of your Heaven Wasteland Domain shall go unobstructed, or at least, nobody from my camp will meddle in your affairs."

Ye Qingyu remained silent for a while.

Everyone else looked at him.

Nobody could agree with the Four Stars holy girl's way of doing things. In particular, Ao Tianzun was already laughing inwardly to himself,
"This holy girl usually thinks and acts wisely, so why has she become so foolish in front of Ye Qingyu? Even an idiot wouldn't give up a treasure on the level of an ancient emperor life weapon for the sake of a woman."

Unless he has gone mad, Ye Qingyu would never accept the holy girl's terms.

Indeed, after his brief silence, Ye Qingyu shook his head gently.

"I decline," he enunciated each word.

Ao Tianzun almost burst into laughter.

An imperceptible disappointment flashed across the holy girl's eyes after a momentary daze. Though she herself was uncertain what she was disappointed about, she immediately had an impulse to destroy Ye Qingyu completely.

"Fine, very fine indeed. Hmm, when you defended the Celestial Phoenix Maiden at all costs in the 18th district and nearly died under the parasol tree, you must have forgotten your old flame for a new sweetheart. Men are always so fond of the new and sick of the old." The holy girl sneered. "Seems like I have to hold the Celestial Phoenix Maiden hostage for you to be willing to hand over the cauldron."

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

The final trace of softness disappeared from the holy girl's eyes.

Her eye beams became ice-cold like never before, "Indeed, all men in this world are rotten, and you are no exception. I shouldn't have regarded you a notch higher than the rest of them. Hoho, looks like I have to trap you here and burn you alive. Then again, even a hundred years of effort would be worth it if I can obtain an ancient emperor cauldron... Ye Qingyu, you've ultimately disappointed me too much."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu laughed scornfully.

"Disappointed? That's funny, everything has been but your own wishful thinking. You have so many profiteering ideas in your head and that's why you think others are like yourself. You're always so calculative and think that everything can be measured in gold, yet you don't even know the most basic human nature. My relationships with Xing'er and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden aren't what a malicious mind like yours can understand." Ye Qingyu looked at the holy girl with contemptuous eyes. "I'm shaking my head not because I can't bear to lose this cauldron, but because I don't want to do any deal with a woman like you, and also because..."

A smile suddenly emerged on Ye Qingyu's face as he talked to this point.

"Because, you think that everything you see is within your grasp and that you're bound to win. But this is also just your imagination." Saying this, he swept a glance across everyone around him and laughed in a strange manner, "I would really like to know if, after losing Yang Tianwu, the Four Stars Sect was also ready to lose their holy girl and guardian Saint, hmm, and find that these external forces have also been completely slain, together with two Saint-level experts of the Divine Sky Sect, including one successor... Hoho, if the lot of you died here today, would the master of the Four Stars Sect cry in bed at night?"

Hearing this, the holy girl's countenance changed at once.

The experts standing to one side burst into laughter after a brief daze.

"Haha, so self-unaware even during your last hour?"

"This joke isn't funny."

"Kid, are you mad? You're already a bird in a cage, and yet you still want to kill all of us?"

"Hahaha, what a silly dream. You must've been scared out of your mind."

Guffawing sounds were heard all around.

The guardian Saint of the Four Stars Sect also shook his head gently, "At this stage, son-of-a-bitch, you think a few empty words can frighten us? Her Highness has given you a chance time and again, yet you cannot tell good from bad and remain oh-so persistent. You must be dreaming if you think you alone can kill us..."

Across.

Ye Qingyu laughed.

"Who says I'm alone?"

His smile was not only very strange but carried a tinge of sympathy and pity for the holy girl and her accomplices.

As soon as he spoke.

Everyone felt their vision blur.

All they could make out was that standing next to Ye Qingyu now was a figure in green, jade-like clothes. It had a devilishly handsome face, an elegant bearing, a glowing body, and a dizzying charm. Although Ye Qingyu himself was exceptionally handsome, he was not in the same class as this person in terms of vigor and demeanor.

This sight was simply too strange to behold.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 779:


Nobody had seen exactly when this figure appeared beside Ye Qingyu. This was simply too unbelievable, for the entire mountain manor had been sealed shut such that even a Great Saint level expert could not enter, and it was even more impossible that someone could show up silently and inconspicuously.

It was as if this person had been standing there all this time, except that nobody had noticed.

Who... exactly is this?

Exchanging glances with another Saint of the Divine Sky Sect beside him, Ao Tianzun felt that things were not looking good and thus he quietly stepped back.

The countenance of the Four Stars holy girl changed dramatically while her eyes revealed an unconcealable horror.

Because, she had already discerned the origin of this person.

"Impossible," she cried out involuntarily, bereft of the composure and steadiness she displayed earlier. Although a silver veil covered her face, one could imagine the kind of shock and panic lying beneath.

"What's so impossible?"

Another voice was heard.

Beside Ye Qingyu, a splendor flickered as the Void undulated, and out from among the silver ripples walked a silver figure which was graceful, voluptuous, yet perfectly slender. It was dressed in purple battle garments and emanated a mysterious and ancient aura.

This was none other than the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

"You..." The Four Stars holy girl was shocked.

However, before she could continue, another petite and slender black figure walked out from among the Void ripples. This was the Black Demon Race's Little Princess, whose wicked-looking face stared daggers at the holy girl as she sneered, "Bitch, the scores between us shall be settled today."

Meanwhile, as the splendor of the Void ripples continued to flicker endlessly, several more figures walked out. From each of them surged a powerful aura which indicated that they were of Saint-realm cultivation. They consisted of a few experts from the Black Demon Race and guardian Saints of the Phoenix Race.

"Hahaha, brother Ye Qingyu, you calculated so well to use yourself as bait and lure out these creatures. Haha, we've caught that Four Stars bitch and her gang in a trap today. Time to get even." The last person to walk out from the Void ripples was the bald fatty Li Shengyan, who, ever since rescuing [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], had been swaggering like a crab such that he was nearly walking sideways.

In only a twinkling, the disparity of numbers had reversed.

The number of experts on Ye Qingyu's side now completely crushed that of the one’s in the Four Stars holy girl's party.

At this time, some people of the latter party already realized what was going on.

Most importantly, they had guessed the identity of the handsome man in green, jade-like clothes.

By thinking associatively about the circumstances of the wildly spreading battles on the Fierce Beast Peak over the past couple of days, and the perished state of Yang Tianwu, anyone who was rather well-informed already knew about the shocking matter that was [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] exit from the 18th district. In this case, they would have to be real silly not to recognize that the young man standing next to Ye Qingyu was none other than the once-invincible Li Xiaofei.

Swish!

The Saint of the Divine Sky Sect was so frightened that his face turned ashen. Without saying a word, he turned into a beam of flowing light and was about to leave...

But the next instant, with a thumping noise, his figure crashed into the seal formation and was sent flying backward.

"How?" He was bewildered.

They'd set up the formation and have brought specially-made formation-breaking runes. Reasonably speaking, there should be no problem passing through the formation. But now... why can't he get out?

The Four Stars holy girl's face turned awkward.

She had already discerned that this formation, which was intended to confine Ye Qingyu, had become a trap to counter-kill her and her contingent instead. The showing up of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], who possessed peerless magical ability, had decided the final outcome. He had used his skills to alter the formation such that nobody could escape from within.

Only with his magical ability could a spatial passageway be cut open in just a moment's time. With that, he had easily brought the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, and the Saints of the two races into the staunchly-protected interior of the mountain manor.

With a complicated expression, she looked at Ye Qingyu.

The young man's methods had caused a chill to form in her heart for the first time.

As suggested by the fat man's words, it seemed that everything was arranged by Ye Qingyu, who long guessed that she would plot against him. After leaving the Fierce Beast Peak, he deliberately traveled alone, so that she would let her guard down and set a trap here. While intending to kill him and take his treasure, she tried to be too clever and instead fell into his trap.

By this time, the situation had completely turned on its head.

Escaping was not an option.

The holy girl knew full well that, even if she used all her trump cards, she certainly could not escape from the hands of a Quasi-emperor. This was why, after recognizing Li Xiaofei, she did not contemplate escaping at all, despite feeling terrified and wretched.

"You..." The holy girl looked at Ye Qingyu and laughed bitterly. "How could you be so sure that I'll turn up to deal with you?"

The latter put on a splendid smile.

"The reason is simple." He looked at the holy girl and said plainly, "Because a leopard never changes its spots."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 780:


Chapter 797 Battle of Saints



Although Ye Qingyu's words were harsh, they contained an irrefutable truth.

Because, the Four Stars holy girl was self-assured and ambitious to the point of greed. She was intent not only to go the full distance of the martial way, but also to acquire absolute power, and believed that all geniuses and experts should submit to her while all good things should belong to her, or otherwise, she had to destroy them.

Having seen that the [Red Lotus Hellfire] was unable to burn Ye Qingyu to death or destroy the [Cloud Top Cauldron], there was no way she would not be interested in acquiring the cauldron for herself. Earlier on, the situation then rendered her totally unable to kill the man and take his cauldron, and she thus had no choice but to leave.

Later on, when Ye Qingyu successfully exited the 18th district and exposed her lies, her image as a holy, honorable, and pure fairy, which she had built up over many years, was tarnished, and she virtually became a disgrace. Given her arrogance and conceit, how could she take things lying down?

Yang Tianwu's madness was just a start.

Ye Qingyu understood her type of person all too well. Essentially, she was a stronger version of Lu Li or Yang Wanqu, and would not let even the smallest grievance remain unavenged. Also, she was greedy like the latter duo, albeit she was even more sinister and vicious than them. However, being too obvious about one's greed was disadvantageous, and so she obscured her vindictiveness and greed. She would always put on a facade of openness and righteousness, and often managed to deceive people with it.

Although the journey since descending the Fierce Beast Peak had seemed peaceful, Ye Qingyu never let his guard down one bit.

Everything in sight had been planned out earlier on.

He pretended to split from the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race, and [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and traveled alone all so that he could lure out the operatives hiding behind his back. Thinking that their chance had come, these covetous monsters and malicious hypocrites revealed themselves and thus were all caught in the trap. If not for this, they would prove to be a real pain-in-the-ass in the future. After all, everyone would love to take away the opportunities and treasures which Ye Qingyu might have found in the 18th district.

"Words are useless," Ye Qingyu remarked, now holding an absolute advantage. He swept a sharp glance across the crowd and finally landed it on the Four Stars holy girl. Laughing, he said, "Get ready to defend yourselves, for the sake of your remaining dignity."

The atmosphere was abruptly ignited.

The holy girl first looked at Xiaofei and then at Ye Qingyu, before she said, "With the arrival of Your Highness the Quasi-emperor, we know that we have little chance of winning and thus shan't put up a meaningless resistance. I was careless this time and fell into the trap. Although I'm reluctant to concede defeat, there's nothing I can do... Brother Ye Qingyu, you can get started."

The people beside her were each a picture of grief.

Indeed, against a legendary domineering Quasi-emperor, the gulf in strength was simply too humongous, and so they could do nothing but close their eyes and wait for death, no matter how unwilling they were.

Ye Qingyu laughed softly.

"Don't make things sound so tragic. A killer will one day be killed, while a schemer will one day be schemed against. Those innocent people who died at your hands thought the same way as you do now... However..." The irony on Ye Qingyu's face grew as he spoke until this point. "You're gauging the heart of a gentleman based on your own ignoble hearts. Instead, given His Highness Li Xiaofei's status, he wouldn't want to embarrass juniors like you all. He'll give you a fair battle so that you can die without regret."

As he spoke.

Without warning, Li Xiaofei's figure disappeared into thin air.

This had been agreed upon in advance as well.

As a great person during his time, Li Xiaofei's status was overly illustrious and thus he needed to be careful about his public image. He certainly could not personally fight against people of later generations like the Four Stars holy girl, or if word got out, he would become known as a big bully. Moreover, he, too, was arrogant and conceited. He had already rendered enormous assistance by agreeing to break the formation around the mountain manor so that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and the others could enter, and then resealing this world so that the holy girl and her companions could not escape.

Ye Qingyu certainly hoped that Li Xiaofei would take action and strike the holy girl's contingent dead so as to avert any trouble in the future, but he could not bend the will of this lofty human martial myth, much as he was the latter's lifesaver.

Facing him.

A glimmer flickered in the holy girl's eyes.

An imperceptible hint of joy quietly flashed across.

But before she could speak, the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race charged toward her and turned into a beam of flowing light that sought to kill her directly, exclaiming, "Bitch slave, time to settle our grudge from the 18th district . Die!"

Rash and hot-tempered as ever, this girl could not hold back her deep hatred for the Four Stars holy girl any longer. She had remained patient earlier on out of respect for Ye Qingyu, but now, she could not wait to strike as soon as she spoke.

"Audacious." Standing to one side, a Four Stars guardian Saint wanted to stop the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race.

Boom boom boom!

As they exchange stroke after stroke and fought maniacally, terrifying power overflowed in all directions amid the ear-splitting explosive noises.

Without saying a word, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, giving off her rainbow-colored splendor, appeared right in front of the Four Stars holy girl, intending to kill her.

The latter stirred up her moonlight brilliance and struck back aggressively.

With every move they made, the two females of generational beauty unleashed great force, rousing the chaotic qi to turn into strange balls of light.

"Kill!"

The Black Demon Saints turned into flowing light and charged mercilessly at the high-level Saints of the various sects across.

At this moment, the guardian Saint of the Phoenix Race also decided to strike.

Boom boom boom boom!

As terrifying power burst out, the battle among the Saints could be said to be heaven- and earth-shaking, and horrid waves radiated in all directions. If not for the prohibition imposed by the formation of the Quasi-emperor, the mountain manor might very well have instantly degraded into ruins.

Unfortunately for those martial experts of the cannon and formation battalions, they were completely unable to put up a resistance in a Saint-level battle. Every wave of attack on them carried mortal danger.

"Defend!"

As an officer-like expert issued a shout, the experts of the formation battalion spurted essence and blood forth in unison, forming a defensive formation which protected the cannon battalion and themselves within. Nearly a thousand men were falling back as swiftly as possible, wanting to withdraw from the battlefield.

Boom!

Puffff!

Despite the formation's protection, several dozen experts were affected by the saintly power and instantly turned into powder and blood, not a single bone remaining...

"Withdraw, quick!"

Being well-trained military elites, the experts were able to remain calm as they fell back and escaped into the depths of the mountain manor.

"Haha, I'm most fond of taking care of rotten fishes and smelly shrimps. Leave these cretins to me..." Guffawing, Li Shengyan gave chase. He knew full well that these small fries had no bearing on the overall situation, but still, this mountain manor certainly contained not only many formations and mechanisms, but also treasures and fortunes amassed over many years. This was a good chance to grab a bunch of them.

Of course, the fatty enjoyed doing these kinds of things the most.

To another side.

Ye Qingyu inhaled deeply.

By operating the magic of the [Limitless Divine Way], his vigor increased wildly and broke through the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm in a twinkling, to the point that it felt on the same level as a Saint's qi. With the [Dragon Blood Halberd] in his hand humming and vibrating, and the wisp of bright yellow immortal qi hanging over his head, he locked his sights firmly on Ao Tianzun.

"Kill!"

Sensing the wild increase in Ye Qingyu's vigor, Ao Tianzun was slightly alarmed, and took the initiative before the former's aura could rise to its absolute peak. As the prior situation revealed, Ye Qingyu treated him with great enmity, and thus there was no escaping this battle for him.

Boom boom!

Ye Qingyu struck out at the same time. The [Dragon Blood Halberd] was fired up and turned into a blood-colored dragon which wrapped around his right arm. Giving off an immense splendor, it possessed sufficient strength to slay deities and destroy demons, and withstood Ao Tianzun's attack head-on.

For a time, terrifying energy waves flickered across the entire mountain manor, causing the pavilions and rockeries to turn into ruins, and the lake water to evaporate.

A few disciples who were hiding in dark corners wailed mournfully as they turned into bloody mist.

This battle was the most terrifying and tragic Saint battle for several hundred years, and also involved the highest number of sects and forces. It must be known that to become a Saint usually required hundreds or even thousands of years of cultivation, after which one would acquire longevity, various techniques, and sufficient power to easily wreck cities and kingdoms. Generally speaking, a Saint could serve as a strategic deterrent among the various forces and sects. Battles which involved Saints were rarely fought to death, and thus today's spectacle was certainly a rarity.

Boom!

A Saint was injured, his blood showering the sky.

"Kill!" When a Black Demon Martial Saint chopped off an enemy's arm, it caused a loud boom as it fell and exploded, sending the former flying backward.

The first drop of Saint blood had been spilled.

The scene instantly grew in intensity.

Boom boom boom!

As more Saints shed blood, they flew into a frenzied state, roaring angrily.

All of the experts fought face to face, their eyes turning red from the killings.

Time flew by.

Four hours went by just like that.

The core areas of the mountain manor had practically been desertified. The places which originally possessed beautiful scenery all turned to dust, with chaotic yuan qi and aura circulating all around and fresh blood staining the land. If it was not for the sealing formation which Li Xiaofei had set up in the surroundings and above, the area within several hundred kilometers would have been affected, becoming a doomsday scene.

Thanks to the formation, the people in the other regions of Inferno City did not know what was happening in the mountain villa at all.

"Ah..."

A miserable roar of despair was heard as a guardian Saint of the Four Stars Sect was struck and his weapon was destroyed. Under the joint attacks of two Black Demon Martial Saints, he finally perished and turned into a rain of blood and white bones.

The two Black Demon Martial Saints themselves suffered significant injuries, but instead of stopping, they turned to attack the other Saints on the holy girl's side.

The situation slowly tilted in favor of Ye Qingyu's side.

He fended off Ao Tianzun using his halberd, then, with a clench of his left fist in the Void, he summoned the [Blood Drinker Sword], of which a mysterious force absorbed the Saint blood in the air.

"This is not good," Realizing something, Ao Tianzun's countenance shifted terribly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

