Chapter 733:


Chapter 751, Autumn water as spirit and sword as soul



In the sky.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was still in a daze, eyes dull and absent, zoning out once again.

The so-called protests and discontent were as insignificant as the sound of a breeze in her ear.

The guardian Saint turned stiff, and was about to say something.

It was at this time that the bald fatty Sheng Yan shouted aloud, “What are you doing? What? Ah, you don't agree, my big brother was just lazy to fight for a place. Don’t think other people are easy to bully because they are low-key. Those of you who don’t agree, come onto the arena, and my big brother will personally tell you.”

That sentence was as though sprinkling salt into a pot of gurgling oil.

The originally enraged experts’ eyes were red and blazing with anger.

A figure flashed, arriving instantly onto the battle arena.

“Come up for a fight.” The expert drew his sword, the tip pointing at Ye Qingyu from a distance. His aura surged like a sea, like a collapsing mountain, and thoroughly and proudly revealed his power of the peak Immortal Step boundary, as he bellowed, “If I, [Autumn Water Sword God], do not defeat you in one move, I will no longer use a sword in my life again.”

Ye Qingyu remained silent, a pondering look coming onto his face.

There were sounds of disdain and provocation all around.

Almost all experts thought Ye Qingyu was afraid.

“Big brother, big brother, it's time now, make a move, do not keep a low profile, you can't hide yourself anymore.” The bald Sheng Yan persistently made a wink at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu simply ignored the clamour around him.

He looked at the bald fatty, saying in a suspicious tone, “How can you be so sure that I will be able to beat a top Immortal Step boundary expert? You're not trying to get me up there to be killed, are you?”

“How would I.” The bald fatty shamelessly grinned, “Our brotherly relationship is so strong, how could I do that to you...” Before his voice faded, seeing that Ye Qingyu's expression was growing fierce, the fatty immediately looked serious and reassured him, “Hey, hey just joking, I am very sure that big brother is deeper than you seem, don't ask me why... But at such a time, being low-key is a kind of sin. Many opportunities in the martial arts world have to be fought for yourself. For you and I, it is like rowing a boat upstream, if you stop moving forward you can fall back, there is no retreat. Brother you must not be terrified.”

Ye Qingyu's face darkened.

He was simply speechless facing the fatty.

If this clown were to stand with Commander Wang Lijin of the Light camp, they can be considered as the two fatties with the worst mouth in history.

But...

Ye Qingyu also had to admit that the fatty’s words, although lowly, made somewhat sense.

Also, he had thought of more.

If the dark door was open for only three days, then that meant the trip to the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss would only take three days, and was worth giving a thought. After all, given the current situation, exchanging for the Black Demon Herb for three days of time seemed to be the best way. Moreover, some of the information revealed about the Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] Li Xiaofei made Ye Qingyu somewhat tempted. That year, Li Xiaofei was certain that there were traces of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors in the 18th district so he took the risk of entering. What was it that made a Quasi-emperor so sure that there are clues on the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors in the 18th district?

As everyone knew, the emergence of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors brought prosperity to the Human Race and allowed the Human Race to stand firmly in the world.

Later, the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors disappeared successively. Some people said that they had fallen, and others said they were lost, leading to the decline of the Human Race.

After the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors period, the Human Race struggled, and in the long history there were a few times that the Human Race had almost become extinct. The situation was dangerous, and as a result Li Xiaofei risked entering the 18th district in the hopes of recovering the former glory of the Human Race.

Now the door was wide open, and in the condition that it will not affect the assessment task of Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was not absolutely impossible for him to go in to take a look.

Ye Qingyu was not an absolutely stubborn man.

His way of thinking changed with the situation.

On the battle arena.

“Little child, are you afraid? Then get out of the Taowu Mountain Range.”

[Autumn Water Sword God] was aggressive, pointing his long sword insultingly from afar at the middle of Ye Qingyu's eyebrows.

The [Autumn Water Sword God], who was from the sacred land of swordsmanship, the  Nameless Mountain Manor, had a contemptuous and indignant expression on his face.

He felt that with his own status and identity, it was a disgrace for him to challenge such a vulnerable opponent. If it were not for a place of entering the dark Door of Life, a child like him did not deserve to stand in front of him, let alone have the chance to fight with him.

The sword light from a distance of hundreds of meters pointed straight in the middle of Ye Qingyu's eyebrows.

Ye Qingyu lifted his head.

Finally, in the midst of the loud disdain and ridicule, he nodded his head.

“Well, then let's fight.”

The moment his voice fell, a pair of purple lightning wings instantly grew on his back, spreading wide.

Purple brilliance flashed across the Taowu Mountain Range.

The power of the chaotic thunder liquid erupted to its fullest, without restraint.

All the noise and ridicule was completely gone at that moment.

The indignant and jealous experts suddenly found that they had made a huge mistake. That pair of purple thunder and lightning wings, as though they represented light and power in the darkness, was like a Fiendgod spreading its wings, its power and chaos affected the qi of all the experts present.

At this moment, under the illumination of the purple light, countless faces of consternation and shock finally felt the counterattack of the youngster who they had ridiculed and mocked.

Flashes of lightning.

Ye Qingyu landed on the arena.

Now that he had decided to accept the invitation of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, he had to show that his power was fitting of this invitation.

“Defeat me in one move? Haha... Then prepare to switch to using a knife in the future.” Ye Qingyu's warm smile concealed a fierce imposing manner. With a backhand grasp in the air, the huge [Blood Drinker Sword] came to his hands. At the same time, he activated the [Limitless Divine Way] to the [Sixth Limit]. His imposing manner was doubled again and again.

A sword slashed out.

[Soul Stealing Heaven Strike].

Ye Qingyu's giant wings shook, turning into flashes of lightning.

The effect of the first move of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General], the [Soul Stealing Heaven Strike], was multiplied several fold.

Before [Autumn Water Sword God] had reacted, Ye Qingyu had already broken through the field of his sword intent, standing before him. The [Blood Drinker Sword] had already been wrapped in majestic lightning and thunder, as though it had triggered lightning to pour down from the Ninth Heaven.

“Autumn water as the spirit and sword as the soul... Kill!”

Trembling, the [Autumn Water Sword God] resolutely activated and broke out his strongest sword killing move.

Boom!

The giant sword and the divine sword collided.

The [Autumn Water Sword God's] mouth twisted in a sneer. This degree of strength, yet he still wanted to...

En?

No, this is?

The smile on his face froze.

Because the familiar feeling of the yuan qi sword intent swimming around the body, which he had activated out to its fullest, had only reached halfway when he suddenly felt that his body had gone silent, as though sealed. The powerful yuan qi of the sword intent was frozen, and his usual skilful divine sword move was suddenly eliminated as the qi had reached only halfway.

The outcome of a battle between top experts could be decided in one move.

The eruption of the power of [Blood Drinker Sword] made the [Autumn Water Sword God] fail to operate his qi smoothly, and in the middle of administering an Autumn Water Sword move, was powerless to resist the attack. In the end, he spurted out jets of blood and was sent flying away.

“You...” He looked at Ye Qingyu in disbelief before falling unconscious.

Many experts of the Nameless Sword Manor hastily held onto him.

The whole process, from start to finish, ended in seconds.

Everywhere was utterly silenced.

The spectators were all top Immortal Step boundary experts, had plentiful fighting experience, and lightning-like eyesight, but all failed to see how the [Autumn Water Sword God] was defeated. Could it be that the sword of the beggar-like youngster contained some kind of unknown remarkable power? It should be said that the [Autumn Water Sword God], whether it was status, fame, or battle strength, was regarded as one of the strongest of the remaining experts, but even he was sent flying within seconds, leaving the experts who were originally indignant and discontent afraid to go onto the arena again.

And Ye Qingyu no longer wasted time with these people.

Putting away the [Blood Drinker Sword], the lightning wings behind him vibrated. He instantly came to the sky above, confident and elegant as a celestial Immortal, standing side by side with the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

“Let's go now to come back as soon as possible.” He looked at the guardian Saint and said, “Thank you elder, I am willing to accept the previous condition of Black Demon Herbs. That will be fine.”

At this time, the guardian Saint took a close glance at Ye Qingyu.

He smilingly gave the Black Demon Herbs to Ye Qingyu, “Haha, good, the background of a hero is not important... Young man, I almost misjudged you.”

“And me, and me.” Fatty darted up with a smug look on his face, standing next to Ye Qingyu.

All the major super forces were also looking at Ye Qingyu.

The performance of Ye Qingyu just now was an utter shock to them.

Many people could not see through the beggar-like youngster, but could tell clearly that he did not use all his strength to defeat the [Autumn Water Sword God] and had held back.

It was only now that the people present understood that the youngster was not simple and has been disguising himself all this time. Everyone began to speculate on what kind of identity the youngster had.

Although Lu Li and Yang Wanqu did not see through Ye Qingyu's disguise, but the expression they looked at Ye Qingyu with was of jealousy and disdain, as well as a hint of undisguised strong hostility.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden had chased them down and had almost kill them, so in their eyes the two people, Ye Qingyu and the fatty standing beside the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, were no different to enemies. Sinister light flickered in the duo's eyes as they whispered to each other, clearly not saying anything good.

Ye Qingyu saw the scene and did not speak.

At this point, everything had been settled.

All the places had been decided.

And in the sky, the dark door had also completely stabilized.

“Remember, the dark door is only open for three days, in these three days the 18th district is the least dangerous, you must return in less than three days. If you miss this deadline, you will never be able to come out again. When the danger inside breaks out you are bound to be buried inside.”

The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race spoke again.

After she left such a statement, along with two of the Black Demon Race experts under her command, she chose a dark door to enter.

Ye Qingyu did not know whether it was a misconception or not, but he was surprised to see that before the little girl entered the door she cast a glance toward him with a very strange expression, one that seemed to hold great meaning.

“Go!” The three people of the Sky Meteor Sect followed.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh.

Rays of light flashed, the qualified candidates successively entered the dark Door of Life.

The several guardian Saints released a Saint boundary power, like a vast body of water hanging in the sky, almost sealing the entire Fierce Beast Peak. Those who wanted to take advantage of the situation, upon the sight of this scene, had to put away that thought. Under the joint forces of the several great Saint experts, no one could pass through the dark door.

In the end, Ye Qingyu, Sheng Yan and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden also entered.

What kind of secret is hidden in the 18th
district
of the Black
Demon Abyss
?
Ye Qingyu curiously speculated in his mind.

Then a feeling of weightlessness due to traveling through space and time came. The sight in front of him darkened and the scenery blurred up.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 734:


Chapter 752, Black Tombstones



The feeling of space-time travel through the dark door was longer and more difficult than any formation teleportation that Ye Qingyu had ever experienced. He felt that his body was being squeezed by some terrifying force, like a fetus in a mother's womb before birth.

After approximately twenty breaths had passed by.

Ye Qingyu felt that his feet had firmly touched the ground.

The darkness was erased.

Colours and patterns began to appear in sight.

Ye Qingyu slowly opened his eyes, his vision was recovering. When he surveyed his surroundings, he was struck dumb with astonishment by the spectacle in front of him.

He found that he was standing on a huge black boulder, with a silver spatial wall barrier behind him, like a space tore apart from the Void by some kind of great power. The place was filled with a dangerous aura, like water flowing and rippling about, flickering indefinitely.

And in his whole field of vision, all that could be seen were numerous buildings that were close together, seemingly endless.

These buildings were of an ancient style. As far as the eye could see there were carved beams, decorated buildings, as well as beautifully styled pavilions and everything one could think of.

However... there was no water.

But there was wind.

The wind was howling.

Ye Qingyu felt a bit shaken by the sight. Many of the ancient buildings, like the illustrations found in tales, were of varying sizes and shapes, and the striking imposing and towering palaces and pavilions, supported by stone steps, extended all the way up to the furthest reaches of one’s vision, where there were still unexpectedly high-rise temples and halls.

Upon a closer look, in addition to the magnificent and bizarre ancient buildings, there were black spirit paths all around the stone steps.

The spirit paths were paved with black rocks, about ten meters wide, enough for horses to run across. Like a spider web, they shuttled between the buildings, stretching endlessly from the depths of the palace, as if directly linking to the boundless sky.

“This is... is this the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss? I didn’t expect it to look like this,” Ye Qingyi exclaimed in a low voice.

He originally thought that the 18th district would be similar to the previous 16th and 17th districts, being an expanse of wilderness, a forest, or an undeveloped desolate land. He did not expect to see an ancient city such as this.

Ye Qingyu surveyed the area.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was quietly standing on his left. He could not clearly see the expression under the strange Phoenix mask, but her eyes were still blank and without focus, seemingly gazing in the endless distance.

And on the right...

It was empty.

What was going on?

Where was the fatty Sheng Yan?

Didn't they get here together?

Why would the Celestial Phoenix
Maiden
be here but the fatty was nowhere to be seen?

He wouldn't have died on the way through the spacetime transportation, right?

Ye Qingyu made such a guess without malice.

But he also knew that it should not be the case. Although the transportation through the dark door was uncomfortable, it was not too dangerous. Moreover, the fatty was very mysterious and should not be as simple as he looked. He must have been concealing his strength or identity.

At the same time, what surprised Ye Qingyu was that there was no trace of the other experts that enter through the dark door.

“Could it be that one would be transported to a different place depending on the dark door taken?” Ye Qingyu speculated.

He calmed down a little but dared not to ignore the surroundings. He released his divine sense and observed the movements around him.

At that moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly observed a strange phenomenon.

In his line of sight, all of the palaces, pavilions and other buildings were, without exception, next to a giant black pillar about ten meters high, leaning closely and seemed a little strange.

“What is that, the black pillars... look like tombstones?” Ye Qingyu mumbled to himself.

“It's tombstones.” It was the voice of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

Her voice was cold and indifferent, and her tone was so peculiar that although she was clearly responding to Ye Qingyu, it sounded as if she were talking to herself or speaking to someone else.

Ye Qingyu was startled.

Was it really tombstones?

He looked closely again. The things that looked like black stalagmites and scattered between the palaces and buildings were blank stone tablets, which were indeed the tombstone style of the God and Devil Era. Each tombstone, although of varying height and width, had different inscriptions and markings, all were exquisitely carved from the same type of black and grey rocks.

Although there was no writing engraved on the tablets, there was still a tinge of sadness being exuded, as well as a hint of lingering aura that had transcended the era of ancient times.

“If they are really tombstones, then...” Ye Qingyu thought of another question.

Who were the many tombstones for?

Under the tombstones, who were buried?

There were at least one thousand of the black tombstones in sight, could there by corpses buried beneath all of them?

The more Ye Qingyu thought, the more frightened he was.

The scene before him added a feeling of silent decline to this side of the world.

In his heart, Ye Qingyu inexplicably wanted to lament.

From what he had observed through his divine sense, there was not a single life or aura in the endless ancient city. It was surrounded by silence, like a ghost city, incredibly chilling.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden did not say a word. She gracefully descended from the black boulder and then headed toward the desolate ancient city.

Ye Qingyu followed behind her.

One of his missions was to protect this female prodigy.

Along the flat spirit path and into the ancient, desolate, mysterious and empty city, there were low howls of wind. Yellow sand spread across the path, which covered the surroundings in dust. Upon a closer look, more of the ancient city’s grandeur and majesty was revealed.

“I’m certain it is the architecture of the God and Devil Era, and had most likely been around for countless years...” Ye Qingyu was incredibly surprised by this thought. The Black Demon Emperor was after the time of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, and far from the God and Devil Era, why would there be an empty city like this in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss?

Was it created out of thin air?

Or could it be that... this ancient city has another origin?

Ye Qingyu curiously followed behind the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, carefully observing the surrounding buildings.

Surrounding the palace buildings on both sides of the spirit path and tombstones were rows of towering and majestic statues of the Fiendgods of ancient times.

Each statue was about thirty or forty meters tall, created from an unknown black material similar to jade, delicate and glossy, and exuding a surging mysterious power, like the guardians of this side of the world.

In this ancient city, the lights were slightly dim, but one could still see everything, similar to night time in the outside world, and there were stars that twinkled overhead...

Wait?

Stars?

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something.

He threw his head back.

On the dark dome top, there seemed to be a river of stars quietly flowing across the vast and endless universe. The specks of stars above were twinkling with a gem-like luster, containing a power that was even more magnificent and ancient.

Could it be that we are in the Void of the universe... No, this is clearly the depths of the Black
Demon Abyss
, how can...

He wondered in his mind.

He released his divine sense to the top of the dome.

After several moments.

“So it was like this.” Ye Qingyu finally came to understand.

Through his divine sense, he could sense that it turned out to be an extremely old starry river formation from the ancient times. If it were not for his divine sense, it would have been impossible to detect the mysterious formation left behind by a powerful expert.

Ye Qingyu had once seen a similar formation in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], which was why he could recognize the origin of the formation on the dome.

But what made him astonished and fearful was the abundant power contained within the formation of these stars. If any one of the illusory stars were to fall down it could directly smash and shatter a person into pieces.

“I didn't expect... there to be such a sight behind the Door of Life...” Ye Qingyu couldn't help marveling again. “There are so many tombstones here. Could the legends be true... is this really the tomb of the Black Demon Emperor?” “

There was no response.

There was only the faint sound of airflow and the aura of the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden evidently had no interest in Ye Qingyu.

She quietly walked ahead without saying a word.

The golden Phoenix mask on her face glowed a glistening luster, and although her true face was not seen, her graceful figure was enough to reveal her ethereal beauty.

“Where are we going?”

Seeing how the Celestial Phoenix Maiden seemed to be travelling ahead aimlessly, Ye Qingyu finally couldn't help asking.

There was not the slightest response from the figure.

After a while, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden came to an abrupt stop.

Her eyes under the Phoenix mask seemed to be gradually focusing, flashing a glimmer of brilliance, and suddenly fixed on a place in the distance.

Immediately, she twisted her head to look at Ye Qingyu, her voice cold as before as she said, “Do you feel it?”

“Feel... what?” Ye Qingyu was a little startled.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden turned her head back, moved her feet, and darted ahead, completely paying no attention to Ye Qingyu any longer.

Ye Qingyu showed an inexplicable expression of helplessness.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden was just like an iceberg. Unless she wanted to say it herself, she took no notice of him and simply answered nothing from him, otherwise she would never open her mouth.

So Ye Qingyu did not continue to ask.

But in the depths of his heart, Ye Qingyu also found it strange. Just now he really did not notice anything special around them, but there must be a reason why the Celestial Phoenix Maiden asked him that question.
What was it that she felt at that moment?

What could it be?

Ye Qingyu did not think too much about it, closely followed the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, left the corner they were standing in and went along one of the winding spirit paths.

Along the path he saw the beautiful and dazzling empty city.

Along the sides of the spirit path, the palaces, temples and towers were built with an extremely unadorned and ancient style and in unique shapes. The exterior was majestic, grand and imposing, full of an extremely old and mysterious ethereal air.

There didn't seem to be anything strange.

The legendary danger still had not come——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 735:


Chapter 753, Ancient city of the God and devil era·Strange changes

One behind the other, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and Ye Qingyu walked across the magnificent giant ancient city, quietly and neither fast nor slow, just like they were here sightseeing.

Ye Qingyu's task here was just to follow the female genius. Once the three days of time was over and they had left the 18th district he would have completed the task. As to whether he could obtain the so-called great opportunity or see traces of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors, it would all depend on his luck. Therefore, he was not impatient at all.

With such a mentality, Ye Qingyu carefully observed the surrounding buildings.

To tell the truth, he had never seen buildings of the God and Devil Era that still preserved their complete and unique style in today's world. Even the description in a lot of ancient books was based on some seriously damaged ancient ruins. Having studied the records of the God and Devil Era before, Ye Qingyu was very interested in these ancient buildings.

The buildings on both sides of the spirit path were mostly palace buildings.

The top of each palace and along the eaves were like flying swallows, while the beam of the ridges were like the tail of a Phoenix. Different statues of ancient beasts were sat on the ridge of the eaves, roaring to the boundless sky, ready to pounce and to tear apart the void. All statues were of creatures of the God and Devil Era \, and most of them were now extinct.

Further to the distance, the jade buildings and pavilions with characteristics unique to the ancient God and Devil Era were arranged in picturesque disorder. What was even more peculiar was that the water flowing around the pavilions was not a clear spring, but a pale mysterious yellow mist, densely floating around and making these pavilions that were strewn between palaces appear like a fairyland.

This ancient city of the God and Devil Era must not be that simple, and is definitely not created by the Black Demon Emperor...
Ye Qingyu speculated in his mind.

The martial arts emperor of the Black Demon Race was also said to be remarkable, but he was after the period of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors and far from the God and Devil Era, therefore why would he be obsessed with the architecture of the God and Devil Era.

After a while.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden gradually slowed down her speed.

Ye Qingyu was examining these buildings in high spirits, when he saw something that made his eyes light up and even stepped out of the spirit path to observe the surrounding building up close...

Next to the spirit path on his left stood a two-storey stone house.

The stone house was no more beautiful and exquisite than the other engraved and decorated buildings. Instead, the four walls were built with a very minimalist style and the material was nothing special. It was constructed from the black rocks commonly seen in the Black Demon Abyss, and there weren’t any beautifully carved patterns on the eaves nor did it have glazed tiles as roof.

Ye Qingyu came to the front of the stone house.

The closer he got, the more he felt the strange power being emitting out slowly from the stone house.

“Huh?” This stone wall is emitting the power of a formation...”

Ye Qingyu was both astonished and suspicious.

He gently covered the wall with his palm.

A feeling that sent his heart palpitating came.

The whole stone house seemed to have come to life, there was a heavy and powerful pulse beating rapidly. The force of the shock suddenly poured into the palm of Ye Qingyu and numbed his entire arm.

“This is... a defense formation of the ancient times!”

He stood there shocked.

These buildings were strengthened with the defense formation of the ancient times.

“No, it's not complete... the formation in this house has been damaged and destroyed...” Ye Qingyu looked closely and noticed more details.

Clearly, because of time, there were little aura and power left in the formation. The effect of time can obliterate even the Fiendgods that had once claimed to be Immortal and even the martial arts emperor, known to be invincible, let alone such formations.

“These formations may be incredibly powerful back then, but today, there is little left...” Ye Qingyu lamented.

Additionally, there was one very strange thing.

From Ye Qingyu's observation along the way, he discovered that next to every palace, hall, pavilion, and buildings there was a tall and wide stone tablet of different shapes, but all similarly black and without writing.

The originally magnificent and vast ancient city, set against such black tombstones, appeared gloomy and eerie like a land of ghost and spirits.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden has already moved around a bend and continued to walk forward.

Ye Qingyu trotted after.

After one hour.

The buildings on both sides of the spirit path began to change.

The tall palace buildings disappeared and were replaced by black sculptures and statues of up to hundreds of meters high.

“This is... Qiu Niu [TN Note: A hybrid of cow and dragon]?!” Ye Qingyu was astonished.

The statue in front of him was a mythological beast, hovering over a guqin, with jade-like scales, eyes tightly closed and facing skyward. It was vivid and realistic, like a real living creature.

Ye Qingyu recognized that the mythological beast was one of the nine offspring of the legendary dragon.

The carving and work of the statue was exquisite, which Ye Qingyu had never seen before in his life.

Upon a closer look, one would find that each of its scales was fluctuating with the power of the dragon, as if the Qiu Niu was alive, but simply petrified by some kind of remarkable power.

“This carving skill can be called the work of the gods...” Ye Qingyu couldn't help but marvel at the sight. “It's just...t why is the Qiu Niu's eyes closed tightly?”

Then he followed the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and walked another one thousand meters.

In the direction of the rear of the pavilion on the left side of the spirit path was another scene that came as a shock to him.

“Another divine statue!”

He trotted towards the edge of the spirit path.

Appearing in his field of vision this time was a mythological beast statue crouching on the ground with a body similar to a tiger or leopard and the head and neck of a dragon, and was holding a sword in its mouth. Although its eyes were closed he still could feel that it was glaring at him.

“This is Ya Zi, one of the nine offspring of the dragon.”

Ya Zi looked ferocious and aggressive, surging with killing intent, and even from afar, he already felt its imposing and murderous aura.

Why would these statues of mythological beasts be placed around the buildings?

Ye Qingyu had read about the statues of divine beasts in the ancient records and books. The mythological beasts such as the nine offspring of the legendary dragon, each had a different meaning, representing different powers, whether evil or good, and were powerful representatives. However, these divine statues were generally used in the temple or halls as objects of worshipping. Why were they placed on the edge of the path in this ancient city?

At this moment, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, following the spirit path, was climbing the steps and heading towards another group of buildings.

Ye Qingyu had to stop observing and hurriedly caught up to her.

After another distance of more than one thousand meters.

Ye Qingyu deliberately looked around as if he was looking for something.

On the left side of the spirit path, next to a palace building, there was another towering and mighty mythological beast statue, imposing and fierce. It bent forward with its back straight, and its limbs were like strong and powerful pillars, positioned as if it would leap up at any time, revealing a haughty and aggressive air.

“This mythological beast... it's Chao Feng, one of the nine offspring of the dragon isn't it...?” Ye Qingyu looked closely at the statue in front of him and muttered to himself.

But it's kind of strange, how come these mythological beasts all have their eyes closed?

In addition to the Qiu Niu and Ya Zi he saw before, as well as Chao Feng in front of him, the three mythological beasts, though majestic and ferocious as living creatures, all had their eyes tightly closed.

More importantly, he found a strange pattern.

The distance between these mythological beasts was around a thousand meters, and it could almost be said that every time he followed the spirit path and climbed a set of steps he would see another mythological beast statue.

Such a layout was seemingly strange, but had a regular pattern. What exactly was the purpose?

Ye Qingyu of course did not think that the statues of the mythological beast were placed here and there and with a distance of around a thousand meter between each other, just for the sake of beauty.

“These lines...”

While puzzled, he was suddenly attracted by the exquisite carving lines of the mythological beast statues.

These smooth and exquisite lines seemed to contain some sort of mysterious power, that when Ye Qingyu focused his eyes on them, his whole body and mind seemed to be deeply absorbed in it.

“Could it be... every strand of line... contained Dao power...”

He suddenly remembered that during his time in Youyan Pass he had once followed the [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing to the Snow Ground Demon Court and had seen Mister Liu paint on the boat. In his painting, there was a hint of Dao power.

At that time, he also happened to inherit that wisp of Dao power, which was why he was able to succeed in raising his spirit.

And the power within these mythological statues was many times greater than that of the painting.

After a moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly looked a little strange, his aura began to grow calm and steady.

He raised his head slowly, his torch-like gaze moving along the lines of the dragon's body gradually to the tight shut eyes of the mythological beast.

At the same time, a bizarre scene took place.

Seconds ago, Ye Qingyu was still standing in front of the mythological beast, but now his vision blurred.

When he opened his eyes again, he found himself standing on top of a raging wave of a red ocean. The waves were connected to the red clouds in the distance, surging up violently and seemed to be sweeping everything of the world to the bottom of the ocean.

The whole sky had turned into an expanse of scarlet red, as if it was set ablaze.

“This is... where is this?”

Ye Qingyu stared at the surging ocean and rushing red clouds in the sky, completely unaware of where he was.

Aoo!

Suddenly, a wild roar sent the world quaking.

From the whirlpools of the distant waves, a ferocious-looking and powerful beast suddenly leapt out of the sea. Its tremendous mountain-like body pounced toward Ye Qingyu.

“It's Chao Feng!”

Trembling, Ye Qingyu couldn't help tightening his fist.

The next moment.

Amidst the earth-shaking bellow, before Ye Qingyu could react, the mythological God Chao Feng had already landed before him, blazing with a power unique to the Dragon Race that maked one feel despair. The power and aura were so real, and several times more horrifying than the pressure exuded from the several great guardian Saints before.

In a hurry, Ye Qingyu instinctively threw out a punch.

Boom!

A heavy punch that contained the power of thunder and lightning were aimed at the mythological beast Chao Feng——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 736:


Chapter 754 - Battle Vestiges


However, Ye Qingyu's fist was about as useful as a ball of cotton against an ancient mythological beast.

The very next instant, he was inevitably pounced upon and knocked down by the beast, whose hill-like foreclaws pressed down crushingly on his shoulders.

Blood began to flow from both of his shoulders, which were instantly torn apart and gashed down to the bone, before his arms were directly crushed. Subject to the power of this beast, his physical cultivation was as tough as paper. His bones were fragmented and his flesh was minced...

The beast's suppressive force caused Ye Qingyu to feel helpless and weak like never before, as if he was a dinghy on an ocean full of raging storms which could swallow it up at any time.

He flailed maniacally.

While enduring the terrible pain, he worked up all of the strength he could muster to try and break free from the sharp claws. However, his attacks were utterly futile, and he thus remained completely unable to move.

How could this be... this... this kind of marrow-deep pain isn't just an illusion... that mythological beast statue with its eyes closed just now... what's going on?

Riddles flashed across his mind in quick succession.

Could this be the danger of the 18th district, as mentioned in the legends?

No, I can't die.

I didn't enter this Door of Darkness just to give this beast an easy time.

He bellowed furiously.

Widening his eyes, he began to operate all of his trump cards.

But...

He was simply incapable of retaliating.

The legendary giant beast displayed near-fiendgod-level of power which, like a mountain weighing down, could not be withstood by any ordinary being.

Terrified, Ye Qingyu looked with a hint of despair in his eyes at the mythological beast, whose bloodied mouth was wide open to bare its peerlessly sharp fangs.

Just then, a weird change occurred.

A strange feeling suddenly climbed onto his shoulders.

His shoulders, which had been squashed into minced meat and muck, suddenly regained feeling. Now covered in a power that gave off a soft mist, they carried a tinge of warmth and an extremely mysterious aura.

Subsequently, all of his pain began to gradually subside.

His vision once again turned blurry.

A black hole instantly sucked in the beast which had opened its mouth to devour him, as well as all of the blood-colored waves, causing everything to become distorted. It seemed as if the entire plane was collapsing and the world was disappearing in smoke.

His vision regained clarity.

The exquisitely carved, supernaturally crafted mythological beast statue appeared in front of him again.

It stood erect beside the spirit path quietly and motionlessly despite the wind.

"This... just now... it was only a illusion."

Ye Qingyu felt as though he had survived a disaster.

He immediately understood.

However, the feeling earlier was certainly real. Everything was perfectly flawless about it, whether it was the beast's figure, actions, or aura, or every detail of that terrifying world. Even the pain Ye Qingyu suffered when his body was fragmented and crushed was unmistakable.

What a scary illusion.

Breathing heavily, his entire body continued to shudder uncontrollably, and his back was already drenched in cold sweat.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden who had been in front of him was now standing beside him, with her dainty, fair fingers, that were as slender as bulrushes, resting on his shoulders.

The source of the warm misty power was none other than those fingers.

Didn't expect it to be her who saved me.

"Thank you..." he hurriedly acknowledged.

He was fully aware that an illusion of such a terrifying level was not simple, and that there was a real possibility his soul would have been destroyed had he died within it, which would have been the case if not for the Celestial Phoenix Maiden's magical power-containing palm.

"Don't look at their eyes." Her voice remained chilly as ever.

She retracted her palm and turned her body to proceed forward without saying anything.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head as if thinking of something.

When he turned his head back, he fixed his gaze upon the lines on the sculpture instead of the eyes, but remained somewhat doubtful.

The Celestial Phoenix Maiden said "their". Does that mean I mustn't look at the closed eyes of the other two sculptures as well?

And who exactly left behind these scary sculptures?

And how did the Celestial Phoenix Maiden come to know about the horror of their eyes? And why does she have the power to dispel the illusion?

He carefully examined the lines on the other parts of the sculpture without looking at its eyes.

He indeed saw power that surpassed the Dao among these lines. Every line contained a frightening Dao essence law which was an extremely rare martial opportunity.

Never mind, let's just memorize these lines first and scrutinize them when I get out. Perhaps I can gain an opportunity out of them.

He memorized the lines on the body conscientiously.

After doing so for every line except those on its eyes, he carefully recalled the lines on the other two sculptures, and only turned to leave after making sure that he had committed them to memory.

On the subsequent road.

Pulao, Suanni, and Bixi...

Just like he had guessed, closed-eyed sculptures of the other dragon offspring appeared without exception on the left side of the spirit path, over a kilometer apart from each other.

He would approach each mythological beast sculpture and, while avoiding their eyes, memorize the lines on them before he proceeded ahead.

After passing by all nine sculptures of the dragon offspring, he further saw sculptures of the four ancient ferocious beasts, namely Taotie, Hundun, Taowu, and Qiongqi.

Every one of them was peerlessly exquisite and lifelike, and revealed an extremely savage and terrifying ferocity. They, too, had their eyes closed and were a kilometer or so apart from each other.

After memorizing the lines on these sculptures as well, Ye Qingyu followed the Celestial Phoenix Maiden and continued on the spirit path for another thirty minutes.

After ascending several flights of stone steps.

"Is this... a teahouse?"

Pausing his footsteps, Ye Qingyu looked curiously around a three-story high stone building which was by the side of the spirit path.

In the hall of the first story were arranged a dozen-odd primitively simple tables, on each of which were placed several teacups and a teapot. Some tables were also placed with several white or red porcelain bowls and dishes.

A cloth shop was right across from the teahouse. On its counter was laid out a completely intact animal coat which could be recognized as a top-grade pelage of a demonic beast at first glance. Two teapots with white bases and green surfaces were placed on a table directly in front.

This was clearly an arrangement which could only be seen while the shop owner was serving customers.

Similar teahouses and shops were tightly packed together on both sides of the street, which appeared to be even more prosperous than the Snow capital's liveliest street.

Moreover, there were signs of large flows of visitors left all over.

It was as if the duo had arrived in a town which used to be flourishing.

However, it was completely deserted at present, such that there was not even the tiniest breath of life detectable.

Everything has been preserved completely intact. It's as if the people here just up and disappeared...

Ye Qingyu became more and more mystified.

At the same time, he realized that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden showed no sign of pausing her footsteps and simply looked straight ahead ever since entering the town.

It was almost as though she was not the least bit doubtful or curious about this deserted place.

Seems that she already knew what it would be like here...

Perhaps these super powerful sects which have long formed alliances have a wider grasp on information than I thought.

Ye Qingyu swept a glance at the streetside calligraphy stalls before chasing up to the Celestial Phoenix Maiden.

After passing through the deserted city, they continued walking for another hour.

Within Ye Qingyu's field of vision, there were finally some changes to the backdrop of the ancient fiendgod cities.

A few buildings that had collapsed into rubble were blocking the road on the right side of the spirit path several hundred meters ahead.

There's a large stretch of ruins over there!

The duo quickly arrived in front of the ruins.

Broken walls, rubble, and debris of palaces and pavilions were scattered everywhere across the ruins, which were several hundred meters in circumference and could be said to be in a total mess. The crumbled roof tiles and thick palisades of which less than half a meter remained standing were vestiges that only a battle could have left behind.

Did a battle take place here?

Ye Qingyu's heart skipped a beat.

His pupils revealed an increasingly astonished expression as he carefully examined the direction which the rubble and debris had scattered to as well as the position which the walls had collapsed in.

This was because he had determined that these buildings had collapsed to the bombardment of a power generated by a single person in a single stroke in a single instant!

The strength of this person is simply too terrifying.

He actually managed to destroy these buildings which have been blessed by protective formations of the God and Devil Era and which even a Saint level expert cannot so much as shake. What's more, he apparently had a lot left in the tank, for the power which he used didn't affect the surrounding buildings.

Who could it be?

Ye Qingyu instinctively made a connection to the small groups of Heaven's pridelings who had entered the Doors of Darkness together and wondered if any of them could have been the culprit, but quickly refuted this idea.

Because nobody among them possessed such strength to begin with.

More importantly, by examining the surrounding vestiges, he reached a new conclusion: that the battle had most likely taken place way back in time. Dust shrouded the collapsed buildings and ground, giving them an ancient appearance and proving that the vestiges were not new.

These vestiges were formed during a battle which took place at least several thousand years ago... But why aren't there any corpses or other things left? What are the statuses of the two parties involved in this battle? And why did they come here?

He had many questions.

Just then, he saw at the corner of his eyes that there were several fragmented and broken strange bones lying around the periphery of the rubble and broken tiles...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

