Chapter 565:


Chapter 584, The days of fleeing

Ten days later.

In the winding and curving boundless Greater One mountains.

Under a hidden cliff, a breeze rippled a crystal clear lake and the fish in the water swam leisurely by moving its tail back and forth.

The lake was surrounded by ancient trees and the faint sun was seen setting from between the gaps of the trees, casting stripes of light onto the ground.

The cries of birds and beasts occasionally sounded in the forest, it was quiet and peaceful.

Thump!

A snow-white little dog jumped into the lake, chasing after a red carp in the water and breaking the silence of the lake.

“Woof! Where are you running to! Quickly come into Woof's mouth, hey, you can't run away!”

The snow-white dog that was speaking human language was the silly dog Little Nine who had escaped from the Greater One Sect with Ye Qingyu and the others.

At this time he had restored to his former mini body, and was pocket-sized and very adorable.

Not far from the lakeside, under the blotchy tree shadows, Ye Qingyu, Yu Xiaoxing and Old Fish were sat quietly, an exhausted look on their faces, especially Ye Qingyu, who had been wounded.

Yu Xiaoxing had changed into clean clothes and there was a faint smile on her delicate and beautiful face. She no longer had the miserable look as she did ten days ago when she was imprisoned in the Greater One Divine Lantern.

“Cousin, the people who just came to kill us are more powerful than those of the last few days,” Yu Xiaoxing stated.

Beside her, Ye Qingyu’s brows were tinged with exhaustion as he said in response, “Yes, there are more and more masters, and there are constantly people chasing after us. Every time we shake them off, we can hide only for a few hours every time. If it was not for the old man's hiding technique, we most likely would not have a minute of rest.”

“Yes, but as long as I am with cousin, there is nothing Xing’er is afraid of,” the girl said with a grin.

Ye Qingyu kept silent.

Ever since she had confessed her feelings in Heaven Wasteland Domain, this girl had been absolutely unrestrained.

Yu Xiaoxing pulled a face and then turned to Old Fish, “Right, I still have to thank Elder for helping me undo the seal. The Greater One Spiritual Master had sealed my five senses, if it was not for Elder, I don't know when I could remove the seal. We have been constantly avoiding people these days and I have not had an opportunity to thank Elder properly. I hope Elder does not mind.”

As she was speaking, she smiled and bowed to Old Fish.

“Haha, I don't mind, I don't mind.” Old Fish gave a wretched smile, his eyes narrowed to slits.

He was particularly fond of the weird little girl Xing’er.

“By the way, Xing’er, how's your injury? Do you feel better?” Ye Qingyu asked in a concerned voice.

“I am all right, the people of Greater One Sect were cautious in doing anything to me, and dared not torture me. My injuries are basically healed, there's nothing serious to be worried about.” Yu Xiaoxing laughed, picking up a stone to throw at silly dog Little Nine who was playing in the lake.

“Woof! Who is it, who dares throw a stone a Woof!”

Happily playing in the water, silly dog Little Nine immediately barked loudly when he was suddenly hit by a stone.

But when he turned to the lake and saw Yu Xiaoxing sticking her tongue out, his anger dissipated.

This girl was simply his bitter bamboo, sometimes Little Nine even dares to bully his master Ye Qingyu but when he faced this female creature, he felt like a scholar that can never win an argument with a military man.

Swiftly swimming to the shore, the silly dog cheerfully shook off the water droplets on his snow-white fur, and then scuttled onto Ye Qingyu's lap.

“Woof! The crown prince girl is bullying Woof, Woof has suffered a huge trauma!” The snow-white dog clasped his head and threw a mini tantrum.

Ye Qingyu's clothes were suddenly stained with water.

“You, speak properly... Hey, hey, hey? What are you doing? Don't think of trying to steal something from me again, no way!” Ye Qingyu mercilessly lifted Little Nine by the scruff of his neck, pulling him away from him.

Lifted into the air, silly dog Little Nine flapped about his four little short legs, and since his plan had been seen through by Ye Qingyu, he had no choice but to act dumb and shameless. “Woof, I’m not! Put Woof down.”

Yu Xiaoxing, upon seeing this, giggled covering her mouth, her eyes curved into crescent moon shapes.

Ye Qingyu was amused by the rascal-like dog. He smiled and put him on his lap to scratch his head.

Little Nine seemed to really enjoy Ye Qingyu rubbing his head, lifted his head for Ye Qingyu to scratch his neck, and then finally climbed onto Ye Qingyu’s shoulder, yawned, and dozed off.

After joking around, Ye Qingyu no longer asked about Yu Xiaoxing's injuries.

Because it was obvious that this girl was deliberately avoiding the topic.

Even if she did not say anything about it, Ye Qingyu knew that her injuries were absolutely not as simple as she had told him. In order to obtain the space-time coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Greater One Sect would resort to all crimes, and would use all sorts of secret techniques on this girl, and perhaps had even left Dao injuries on her. Although Old Fish had helped her remove the five sense seal, and Ye Qingyu had used Divine-level origin liquid to restore her cultivation, but for her to fully recover would most likely take a long time.

What's more, the three people were currently like stray dogs, almost chased after by the entire Clear River Domain. There was no time to cultivate or treat injuries.

Ye Qingyu did not waste any time to heal his injury.

In these ten days of being chased, even if Ye Qingyu’s physical body was exceptionally strong, it was still difficult for him to cope.

After a quarter of an hour, the tired expression on his face gradually faded.

Standing up to move his muscles, Ye Qingyu turned his head to look at Old Fish.

At this time Old Fish was sat quietly with his eyes closed, exercising his breathing.

Ten days ago, silly dog Little Nine led him and Yu Xiaoxing to break through the thousands of barriers of the Greater One Sect. Old Fish had suddenly come to find them on his own initiative, and the three people and one dog fled all the way to here.

Along the way they had encountered many pursuers, and often had to fight back with all their strength to get rid of them. Old Fish would use his powerful consciousness force to form a stealth formation that could keep their bodies and all their aura concealed.

Yet every time, before they hid themselves for long, they would encounter other pursuers.

It was because there were far too many pursuers that wanted to catch Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing in order to obtain the coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In these days of almost endless fighting, as the only main strength of the three people, Ye Qingyu was riddled with scars. His clothes were ragged, and he did not even have the time to change into clean clothes.

Silly dog Little Nine had also consumed a lot of energy from fleeing, and after every escape he must have a huge meal and then bury his head and sleep.

After Yu Xiaoxing was rescued by Ye Qingyu, Old Fish had helped her undo the seal placed on her. But the people of the Greater One Sect must have left a lot of internal injuries on her. She had been running all this time and did not have enough time to heal. Although her injuries did not look serious on the outside, but only she knew that if she continued to delay treating these internal injuries, it would become a serious trouble in the future.

Although Old Fish possessed quasi emperor consciousness power, but he also could not withstand such a long period of consumption of strength, and looked a bit drained.

At this moment, they had just gotten rid of the pursuers and finally had the opportunity to enjoy a moment of peace.

During these days of being constantly on the move, Old Fish had been unusually silent, seemingly preoccupied by some trouble.

Ye Qingyu noticed it but did not question further.

That day when Old Fish’s real form was exposed under the Clear Sky mirror, the Dao injuries that covered his entire body also made Ye Qingyu fearful of him. Recalling the origin of the Dao injuries that Old Fish had told him before, Ye Qingyu began to develop more respect for the old fool.

Ye Qingyu had obtained specks of news from some of his defeated pursuers.

For the past 10 days, the entire Greater One Sect had been in a state of war. The entire Clear River Domain had turned frantic, like a small flame was thrown into a pot of hot oil, erupting in flames, with the Greater One Sect as the center. Chaos rapidly spread to the entire Clear River Domain, and flames of war started everywhere.

However, the ones he caught were all unimportant characters and he didn't get enough information.

Having been fleeing across the Greater One mountains for ten days, they were in the dark about the current outside situation.

Ye Qingyu also had no time to think of other things, now he could only take advantage of the fact that he had not been found to resume his optimum state in preparation for the next round of flighting.

The sky was getting dark.

They had been resting on the lakeside for a while, and in order to avoid being discovered, Ye Qingyu decided to change hiding place.

At this time, something happened.

In the distant void came a very secretive movement of yuan qi fluctuation.

Old Fish’s closed eyes suddenly shot open, and the aura around him suddenly changed greatly.

Almost at the same time, Ye Qingyu looked as alarmed as a frightened beast, staring closely at the depths of the forest, keeping a sharp lookout.

The identity of him and Yu Xiaoxing was special. Various forces of Clear River Domain had been chasing after them for ten days straight, and if it was not for Old Fish’s stealth technique, even if their escape ability was much stronger, they most likely would not have been able to repeatedly escape. Several times, they were nearly caught, but the good coordination amongst them allowed them to successfully escape.

He and Yu Xiaoxing had become the most precious treasures of Clear River Domain, all forces were determined to get their hands on them!

“Someone's coming so soon?” Ye Qingyu pondered, exchanging a glance with Old Fish.

Old Fish slightly knitted his brows in a frown, as though he had sensed something but was not quite certain yet.

Yu Xiaoxing's beautiful, big eyes grew serious.

Silly dog Little Nine gritted his teeth, silently hissing, leaped down from Ye Qingyu's shoulder, and restored himself to a two-person-high body size.

Ye Qingyu stood on guard against the fluctuation of yuan qi within the depths of the forest, and the other party seemed to be trying to conceal their traces. The exposed yuan qi was almost nonexistent, but Ye Qingyu could evidently sense that the other side was rapidly moving closer in their direction!

Ye Qingyu secretly passed a message to Yu Xiaoxing and Old Fish to immediately flee!

The three people jumped on the back of Little Nine, as Little Nine transformed into a stream of white light and darted to the eastern direction.



The next moment.

A dark golden beam of flowing light appeared in the position where Ye Qingyu and the others were just now.

Without pausing, the dark golden light had determined the direction where Ye Qingyu and other people had fled and continued to chase.

While being chased, Ye Qingyu was able to perceive that the speed of the other party was much faster than he had imagined; his heart tightened.

Ye Qingyu knew that this time he could not simply rely on speed to escape; the other party was too strong.

Then let's fight.

Burning with rage, his arms had already changed into dragon form, ready to battle to stall for time to allow Yu Xiaoxing to leave first.

But at this moment, Old Fish suddenly discovered something, the grave expression on his face disappeared, pressing on Ye Qingyu's arm, he smiled and shook his head, then said, “No need to run, you can stop.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 566:


Chapter 585, The current chaotic situation

Little Nine was taken aback for a moment, and then slightly slowed down.

And just as Ye Qingyu looked extremely puzzled, a loud laugh sounded——

“Haha! Finally found you, brother you can run really fast!”

It was a familiar voice.

It was Hu Bugui.

Ye Qingyu immediately felt a huge weight off his mind when he heard this voice. He breathed out a sigh of relief, and patted Little Nine on the head, motioning him to stop.

In a flash the dark golden beam of light streaked across the horizon and steadily stopped in front of Ye Qingyu. The dark golden halo of light dissipated, and three figures appeared before Ye Qingyu and the others.

It was Hu Bugui, Liu Shaji, and Nan Tieyi!

The three people were also covered in dust. As they neared and saw Old Fish, a little stunned look crossed their faces. Thinking about what happened at the Storm Sword Duel, the identity of Old Fish was too strange, they did not know how to address Old Fish for a while.

Only Hu Bugui laughed heartily, came over to wrap his arm around Old Fish’s shoulder and said, “Haha, I told you, this old man, pretending to be a master, is indeed a lie.”

Old Fish cast a sidelong glance at Hu Bugui, “Humph, come on, I am an elder!”

The others also could not hide their smile when they heard these words.

The atmosphere suddenly became relaxed.

“Xing'er, these are the friends that I met in Clear River Domain.” Noticing the slight doubtful expression on Yu Xiaoxing’s face, Ye Qingyu introduced them to her.

“Haha, so you know this girl. That day when I saw you staring at this girl I thought it was because you have tender protective feelings towards women.” Hu Bugui aimed a punch at Ye Qingyu's stomach, and then came a muffled sound. “Haha, little girl, I am famous in Clear River Domain, tell me if someone dares to bully you. Old Hu, I, will help you kill them!” Hu Bugui  said to Yu Xiaoxing as he slammed his chest.

Yu Xiaoxing's eyes gleamed with a crafty glint, as she said grinning, “All forces of Clear River Domain want to capture me, can you help me defeat them all?”

Upon hearing her response, Hu Bugui’s face flushed in embarrassment, scratching his head awkwardly, and then suddenly laughed, “Haha, I can’t fight them all at once but, in batches, they are not a problem for us brothers, haha.”

Everyone burst into laughter again.

Old Fish rolled his eyes, sat back down, and continued conserving his energy by closing his eyes.

Ye Qingyu then introduced Yu Xiaoxing to Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi, and Yu Xiaoxing bowed to each of them.

Ye Qingyu invited the several people to sit down, a load easing off his heart.

Ever since the separation ten days ago, they had lost contact with each other. It would be impossible for him to say that he wasn't worried about the safety of these three people. And now that everyone was finally gathered back together, he finally heaved a sigh of relief.

The sky was dark, and everyone was sat around a campfire.

“That day I had to take Xing’er to escape first, how did you escape later?” Ye Qingyu asked, looking down in shame.

Hu Bugui laughed, “We all understand the situation that day! After you escaped, all the super forces were desperately chasing after you like a madman whose wife had been taken away. Our pressure also lessened a lot, and us three took the opportunity to escape. If it was not for my treasure, we really wouldn’t be able to catch up to this white dog... where did you pick up this super fast dog?”

When Hu Bugui finished, he curiously stared at the silly dog Little Nine.

Little Nine at this moment had restored to his mini form, lying on Ye Qingyu shoulder snoring loudly.

Ye Qingyu leaned his head sideways to look at the asleep Little Nine, “Thanks to this silly dog, he has done a lot these days.” Ye Qingyu suddenly changed the topic. “Right, these days there are more and more enemies, and they are fiercer than the ones before, I feel like all the forces of the domain have gathered at the Sky Wing mountain range, it will be incredibly difficult to escape Greater One mountains. How is the current situation outside?”

Hu Bugui replied, “Don’t ask, the situation is not good. These days we have been constantly evading the enemies, but heard a lot of things along the way. That day when the demon clan attacked the Greater One Sect, caught off guard, the Greater One Sect suffered disastrous losses and many disciples have died... But the Greater One Sect has a solid foundation and its sect had not been breached.”

“Well, that’s expected, as an overlord of Clear River Domain, the Greater One Sect will not fall easily,” Ye Qingyu stated.

Hu Bugui continued, “I heard the Greater One Sect’s power had diminished a lot. The disciples had retreated to the eight peaks, and the area that they currently hold is only the tens of thousands of miles of Greater One mountains. All the major towns and strongholds that the Greater One Sect ruled before, as well as the power of the Fragrance Plains, have been taken by the Demon Spider clan during the chaos. It can even be said to be a heavy loss and its constitution greatly injured. They luckily survived this, but it will most likely take hundreds of years of time for them to be restored to their former power.”

“In other words, the Greater One Sect does not have the power to control the entire Greater One mountains?” Ye Qingyu said thoughtfully.

“Well, now the Greater One Sect is not in charge of the Greater One mountains. While running away the three of us heard that all forces of Clear River Domain have flocked to the Greater One mountains, the situation is chaotic, and all the signs are pointing to you,” Hu Bugui’s gaze swept back and forth between Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing as he spoke. “While we were running away, we noticed that all over the Greater One mountains there are traps and formations, and any person will dare to set up formations across the mountain. It is like a patchwork, big and small, and there are various kinds. There are at least 90,000. Even the periphery is like a water bucket, and not even a fly can fly out.”

Liu Shaji sighed, “It’s not difficult to break through a trap, but what’s difficult is that there are too many traps and also they are linked to each other. If we make a little movement, we will be found. And before we can break through the traps to escape, we will be surrounded. A few days ago we have tried a few times, it is almost impossible to forcibly break through, so we had to return to figure out a way. But we were incredibly lucky today and found traces of you guys.”

Ye Qingyu’s heart sank when he heard this, and coldly smiled, “It seems they are determined to get their hands on me and Xing’er. They most likely have not just set traps, right?”

Liu Shaji nodded. “Well, in addition, the major forces have issued a reward, whether they capture you alive or provide effective information, there will be a huge reward.”

“A huge reward?” Ye Qingyu smiled faintly.

At the mention of the reward, Hu Bugui immediately turned excited and began to explain thoroughly like he was very familiar with the matter. “The Greater One Sect states that whoever brings you back alive will be rewarded a top divine weapon, but this may not be true, according to trustworthy information they will be rewarded with ten pounds or even one thousand pounds of origin crystal as a reward. The Nangong family also put forward a divine weapon called the Absolute Gugin! The Sky Demon Palace offered a drop of blood essence, I heard that it is the blood of the heart of a top Immortal Step demon expert! The Demon Spider Race also put forward a rare treasure, but no one has said what treasure it is.”

“Haha, all of them have placed a big wager.” Ye Qingyu's face flashed with a vague smiling expression.

“Right there is more, your master, the old man, has also been offered a reward.” Hu Bugui sniggered.

“Hm?” Old Fish’s eyebrows were raised when he heard what was said, curled his lips and asked, “Tut-tut, those little bastards, dare to involve me in this?”

Hu Bugui, Liu Shaji, and Nan Tieyi all seemed to be laughing in a suppressed way. Confused, Old Fish’s small eyes narrowed, glaring at Hu Bugui and snorted.

“It's not hard to understand.” Ye Qingyu laughed. “Old man has lived for so long. Although now he does not have any power, but, his knowledge is incomparable, he is living history. However,” Ye Qingyu also sensed that something was wrong, turned to Hu Bugui and the other two people, saying puzzledly, “hey, you three, what is this expression?”

“Hahahaha.” Hu Bugui slapped his leg and burst into uncontrolled laughter.

Liu Shaji’s face was tightened with suppressed laughter, clearing the voice but did not speak.

Ye Qingyu's eyes shifted to Nan Tieyi, who looked awkward and a little embarrassed.

“Quickly, tell me what's going on?” Yu Xiaxoing who had been quietly listening at the side couldn't stand it any longer, bluntly asked Nan Tieyi.

Nan Tieyi looked at Old Fish, who was pretending to be unconcerned.

“This, it’s just a mediocre force has offered a reward for those who capture Elder.” Nan Tieyi carefully chose his words.

“Woof, what treasure is there for those who captured the old man!” The silly dog Little Nine’s appetite was piqued, from his expression, it was evident that he was interested in the reward. He just needed to find a chance to knock Old Fish unconscious to receive the reward.

“This…” Nan Tieyi seemed to not know how to continue.

“Hahahaha, I can't hold it any longer! Hahaha.” Hu Bugui let out a very loud laugh before he said, “The reward is two fish!”

“Two... two fish? This is too much!” Old Fish immediately jumped up, stomping madly in aggravation.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback for a moment, then asked, “Two fish?”

“Actually it is a very rare kind of spirit fish, there are very few of them, they taste very delicious,” Liu Shaji explained in a serious tone.

“So what if it tastes delicious, I am only worth two fish?! I am so infuriated!” Old Fish fumed. Even though he had experienced and weathered countless storms, being looked down on was unbearable to him.

“Okay, okay, let’s not talk about this... What other news is there? How is the situation in Clear River Domain?” Ye Qingyu quickly changed the topic to prevent Hu Bugui and the others from infuriating Old Fish again.

Hu Bugui held in the laughter and responded to Ye Qingyu, “Besides the Greater One Sect, several major forces had suffered certain damage. It is rumoured that the Masters of the Nangong family and the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect were wounded during the fight against the Demon Spider Race. The Sky Demon Palace has temporarily remained neutral. And a few Immortal Step experts of the Demon Spider Race have also fallen. At present, the Human Race and the Demon Race are in a temporary confrontational state after the first battle, it is peaceful for now, but obviously, this kind of peaceful state cannot last for long, war could break out at any moment.”

Nan Tieyi also nodded with a serious look on his face. “The Human Race and the Demon Race have been fighting continuously for a long time, but it has always been even. However, this time the balance may be broken. Not long now, the final ruler of the Clear River Domain will be determined. If the Demon Race wins, the people of Clear River Domain will be reduced to meat for the Demon Race!” ————

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 567:


Chapter 586, Meeting old friends again

Liu Shaji sighed, “The forces of Clear River Domain have been fighting endlessly, the people have different minds, and although we are all part of the Human Race, they only care about their own interests. It is really sad, really exasperating!”

“Now the Human Race of Clear River Domain is almost at war with the Demon Race, yet their minds are still placed on me and Xing'er. All parties and forces are eyeing up the Heaven Wasteland Domain, it really is ridiculous.” Ye Qingyu was also furious.

Old Fish grunted and said nothing.

The atmosphere suddenly grew heavy.

Hu Bugui and the others were also inwardly irritated.

A moment later, Liu Shaji suddenly broke the silence, “By the way, two days ago we accidentally met a small three-membered demon wolf clan group. They were around the Heaven Ascension stage of cultivation. We hid our scent and followed their tracks and overheard that the Demon Spider Race has invited an oracle from the Ghost Valley, who had helped them calculate that the evil members of Heaven Ascension were still in the Greater One mountain area, so a large number of teams have been dispatched to find traces of you guys!”

“Ghost Valley? Oracle?” Having never heard of it before, Ye Qingyu puzzledly looked at Liu Shaji.

Liu Shaji then continued, “Yes, the oracle of the Ghost Valley. I heard that the people of Ghost Valley have the power to predict the future, as long as there is some specific medium and one pays the corresponding price, they can find your location. The wolves know you are in Greater One mountain. Although they do not know your specific location, but what the oracle of the Ghost Valley said was not a lie and the Demon Spider Race probably knows your position even more accurately!””

“So we're in a really much more dangerous situation.” Ye Qingyu slightly knitted his brows, pondering about something.

“Humph, brother, don't be afraid, there are several of us with you, as long as us brothers unite, we certainly can find ways to break out!” Hu Bugui said firmly, clapping his hand on Ye Qingyu’s shoulder.

Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi also encouraged Ye Qingyu with a reassuring gaze.

Ye Qingyu’s heart trembled, although he had not known Hu Bugui and the other two for long, but their courage and loyalty sent a warm current gushing to his heart.

“Their main target is me and Xing’er, if you split up with us, it will be more likely that you will escape,” Ye Qingyu suppressed the warmth within his heart, saying faintly.

Hu Bugui flew into a rage when he heard what was said, slapped his thigh and jumped up, “Bah! Who do you think I, old Hu, am? Do you not treat me as a brother! I, Hu Bugui, am not someone who is afraid of death!”

Liu Shaji stood at Hu Bugui's side, looked Ye Qingyu in the eye and said firmly, “Fate brought us all together. Do you think we will leave you by yourself because of a little crisis! That day you stood against Greater One Sect in order to save me, how could I leave you alone today?”

Nan Tieyi did not say anything, but the look on his face had already explained everything.

Ye Qingyu was inwardly moved. Seeing the response from the three people, the warmth inside him was stronger than before.

“Thanks, brothers,” Ye Qingyu said faintly.

Thousands and thousands of words became one sentence.

They saw each other's sincerity and the fearlessness in each other's eyes.

Hu Bugui clapped his hand upon Ye Qingyu's shoulder and he emitted another hearty laugh. “Hahaha, come, come, don't say these things. Brother don't regard us as outsiders, bring out your good wine, we were chased constantly these days and have not had a moment of peace. Not to mention the time to drink, my mouth has almost dried out!”

Everyone laughed away. Ye Qingyu generously took out the ice dragon wine from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] to share with everyone.

Although accompanied by good wine, everyone still had a heavy heart knowing the current difficult situation.

While drinking wine, they began to talk again.

Hu Bugui took a deep gulp of wine, belching and wiping the wine residues on the corner of his mouth with his arm, before he said, “Now the Human Race and the Demon Race are in confrontation, war is imminent; it is a reshuffling process for the Clear River Domain. Ever since the deterioration of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, the Clear River Domain has been in muddy waters. The Heavenly is not prospering, and morals are declining. I only hope that after the war Clear River Domain will usher in a new life, and will no longer be as chaotic as it is today!”

Upon hearing this, everyone’s expression grew serious.

Hu Bugui at this moment wore a rare solemn look on his face, and a heroic manner was radiating from his body.

“Yes, it is a good thing to take this opportunity to dispel the evils of the Human Race,” Liu Shaji said.

“It will most likely plunge the people into misery and suffering.” Nan Tieyi sighed, as though he could already see the bloodbath and the scene of the end of the world.

Old Fish sneered, saying disdainfully, “Haha, too softhearted! To rule the world, one must cast bones and blood. If one had not experienced pain how can they be as bright as the sun and moon? Back then the Thunder Emperor killed all the sources of disaster like an Asura, and paid the price of the death of countless masters. You think he didn't need to use force to make all others surrender? At any time, only with strength does one have the capital to speak, to kill! Otherwise, how would the Human Race have had stability and peace back then?”

Nan Tieyi's heart was racing when he heard what was said.

Old Fish's speech had touched upon his heart.

He silently compared the Immortal God Emperor's commandment with Old Fish's words, and unconsciously his heart was clearly swayed.

It could be said that, ever since he met Ye Qingyu, Old Fish, Hu Bugui and Liu Shaji, his heart had undergone a subtle change, that he did not know.

Now, the words of Old Fish were like a wake-up call, awakening him from a deep, long sleep and stirring his mind.

Unconsciously, he began to agree with Old Fish!

Nan Tieyi no longer said anything else, put the wine cup to his mouth, raised his neck, and gulped it down.

It was the first time that they saw Nan Tieyi so bold and unrestrained. Ye Qingyu vaguely felt that Nan Tieyi had changed a little.

……

……

In the following days.

Almost every half a day Ye Qingyu and the other others were found in various strange and bizarre ways. They were ambushed and attacked by various parties and sects.

Each and every battle was inevitable.

As they say, a few cannot fight against many, a tiger cannot stand against a pack of wolves. Although Ye Qingyu and the others were all outstanding talents, but in the face of an endless stream of enemies, they had no choice but to flee.

After a period of time, the several people, except Yu Xiaoxing, were all wounded.

Even Little Nine’s left hind leg was limping from the aftermath of a sacred weapon during a battle.

The sect masters who have been living in seclusion for many years and who many people thought have died, were at this time advancing into the boundaries of the Greater One mountain in waves to be the first to find Ye Qingyu, the living coordinates.

……

In the light sphere of the boundary void.

“Bah bah, these old farts, have they not shut themselves away from the matters of the world long ago? How come now they are all approaching like swarms of flies!”

Hu Bugui curled up in a grey light ball.

It was a concealing light sphere that formed from a grey tile on his body that had been infused with yuan qi.

“Hahaha, I didn't think that one of the Great Thiefs of Clear River Domain would be chased by others. Even you are in a difficult situation today.”

Liu Shaji stood within the Five Multicoloured Star formation that Old Fish created with his consciousness power, a look of mockery on his face.

His black clothes were unstained by a speck of dust, his posture was relaxed and calm, and he was seemingly unaffected by the coming attacks and ambush.

Next to him, Nan Tieyi was gently brushing away the dust on his sleeve, the corner of his mouth revealing a little undisguisable smiling expression.

“A person's talent will arouse the envy of others, and we have two living people, it becomes a sin.” Old Fish cast a sidelong glance at Ye Qingyu who was also standing within the Five Multicoloured Star formation, an evil smiling curving his lips.

Ye Qingyu responded with a slightly embarrassed smile.

He stretched out his hand and scratched the back of his head, trying to say something.

Silly dog Little Nine suddenly looked to the White Birch Forest in the southwestern direction with glaring eyes, grinding his teeth.

“There's something!”

The several people immediately tensed up, standing on the alert.

In the southwest direction the yuan qi was being deliberately hidden to a very subtle state, like a wisp of a light fog, if it was not for the silly dog Little Nine, they most likely would not realize until the experts have stepped into their area of defense.

“Run.”

Ye Qingyu said.

The next moment.

They were very well coordinated, one by one concealing their aura to the fullest.

Old Fish's Five Multicoloured Star formation light, suddenly like the petals of flowers, gathered toward the center, drawing him, Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi into the center of the bud and flashing away.

Petals folded in an instant, while silly dog Little Nine quietly carried Ye Qingyu and Xing’er hundreds of meters away.

“Hey... wait for me! That fat dog, he really runs so fast.”

Hu Bugui looked in the direction where only a wisp of white light remained with a smiling expression on his face.

His fingers lightly pinched together, and the grey sphere sped away like a ball that had been struck flying.

……

In the evening.

In a quiet, secluded forest valley.

After the group had fled hundreds of kilometers to the southeast mountains, they finally stopped for a rest.

“It should be safe for now.”

Ye Qingyu narrowed his eyes, scanning the surroundings.

They were surrounded by beneficial dense forest and boulders where they could hide. Leaves that were piled up to half a meter tall proved that no one had set foot into this place yet.

The several people each took turns to investigate the place.

It was only after they had determined that there was not a shred of yuan qi movement within the surrounding hundred meters that they dared put their heart at ease and rest for a moment.

“Woof... it's exhausting... Master, have you been eating too much lately... you... are getting so heavy that I can't move you anymore.”

Already exhausted, Little Nine sprawled out on his back in the five multicoloured boundary, slanted his head, and stuck out his tongue panting heavily.

“Puchi...”

Xing’er and Hu Bugui were the first to be unable to withhold their laughter.

Ye Qingyu, seeing the limping silly dog slumped to the ground, helplessly smiled and squatted down to rub his exposed pink belly.

The last time he used Flash was 17 days ago, but now he was unable to easily escape the attacks, and every time they ran into an enemy he had to rely on the silly dog to carry him and Xing’er. In this half a month of time, the silly dog had really worked hard and had gotten thinner.

“Woof... woof is very comfortable, this, and this, woof... Master scratch again...”

The silly dog had his eyes closed smiling and enjoying the massage, as if the one that had just been in a poor condition and fell to the ground was not him at all.

“Elder, do you remember the river that leads to the Underground Moon Palace?”

Ye Qingyu suddenly thought of something, looking thoughtfully in one direction.

“You mean...”

Old Fish crouched down and did not even glance up at all, with a branch that he had picked up he began fiddling with an army of ants on the ground trapped by the five multicoloured lights.

“The Underground Moon Palace?”  Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi asked in unison. “What sort of place is that?”

“Well, it's an underground cave on the other side of the mountain, I'll explain it more to you later, but I think that would be the safest place in the entire mountain area right now.”

Ye Qingyu's eyes were fixed on one direction, seemingly already making a decision.

These days he had been thinking continuously, and only there was the safest place, where they should be able to avoid countless enemies.

Old Fish’s face immediately turned bitter when he heard him, helplessly saying, “You little bastard know how to choose a place... Ah, I can't believe I just came out of that cage and now I have to go back... Anyway, let's wait for a ittle while to come back and we will move.”

Old Fish still had his head low, very patiently turning over every ant, watching them struggling to flip back over.

Ye Qingyu, looking at the old, mischievous man who could take such a tense situation so calmly and seemed so unconcerned, couldn't help rolling his eyes.

After waiting for another hour.

The silly dog came running back with his belly protruding out.

“Uh... delicious and delicious... woof is very full, hahaha... woof is very sleepy...”

Little Nine rolled around on the ground and naturally turned over to lean his head against Xing’er’s leg like it was a pillow.

“Don't sleep!”

Ye Qingyu cast a sidelong glance at him.

“Woof! Woof knows you like this Crown Prince girl! Woof is just sleeping with your wife... leggo, what's wrong?”

The dog suddenly began barking loudly, with a face that was saying I am a rascal what can you to do me.

“Don't be ridiculous, we should...”

These two words were still stuck in Ye Qingyu’s throat, when he suddenly twisted his head to look behind.

The look on the several other people's face also grew serious, beginning to activate yuan qi to its fullest.

……

In the northeastern sky.

There was the clang of weapons striking against one another.

Then a few weak, pale-coloured streams of flowing light fell from the sky and immediately revealed the figures of four or five women.

“Shishu Bai, are you all right?”

It was a familiar woman voice.

It was Shen Menghua!

From afar, Ye Qingyu immediately recognized the owner of this voice.

He waved and motioned others to conceal their yuan qi.

Old Fish's crouching posture had already turned to a meditative stance, and probably sleepy from playing, his eyes slightly narrowed, dozing off like a monk entering a meditative state.

The dog at this time did not dare to make a sound, yet still rolled over and buried his head in the loose dress of Xing’er who was resting under a tree, like there’s no use threatening a dead pig with scalding water.

Only Hu Bugui, Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi moved gently away from their respective positions, focusing on the movements on the other side of the forest.

After this period of being hunted like dogs, the several people have connected on a deeper level with each other——especially their coordination when escaping for their life, with just simply a gesture or a glance, they would know what each other was trying to say.

In the distance.

After a few streams of flowing light descended, several pale and dishevelled haired women appeared. One after another, they fell to the ground.

Of them, two were Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 568:


Chapter 587, Betraying one’s master

At this moment, both their bodies were stained with blood and their injuries did not seem light at all. They were supporting a beautiful middle-aged woman who looked like an elder of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

The middle-aged woman's hair was tied in a loose bun with a golden hairpin diagonally inserted through that was almost falling off, and the blood red plum blossoms on her lapel were unusually dazzling.

At their side were another beautiful middle-aged woman and a young woman, who were also supporting each other.

The several people's clothes were stained with mud, their breathing was disorderly, and their yuan qi was very weak, suggesting that they had been seriously wounded.

There was a hint of anger within their panicked expressions and they were seemingly to be hiding from something. They looked to be in an extremely difficult situation. Without attending to their injuries they darted into the distant forest.

But before these women had gone far, in the distant sky came a cold, ridiculing voice——

“Haha... the lowly slaves of Hundred Spirits Sect, let's see where you can escape to... Hey, don't run again, you're wasting your energy...”

A mass of ink-black cloud in the sky howled shrilly.

The black cloud slowly descended and four scholarly men walked down from the cloud.

It was the people of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

Ye Qingyu recognized the young men at a glance.

That day they were all standing next to their sect Master, and appear to be important elder-like figures of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

Behind them was a person in a black robe who had his head low.

Who was that?

Looking at the style of dress, it did not seem to be the clothing style that the disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect adopted, and looked rather strange.

Ye Qingyu, without giving much thought about the several people opposite, turned to Nan Tieyi and immediately nodded his head.

Wait and see what happens.

……

In the distance.

Another voice sounded.

“Hey, lowly slaves, you want it the hard way, let’s see where you can escape to.” A peculiar voice filled with mockery came from one of the elders of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

The several other experts of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect also broke into loud laughter.

“Haha, where can a few little larks run off to?”

“Obediently come with us to Heaven Desire Demon Sect to be a furnace, then you can have a taste of the wonderful feeling of paradise. Maybe in the future you won’t even want to leave and remain in my Heaven Desire Demon Sect, hahaha!”

“Yes, now that you mentioned it, all the disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect are delicately beautiful, all of them are natural furnaces, perfect for my practice. Haha, they are prepared for us by the heavens.”

“Exactly, little girls since you cannot escape, why don't you obediently come with us, your Hundred Spirits Sect is doomed anyway.”

As they were speaking, a few people had already left their positions, surrounding Shen Menghua and the other girls of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

Beams of formations flashed, sealing the air.

They each stood in formation, blocking the escape routes, afraid that the women of the Hundred Spirits Sect would run away again.

“Pah!”

A gaunt, beautiful middle-aged woman in a long blue dress and wielding a half spiritual sword glowered.

“Haha, lowly slave, you have a temper.” A Heaven Desire Demon Sect elder grinned sinisterly. “But I like violent-tempered horse like you, haha, let’s see how long you can last.”

“My Hundred Spirits Sect cannot coexist with your Heaven Desire Demon Sect.” Shen Menghua’s eyes flashed fury. “I’d rather die today, than let you group of demons succeed, our sisters will sooner or later avenge us, you group of demons will sooner or later go to hell.”

“Haha, avenge you? My Heaven Desire Demon Sect will get our hands on the entire Hundred Spirits Sect, in less than a few months’ time, all your Hundred Spirits Sect disciples will be crying for mercy in the Heaven Desire shrine.” Another elder’s eyes gleamed with an undisguised perverted glint as he approached step by step.

The several women trembled all over and no longer said anything else. But soon the look of despair on their faces gradually faded and turned to an expression of hatred and fearlessness of death.

Since they could not escape, then they might as well fight to death.

The fate of a martial artist has always been like that.

Even women were no exception.

They came to participate in the Greater One Sect’s Storm Sword Duel gathering with the purpose of asking for help, hoping that the Greater One Sect would lend a helping hand based on their past friendship.

Who would have known that the situation would go out of hand...

Several days ago, the Storm Sword Duel gathering was invaded by the Demon Spider Race and thrown into chaos. It was too late for the people of the Hundred Spirits Sect to escape the Greater One mountain, and then they were chased by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect and had lost many disciples along the way. Now there were only Shen Menghua and three other disciples. All other disciples who had come to participate in the Storm Sword Duel had been killed or died in an accident.

And now, the four of them were stuck in a desperate situation.

“Haha, die? It’s not that easy.” A Heaven Desire Demon Sect elder gave a sinister smile, raising a finger to point at Liu Ruxin. “Master has issued an order that we must capture this little girl alive. Haha, a rare [Jade Constitution], a peerless furnace, haha!”

When he said this, the several other Heaven Desire Demon Sect experts also cast their lustful gazes at Liu Ruxin.

Their gazes were not just lustful, but more like examining a rare item.

The Heaven Desire Demon Sect cultivated lust martial arts, a kind of martial arts that can be achieved in a short period of time, and a companion or a furnace is particularly important for those that cultivate this type of martial arts.

Only the people who have the best furnace can really cultivate the demonic martial arts to its ultimate highest level and step into the path of experts.

So the importance of a furnace was self-evident.

It was during the Storm Sword Duel gathering that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect discovered that Liu Ruxin possessed one of the legendary six best furnace constitutions [Jade Constitution].

The sect master himself had issued an order that no matter what the cost, they must capture this Liu Ruxin.

This even more decided the fate of Shen Menghua and the others. Under such circumstances, the Heaven Desire Demon Sect will absolutely not let the people of the Hundreds Spirits Sect return alive.

Opposite.

Liu Ruxin, upon hearing their words, jolted up, and then took a step forward. “So you came for me. I’ll come with you, let my Master and senior sisters go.”

“Ruxin...” Shen Menghua exclaimed.

The elder opposite burst out laughing, “Childish, you are already birds in a cage, none of you can run off.”

The black-robed figure that had been following behind slowly came to the front, slightly bowed his head at the people of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect and said, “Elders, why waste time talking to those lowly slaves, directly capture them. Besides Liu Ruxin, the others you don't care, let us take care of them for you... Haha, I Xiao Yunlong, am willing to help out.”

As he was speaking, he pulled down his hat, revealing a pale, white face.

It was one of the elite disciples of Greater One Sect, Xiao Yunlong.

He had colluded with the people of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect?

In the distance, when Ye Qingyu and the others saw this scene, they were all shocked.

And looking at the tone and attitude that Xiao Yunlong spoke in, he was just like a lackey, could it be...

At this moment, on the site.

“Pah, Xiao Yunlong, you are a Greater One Sect disciple, yet you take refuge with the people of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, you...” An older woman of the Hundred Spirits Sect thundered.

“Hahaha... Greater One Sect? What, Greater One Sect? I am not part of the Greater One Sect anymore, after the battle, the Greater One Sect had closed their gate and sealed off the sect, their strength now is just a second-rate sect, you think there will be disciples willing to protect that group of old things?”

Xiao Yunlong grabbed his robe and flung his hands backwards, taking two steps forward and closing in on the people of the Hundred Spirits Sect, his eyes full of ruthlessness and undisguised desire.

“You... bastard, you think no one can deal with you? You betrayed your master and sect, sooner or later you will receive retribution.”

Shen Menghua’s beautiful eyes flashed with strong resentment as she glowered at Xiao Yunlong.

“Hahahaha! I know what you're thinking. You think there will be someone coming out to save you like that day at the Enlightened Tea Garden? I advise you to stop your wishful thinking, how many fools like Ye Qingyu are there in this world. Moreover, Ye Qingyu that nosy person is also unable to fend for himself now, perhaps he has already become food for one of the demon beasts, stop dreaming.”

Xiao Yunlong seemed to have remembered something.

Although he was still wearing a perverted and wicked smile on his face, his heart suddenly pounded uncontrollably.

It seemed that he was still haunted by Ye Qingyu’s terrifying power.

“If you obediently surrender today, maybe Elder Wu and the others will let you live, let you have a few more days...”

Xiao Yunlong instantly restored the evil look on his face, a perverted smile curving his lips, and was impatiently moving closer. “Also, hahaha... you women have not felt it before, how do you know that it would be pain rather than the happiness of paradise...”

“The people of the Hundred Spirits Sect would rather die with honour than live with disgrace!”

The middle-aged beautiful woman looked resolute, suddenly raising her hand with a look of despair in her eyes, stretched out her long fingers and hooked them around the golden hairpin hanging in her hair.

“Flowing Cloud sword!”

The gold hairpin suddenly emitted a golden glow between her fingers.

Swoosh!

The golden light suddenly turned into a soft ribbon that glided forward.

The soft golden ribbon wrapped around the several people of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect as though it was dancing in the hand of a dancer, swirling up and down.

A thin layer of mist swirled around, giving a graceful beauty to the ribbon.

“Well, besides this move, do you know anything else?”

An elder of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect shook his wrist.

The silver spiritual snake sword in his hand suddenly spat out a beam of black light from its tip like a snake.

“Break!”

The black light circled around once with the elders of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect as the center and suddenly swept away everything else.

The ribbon abruptly shuddered upon contact with the black light, before dropping to the ground and losing its liveliness.

There was blood streaming down the middle-aged beautiful woman’s mouth and nose.

Her body shook violently, evidently having suffered a great counterattack, and her injury had reached an irreversible state. She clasped the gold hairpin tight in her hands, casting a resolute glance to the left where Shen Menghua and the other disciples were, a hint of a wry smile and unwillingness emerged on a face as she sighed, “Menghua, Shishu cannot protect you today, I also cannot bear to see you humiliated. Shishu, I... will leave first.”

“Shishu!”

Shen Menghua’s and Liu Ruxin’s expression turned frantic as they suddenly noticed their hands were grabbing onto nothing.

They wanted to lend an arm to support her, but the yuan qi of the weak Shishu Bai was suddenly rising dramatically and an extremely frightening strength surged within her body. She charged over in the direction of where the several people of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect stood——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

