Chapter 457:


The [Light Palace] that had been sent flying in the air was like a floating balloon, slowly descending to the ground.

"Wu ah..."

Little  Nine struggled, carrying Ye Qingyu and Light Silver, landing on the stone foundation of the [Light Palace].

Because there was Ye Qingyu, they did not receive the obstruction of that gentle power, and leaped through.

In the skies.

There was demon mist being born, a silver flame flickering.

A black mist-like ink was violently roiling. It gradually appeared in the midst of that stream of chaos.

There was another cut off candle that had a faint red spark at the very top. It also appeared, floating in the air.

It was namely that black demon pool figure as well as that white candle.

Those two Fiendgods from the other domains had evidently been injured but had not yet died.

But this was normal after thinking it over. In the past, they had once escaped with a spark of their lives from the hands of that War God, and were able to rekindle their ashes. They had been able to preserve themselves until now and caused another disturbance.

Today, Ye Qingyu had exploded with a power that exceeded the early stages of the Heaven Ascension stage, blocking the summoning of their chants and curses. He had also struck a heavy blow on these two Fiendgods, but it was still slightly not enough to completely exterminate them.

If Ye Qingyu had been able to attract that golden lightning from Heavenly Punishment to hit the two Fiendgods from the other domains, then perhaps he would have been able to utterly exterminate them.

"That damn human, kill him. Lin Zheng, quickly kill him..." the black figure violently roared.

"Why did you not stop that kid. Yu Feiyan, the things you promised me, you haven't done so at all. He deserves to die for spoiling my matters!" that candle also let out a fierce emanation.

The two that had just escaped from their  tribulation were evidently incomparably furious.

After the wait of a hundred years, when the [Light Palace] was just in front of them, their plan was spoiled by a brat of the Human Race who they did not regard highly at all. These two Fiendgods instantly became enraged.

These two demonic thing, instantly wanted to turn Ye Qingyu into ashes.

Before the Domain Gate had been fully opened, the distance between the two domains was already ready to close. In truth, their chants and summonings were a type of secret art that gave the position in space time of Heaven Wasteland Domain to their race and powers. This would allow their race and powers to be able to, before the other races, descend on Heaven Wasteland Domain via the highlighted location.

As long as they were the first to arrive, they would be able to obtain humongous gain. They could even set up many methods and techniques that could turn Heaven Wasteland Domain completely into their own garden or backyard. These methods would be able to prevent the possibility of other forces descending.

After all, the Domain Gate that appeared in the Snow Capital of the Human Race was the largest and most stable Domain Gate of Heaven Wasteland Domain. As long as they could firmly control this Domain Gate, this was tantamount to controlling the majority of Heaven Wasteland Domain...

This was due to the fact that the other Domain Gates that existed within Heaven Wasteland Domain were extremely small and narrow, the space inside extreme unstable. Experts above the Heaven Ascension stage had no way of passing through such small Domain Gate. Even if it fell into the hands of other forces, this was not important.

These two demonic things were the remnants of the forces of other domains that had once caused chaos within Heaven Wasteland Domain a hundred years ago. There was only a shred of their consciousness left behind as they had nearly perished under the peerless might of that War God of the Human Race. If they were able to do something great for the forces they belonged to, then they would be able to receive the rewards of their sects and reconstruct their body, returning to their peak state. Only then did they have the hope of advancing further.

This aim was nearly their only hope left after remaining hidden with Heaven Wasteland Domain for the past hundred years.

And this hope had been completely destroyed by Ye Qingyu through such a method. How could they not be furious?

With Ye Qingyu's spoiling of their plans, it was basically impossible for them to be able to summon the forces from the same race and same sects as them. They could only wait until that scarlet red pillar of light had stabilized and the Domain Gate completely opened to compete with the other great forces, relying on their own power.

"Lin Zheng, what are you still waiting for, kill him for me now!" that black shadowy figure roared from his very depths.

“Yu Feiyan, if you are still hoping to obtain that thing, then quickly slaughter that kid. Kill him for me..." There was only a little bit of wax left for the short white candle, and the flame had nearly been extinguished as it let out a furious shout.

From far off.

Aunt Heng’s figure flickered upon seeing this scene. In an instant, she landed on the ground and in front of the [Light Palace].

This time, no matter what happened, she needed to protect Little Yu.

It was only that...

She gritted her teeth in her heart.

Out of everyone, only Aunt Heng was most clear just how utterly important Ye Qingyu was.

The [Light Palace] slowly descended to the ground.

Bai Yuanxing and the others were already tightly protecting the completely frozen Ye Qingyu beside him, worry on their faces.

As for the Liu Jingyan and Dai Youmeng who were afraid for their death and retreated into the [Light Palace], they also had a tense and nervous look on their face...

The Ye Qingyu right now, his face was like charcoal. It was already hard to discern his original face, he was like a burnt piece of wood. One could largely tell that it was of a humanoid shape, but there was no difference from being dead. Through that transparent layer of ice sealing him away, on the surface of the ice, there was line after line of silver runes fluctuating. This was the mysterious formation that Little Silver had crawled out.

These runes constricted and expanded,] with a mysterious power enhancing above the ice. It completely sealed away the last shred of life in Ye Qingyu's body.

"Wuwu... little Bai, Master... I leave to you..." Little Nine bit the corner of the clothes of Bai Yuanxing, an unprecedented expectation and seriousness in his eyes.

His injuries were not light. As he spoke, there was still lightning flickering in his mouth.

As he finished, his body coiled up. The four limbs that had been injured shrunk in, and his head that was nearly like a piece of coal pressed into his soft stomach that was filled with fractures. He slowly fell into slumber.

The body of Little Nine also gradually shrunk. It ultimately turned into the size of a palm that he was normally in, seeming to be in an extremely sorry state. He nestled next to Ye Qingyu, completely asleep.

Fresh blood seeped out from his wound, flowing onto the body of Ye Qingyu who had been sealed away by the ice.

Without knowing why, everyone fell silent. They looked at this dog that normally only knew how to eat and be lazy, this dog that was typically unreliable and cunning.

The little silver dragon also silently lay on Ye Qingyu. It did not say anything. It's clear and bright eyes peacefully looked down on Ye Qingyu's body under the transparent ice, not moving in the slightest.

In the skies.

"Kill!"

There was a vicious and sinister light flickering in the Right Minister's eyes. The [White Tiger Armour] turned into armour form, wrapping around his body as he flew towards Yu Feiyan.

Yu Feiyan let out a cold snort. Faintly suppressing his own power, lest he incite Heavenly Punishment, he went to meet him.

On the ground.

After a brief silence, the experts of the Right Minister’s residence madly rushed and charged towards the people of the [Light Palace].

"Form up!"

The fatty, Wang Lijin, commanded.

The hundreds of Light soldiers that had been struck into disarray rapidly formed up into a formation. Like they were a fortress wall, they protected the last boundaries of the Fire Tree forest.

The killing once again began.

"Kill!"

From far off, another force, like beesthroughout the air, came to the [Light Palace] in the blink of an eye.

This group of people numbered around three or four thousand people. The majority of them wore armour, but there were also people of the Jianghu within them. They had a golden silk band wrapped around their left arm.

"Kill them all!"

There was the cold and emotionless voice of the Apex Prince Yu Feiyan that sounded out in the air.

The forces that wore the golden silk band on their arm were namely the carefully cultivated core power that the Apex Prince Yu Feiyan had gathered all these years.

Although the majority of these people wore armour, but the cultivation techniques and moves they used were evidently the style of the Jianghu.

Very evidently, these people were experts that had been recruited from the Jianghu.

The battle to now was already incomparably tragic. Although the center of this battle was at the [Light Palace], but it was enough to completely blow a hole through the capital.

No matter whether it was the Right Minister or Yu Feiyan, they did not utilize the military troops that they controlled. What they utilized instead was the Jianghu forces they had bitterly recruited and kept for these many years.

Very quickly, the interior of the City of Light was complete chaos.

The three  great forces fought and killed each other. The battlefield was in utter disarray, so much so that there were even people that were killed by their comrades.

Howls, roars, cries, and screams...

The City of Light had completely and utterly been turned into a grinder of life and flesh. It was like hell. There were rivers of blood on the ground, the corpses piled up high like a mountain...

Under the command of the fatty officer, the forces of the [Light Palace] constantly retreated. They fiercely defended the edges of the Nether fire sword pit, only defending but not attacking...

Suddenly---

Crash!

Without any signs, a massive quaking of the earth came from far off.

Everyone could feel the ground beneath their feet faintly quivering, and also the air faintly trembling. They could sense that there was a light fluctuation in the skies that was like a black mirror...

This was a strange feeling.

This was not simply the fluctuation of energy.

This was a sensation that was as if the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain was quaking and trembling.

True martial experts could, at this instant, feel that the yuan qi in their body at this very moment was turning empty. That faint power of the laws that existed in the world seemed to have been torn apart by something, a miraculous change occurring.

The figures of Yu Feiyan and Lin Zheng who were embroiled in fierce battle split apart.

The two people both looked towards the north at the same time .

Only they knew what that turbulence that flashed by at that instant was and just what it truly represented.

"Haha, the Domain Gate has opened. The hundred ghosts walking through the night. This day, has finally arrived." The black demonic figure madly chuckled, still on the right shoulder of the Right Minister.

Ten meters away.

That candle also let out an excited mad laughter: "The long awaited day has finally arrived. The North, East, Western and South gates has already been opened. Our plan has been realized. Yu Feiyan, you did not manage to protect me well beforehand, but this did not matter. Tell your people to control the surrounding area. Haha, at the time, when my Lord arrives, this is still a great contribution...”

"Don't care about that old bastard. Quickly, follow me into the martial vault of the [Light  Palace], haha...." the black demonic figure urged Lin Zheng.

Nearly at the same time---

Within the world, there was suddenly the shrill shrieks of ghosts sounding out, as if countless spirits were sharply screaming.

If someone was able to stare at this from above, see the scene of the empire right now, they would be so shocked they would be shivering.

There was demonic mist rising from all parts of the capital. Like vicious ghosts in the light, they let out sharp screams, piercing through the air towards the direction of the [Light Palace].

As for the other groups of light, they emanated vicious and sinister aura. Like bolts of lightning, they shot through the air. And the place they converged was namely at the City of Light!---

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 458:


The Night Walk of a Hundred Ghosts.

In the pitch black night, there was suddenly demonic shadows shooting through. Like vicious ghosts from hell, they all converged towards the direction of the City of Light

After that previous mysterious turbulence, it was like the gates to hell had been opened. These demonic figures of all sorts of colours and brightness rapidly shot out.

The tragic screams of ghosts completely enshrouded the skies above the capital.

The aura that these demonic shadows surged with was extremely strange. It was not the yuan qi power that martial artists of Heaven Wasteland Domain possessed. They let out tragic shrieks that seemed as if it was some grey and strange old language...

It was really hard to imagine that there would be so many demonic shadow powers hidden with the capital. Evidently, they were not natives of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

There were some demonic figures that shot through the bodies of beggars that were trembling with fear. Then those beggars with completely white hair instantly transformed into a withered human skins...

There were some demonic figures that shot out from the pigs in the backyards of some farmers, and then those pigs instantly turned into powder...

Some demonic figures shot out from the bodies of the experts of the sects...

Some demonic figures shot out from some vast statues within the capital...

Some demonic figures shot out from below surging and rumbling rivers...

Some demonic figures tore a fracture in the air and madly shot out from there...

After some fracture of time and space were opened, there was black light after black light, like black snake after black snake, rapidly crawling out. This was literally like opening up a nest of ghosts. Black shadows and black lights madly flew everywhere, causing one to shiver...

It was only a short moment, but there were all sorts of ghostly figures within the skies. There was demonic qi and ghost qi surging all around, as if the entire interior of the capital was about to turn into a region of death and ghosts.

The Night Walk of a Hundred Ghosts.

Under the night, there were flowing light ghosts spirits and demon qi everywhere, all rapidly converging in the direction of the City of Light.

"These are all the remnants and ashes of those demons from other domains in the past... why is there so many..." Aunt Heng was shocked.

The ghostly shadows everywhere throughout the sky were namely the remnants of many powers from other domains. They had been defeated a hundred years ago, when the Snow Empire had completely ended the era of sects and pushed back the invasion of outside forces.

Aunt Heng was truly too familiar with such an energy fluctuation. In the battle in the past, it had been thought that the endless forces from the outside had already been cleanly killed, but why was there so many remnants still left behind?

"Kill!"

Lin Zheng transformed into a flow of light. Bringing with it that black shadow, he shot downwards, heading into the Earth fire sword pit.

Yu Feiyan's complexion changed, “That old bastard wants to reach the martial store of the [Light Palace] before all the others!"

"Quickly follow him, we absolutely must not allow someone of the Black Demon Pool to succeed. Within the martial store of the [Light Palace], there may be something that belongs to that person in it. Quickly, follow him, don't care about other things first..." The white candle also rapidly urged.

Yu Feiyan also brought the white candle downwards, chasing after him in an instant.

"Che che che che..."

"Haha, kill, where are the treasures...”

"The martial store of the [Light Palace], we can also obtain something!"

"A hundred years, we can finally appear once again!"

There was an endless shout and howls of demonic and ghostly figures. They all madly flew towards the ground.

Every ghostly figures aim was the martial treasury within the Earth Fire sword pit.

After so many years, those remnants that were lucky enough to survive the battle a hundred years ago carefully hid themselves away. They constantly planned and plotted, nearing the capital, and hiding within the capital. All for this moment today.

A hundred years ago, these black shadows and figures were all experts that had run rampant throughout the heavens. Every one of them were existences above the Heaven Ascension stage.

During the Age of Sects in those years, this was the first time the central Domain Gate had been opened. The outside forces that rushed into the Heaven Wasteland Domain was like a flood.

This newly born domain was filled with limitless opportunities. It was young and vigorous, containing countless resources with unlimited potential.

More importantly, the Heaven Wasteland Domain at that time, when it was still within it's growing stages, was recognized as a domain that had the possibility of an Emperor class expert being born from that domain.

In such a place, there was a Dao opportunity hidden in it.

In a new domain, there were countless possibilities hidden. For things that could not normally realistically happen, it was possible to turn the impossible into the possible in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The invasion in the past was large in scale. It was unknown just how many experts of mature domains, through the central Domain Gate, had their full bodies descend onto Heaven Wasteland Domain. They wanted to take over the Dao opportunity of this newly born domain.

Right now, all the ghosts and spirits appearing in the skies were such people.

But it was a pity, those experts from the other domains who descended and regarded themselves as Fiendgods did not even imagine in their dreams that in such a newly born domain, that amongst the lifeforms that they regarded as ants, there was a peerless and invincible existence. A great formation nearly completely killed all of them.

If not for the fact that they had taken the step to the heavens and had reached the boundary of the Immortal stage, they would not have survived. Otherwise, in the past, in such a crucial time, they would have been completely extinguished. Furthermore, the formation that the person had laid in the past had suddenly inexplicably lost a piece. Otherwise, in that killing field a hundred years ago, their souls would have already completely scattered and dispersed.

But even if such, as strong as they were, they ultimately lost their fleshly bodies. In these years, only their souls were left behind, Within Heaven Wasteland Domain, they received the restriction of the power of the domains and had no way of possessing someone and be reborn. They could only constantly change their positions as well as their fleshly bodies, like wild ghosts, barely surviving!

Finally, a hundred years later, that central Domain Gate was finally about to be reopened.

A new opportunity had arrived.

Within the martial store of the [Light Palace], they had the weapons and energy that they had once possessed residing in there. As long as they could take it back, then they could break apart the restriction and be reborn.

Countless colours of lights and shadows madly rushed towards the Earth Fire sword pit.

They had already fallen into a compete state of frenzy.

At the same time.

"Che che che che, our opportunity has finally arrived. Charge into the treasury and steal the treasures..." That black mist stood next to Jiang Xiaohan, finally exposing his fangs.

He was one of the demonic and ghostly shadowy figures. He was an expert at the Immortal stage that had once been killed in the past.

His strength was much stronger than the other demonic shadows. That was why he could maintain a human form and could preserve his memories of the past.

"Master, wait a little longer," Jiang Xiaohan finally opened her mouth.

"En?" That demonic figure was taken aback.

Jiang Xiaohan rushed to explain herself, "I feel that this matter is not that simple. You said, that person in the past was very terrifying. It's likely that, there will be something he left behind in the martial stores. If we rush in now, not only can we not open the martial store, there is also the possibility..."

This demonic figure was an old and crafty fellow. The hundred year opportunity that he had been waiting for all along had rushed to his head. After being reminded by Jiang Xiaohan, he suddenly realized something.

"No wonder you are my disciple. You are right..."

Before he had finished.

Boom!

There was suddenly flame that shot to the skies. It shot out from the Earth Fire sword pit like it was a huge blood red wave.

Those demonic shadows and figures that had madly rushed into the Earth Fire sword pit like a flock of bloods was instantly incinerated by the flames that had been spat out.

Shrieks and howls began to be sounded out from within the Earth Fire sword pit.

"[Earth Fire Essence]? Really... that killing god really left something behind!"

The demonic souls all shivered as they said while grinding their teeth.

Evidently, they were both afraid and hateful of that War God of the Human Race. Even after a hundred years had passed, they still felt apprehension.

Boom!

Very quickly, the [Earth Fire Essence] was once again exploding.

Countless demonic figures were similarly also turned into ashes.

It was a pity for these souls of experts that had come from another domain. In these past hundred years, they had no way of cultivating and increasing their level in Heaven Wasteland Domain. Their current strength was not even a hundredth of their pinnacle, and their consciousness was also not too clear. Being burned by the [Earth Fire Essence] represented that they were utterly dead, with no way of recovering.

But even if so, there was still countless demonic figures that flew madly towards the Earth Fire sword pit.

In the battle in the past, there had been far too many Immortal stage experts from other domains that had been killed because there was a piece that was missing from the formation, there were also many remnants that were able to escape.

In less than an hours time, the [Earth Fire Essence] had erupted five times.

Every time it erupted, there were thousands of demonic shadows that were burnt to death.

After that, the [Earth Fire Essence] also disappeared.

"Let's go!"

The demonic figure rose to the air, bringing Jiang Xiaohan along with him.

Jiang Xiaohan's face was covered by a black mask, masking her true appeared. Her body techniques were as fierce as fireworks, filled with a strange aura. Evidently, it was not a cultivation technique that belong to the traditional techniques of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At the same time.

"Let's go."

The Divine Nun that had one of her arms restored also disappeared with a flash at the place she was in. Bringing Bai Yuqing along with her, they turned into a point of light that flew towards the Earth Fire sword pit.

"Master, then him..." Bai Yuqing turned to look at the [Light Palace] that was slowly descending."

"I have already acted and helped him once. It's more important to solve the matters regarding your body yourself. Let's first go to the martial store, otherwise everything will be too late..." The Divine Nun naturally knew what her favoured disciple was referring to her. But at this time, it was absolutely not time to consider romance.

At the same time, the people of the Jianghu and various forces that were fighting and killing each other already had countless people that abandoned intentions of fighting at all. They turned into flowing light that charged towards the nether Earth Fire sword pit.

Regarding the legend of the martial stores of the [Light Palace], it was not only the Fiendgods from other domains that knew. Amongst the Jianghu of Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was also talked about.

Boom!

The [Light Palace] gradually sunk to the ground.

Thankfully, it landed behind the fatty Wang Lijin as well as the Light soldiers on the edges of the Earth Fire sword pit. The stone foundations of the palace currently had half of it perched on the edge of the Earth Fire sword pit, while the other hald was hanging from the side of it. Half the foundation touched the ground, while the other half floated above in the air.

"Protect the Lord!" Wang Lijin loudly shouted.

In an instant, all the soldiers began protecting Ye Gingyu fromthe people who tried to assassinate him.

No matter whether it was the Apex Prince’s Residence, or the Right Minister and his Jianghu experts, their tact had completely changed. At this time, the main focus was on the martial store of the [Light Palace]... They all charged towards the Earth Fire sword pit. At this time, there was not any forces that could truly threaten the [Light Palace]...”

"Old fellow, have you died yet? If you haven't died yet, quickly have a look at brother Ye..." Dugu Quan shouted loudly in the crowd, searching for Ouyang Buping.

After a short while, Ouyang Buping crawled out from a pile of corpses. There were many wounds on his body and he hopped his way over, hitting many things, "Let me see..."

Aunt Heng carefully neared, protecting next to Ye Qingyu.

Perhaps it was because Ye Qingyu had fainted. As the [Light Palace] descended to the ground, that gentle force that enwrapped the [Light Palace] had gradually disappeared. Ouyang Buping and the others were also able to ascend the steps into the palace.

"This..." Under the gazes of everyone, Ouyang Buping carefully investigated for a brief moment. There was a near despairing expression that appeared on his face, "The lightning ruined brother Ye's lifeforce. His internal organs have already turned into coal, this... is evidently signs that he will perish, this..."

"What nonsense are you saying?" Dugu Quan shouted. "I can clearly sense that there is still a shred of life within brother Ye's body. You old bastard, could it be that your eyes are already muddled?"

"If not for the fact that there is a layer of ice sealing him away, brother Ye would have long..." Ouyang Buping sighed with regret, his face completely helpless. "There is a mysterious power that forced that shred of life that was about to depart to forcibly stay within his body. Otherwise... However, even right now, I have no methods."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 459:


“Old bastard, what do your words mean, I..." Dugu Quan was in a complete panic, stopping Ouyang Buping from resting. With anger, "I don't care, I don't want to hear you explain so much. You must heal brother Ye for me, aren't you called the Divine Doctor of Snow Empire, you..."

This old man that had once seen hundreds of snowstorms and rain of Snow Empire in these last hundred years, that had experienced countless storms, this old man that would not change even if a divine mountain collapsed in front of him, right now was in a state of panic where he could not even complete his sentence. He nearly shouted in rage and lost his composure.

Ouyang Buping did not say a single word. He grabbed at his white hair, pulling many strands out in a short while.

"Mister Ouyang, Little Yu, he really, is..." Aunt Heng's voice started trembling.

She did not imagine that things would develop to such an extent.

If such news was known by Aunt Han, then it... No, no matter what the price, they must save Little Yu.

Aunt Heng was entirely clear in her heart what would happen if Ye Qingyu really met with such an incident, just what kind of terrifying consequences would arise as a result of this.

Others did not know Ye Qingyu's true background, but Lu Heng knew in detail.

"No, nothing will happen to Lord." Bai Yuanxing stood by the side, his expression firm as he bit his teeth.

In the eyes of Jin Ling'er, there were already tears sparkling and gathering.

Mother Wu and the others were also helpless.

Lu Heng fell silent for a brief moment. Looking at the complexion of the Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping, she knew that even with the peak medical arts of the Empire, there was no solution.

She lifted her hand, and a gentle energy gathered that lifted Ye Qingyu up. It gradually carried him to the cold stone jad bed at the center of the [Light Palace].

She extended her hand at the side of the bed as if searching for something. Suddenly, her palm pressed down, as if she was activating something.

Yong! Yong!

There was a faint vibrating sound.

The cold stone jade bed suddenly emitted a silver-like radiance, like it was milk. It completely enshrouded Ye Qingyu as well as the two pets within.

Such a scene was outside of everyone's expectations.

"As long as a shred of his life can be preserved, there is still hope for him. I hope that the methods of the [Light Palace], can prove effective on Little Yu. His status is far too special, he..."

Lu Heng thought such thoughts in her heart.

The unconscious Little Nine was also sent to the stone bed, as well as the little silver dragon who lied softly on the transparent ice.

"Everyone go out."

Lu Heng looked towards everyone. "There is a gathering yuan formation within the [Light Palace]. This cold stone jade bed is an absolute treasure, it should be of aid towards Little Yu's wounds. If everyone enters the palace, it will affect the fluctuation of the formation.

Hearing this, everyone was half believing.

But seeing the extremely respectful attitude that Ye Qingyu had towards Lu Heng, as well as the fact that Wang Lijin of the soldier camp would also carry out her commands, they chose to trust her. Furthermore, from her methods, it was clear that she was extremely familiar with the items in the [Light Palace]. Even Ouyang Buping and Dugu Quan could not help but lower their heads, as everyone had to leave.

"Protect the palace, don't allow anyone to enter!"

Lu Heng let out another command.

This woman that normally seemed as gentle as water had a decisiveness that people rarely had at this moment.

"Chi chi chi..."

The little white rabbit squaked in worry. If broke free of Jin Ling'er's hands that wanted to grab it, rushing into the palace...

"Come back, little fellow..." Jin Ling'er wanted to rush in and grab the little white rabbit back.

A thought occurred to Lu Heng, stopping Jin Ling'er.

Time passed by second after second.

From the outside of the [Light Palace], there were sounds of killing constantly sounding out.

The [Earth Fire Essence] within the Earth Fire sword pit constantly erupted. Occasionally, there would be flowing light that rapidly neared and shot into the sword pit.

The killing on the ground had basically halted. As news spread that the martial store had been opened, even the most loyal of experts could not resist this temptation and rushed into the sword pit.

Some Jianghu experts that were loyal to the Left Minister Qu Hanshan as well as the Old Commander Li Guangbi had also charged into the sword pit.

For such martial experts, this was a vast opportunity. If they were able to obtain a cultivation technique or an absolute treasure within the martial store, then they could shoot to the heavens in one moment.

There were a minority of Jianghu experts that remained behind, as well as hundreds of soldiers of the Soldier camp surrounding the [Light Palace].

As time passed by, the blood red light pillar that shot out from the Earth Fire sword pit became fainter and fainter. The blood red was turning into a pale silver, and the energy fluctuation in the air became more and more stable.

In the skies.

Clouds gathered, the sea of clouds like rage.

This massive chaotic storm-like vortex of chaos was still persisting. It slowly moved, as if it would devour the world. That silver pillar of light connected the Earth Fire sword pit as well as that chaotic storm vortex, as if it connected heaven with hell...

A long time had already passed.

According to reason, night should already have passed by and morning should have arrived.

But because the vast chaotic storm cloud was covering everything in the skies, the air above the capital was still completely pitch dark. It was as if a long everlasting night had descended and light would never arrive back, causing countless lives in the capital to tremble with fear.

In the blink of an eye, at least a day and a night had passed by.

There were strange noises constantly emanating from the Earth Fire sword pit.

Like wild beasts howling and screaming.

Or the vicious curses of things just before they died.

Apart from these strange sounds, there were also strange lights that flew by, disappearing in a flash. There was the aura of treasure around them, as if extraordinary treasures were being uncovered...

At this time, outside the City of Light, there were more dark demonic figures that appeared, charging into the sword pit.

These demonic souls were evidently more powerful and careful than those that had charged into the sword pit before.

At the same time.

The pillar of light had completely turned silver. The fluctuation of energy in the air became even clearer, and the chaotic storm in the skies as well as the vortex of chaos gradually increased the speed at which it fluctuated. It became faster and faster, and between the clouds, there were faint bolts of lightning flickering...

In such a scene, there was vast energy constantly being born within the skies. Through the silver pillar of light that connected Heaven and Earth, it entered into the Earth ire sword pit...

For the normal people within Snow Capital, this was completely like the apocalypse had arrived. In the normal roads where it would be completely packed, right now there was only cold wind blowing by. There was not one person to be seen, everyone hiding in their homes, shivering with fear...

Under the miraculous medical arts of Ouyang Buping, Qu Hanshan, Li Guangbi, Qin Zhishui these three graavely injured members of the [Light Palace], also gradually awakened....

Hearing of Ye Qingyu's situation, the three could only let out long sighs. They did not know what to say...

Another day passed by.

Lu Heng always stood silently at the entrance to the [Light Palace], as if she was protecting something, or like she was waiting for something...

The third day.

There were demonic figures that appeared from far away, ten of them. They charged into the Earth Fire sword pit.

The fourth day.

There were eight demonic souls that appeared, all of them even stronger existences.

The fifth day.

There was five.

The sixth day, there was two.

The seventh day, there was one.

The eight day, none.

The ninth day, none.

On the tenth day, there was one.

Seeing the black mist of energy that was like a little hill completely disappear within the Earth Fire sword pit, there was finally a relaxed aura that appeared slightly on Lu Heng's face.

"Those demonic souls are too cunning. But they ultimately could not withstand such a temptation... hopefully this time, we can completely wrap them up," she said, her expression serious.

Approximately an hour later.

Boom!

There was a gigantic explosion that sounded out within the Earth Fire sword pit.

Before the others could react, there were suddenly continuous huge sounds of explosions that constantly sounded out, one following after the other. It was as if there was a chain of humongous firecrackers blowing up from down below.

What followed after this was tragic howls and screams.

The howls of the demonic souls was so loud it was as if it would tear apart Heaven and Earth.

There was the cries of humans mixed within this.

The earth began shaking.

With the sword pit at the center, the entire capital began shaking. It was as if below the ground, there was currently something terrifying occurring.

"What happened?"

"Just what has happened?"

In front of the [Light Palace], there was a confused expression appearing on the faces of everyone.

In just these ten short days, there had been too many things that had occurred. The entire City of Light had already completely turned into an isolated city, people could only enter but not leave. Everyone was always in a highly tense state, that they were about to snap.

There were tragic howls and cries, the curses of the demonic flames constantly sounding out within the Earth Fire sword pit.

"Careful!"

Wang Lijin loudly shouted.

The soldier camp once again gathered in formation.

There was berserk energy constantly charging out from within the sword pit, filled with a destructive power.

"Ah...” there was a clear scream.

A figure covered in blood shot out from the sword pit.

But before he was even one meter away from the pit, there was another blood light that chased after him from behind. In an instant, the figure was hacked into pieces, turning into a bloody mist that fell downwards.

"Hao..."

The tragic howls of the demonic things, a black light did it's utmost to shoot out from the sword pit. But the result was that before it was even three or four meters away, a blood red lightning shot past, wrapping around it and turning him into ashes immediately!

Terrifying screams and cries constantly sounded out from within the Earth Fire sword pit. There were lonely and tragic screams, as well as the roars that a wild beast would emit as it faced death. This was unending, as if there was a destructive and emotionless butchering occurring in the sword pit below.

This terrifying scene caused everyone on the ground to retreat. They did not dare near the sword pit.

Such tragic noises continuously sounded out for two hours.

Ultimately, the massive black shadow that was like a hill desperately shot out from the sword pit. This was namely the most cautious and cunning soul that had waited until the last moment before entering into the Earth Fire sword pit.

But it was a pity that before it could jump twenty meters, a blood red light instantly chased after him from within the Earth Fire sword pit. Like catching a fish, it dragged the humongous figure mercilessly towards the Earth Fire sword pit…

It madly and viciously struggled. Splitting into small and large globes of black light, it wanted to escape through the holes of this giant red net.

But it was as if the blood net was intelligent. It rapidly shrunk, in the blink of an eye, it was even smaller than the body parts that the demonic soul could split apart into.

As this happened, two brilliant rays of light shot out from within the sword pit. One was a silver fist flame and another was a golden sword glimmer. It instantly landed on the figure of the demonic soul, utterly crushing it apart in an instant.

The humongous net exerted strength. Ultimately, it was able to drag this massive demonic soul into the sword pit, to be completely killed!

The sword pit finally quietened down.

In a flash.

Two figures charged out, coming to the boundary of the sword pit.

One right, One left.

The person on the Left was Lin Zheng.

The person on the right was Yu Feiyan.

They were the last two survivors----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 460:


"Careful... defend!"

The fatty, seeing that these two had come out, instantly let out an involuntary shiver.

Why was it that these two people had really not died and were able to escape alive?

Could it really be that ‘a calamity was enough to taint a thousand years’?

The other people also became tense.

The tragic situation of the [Light Palace] was before everyone's eyes. The corpses were like mountains, the blood like rivers. It was unknown how many experts of the sects had turned into bloody mud. This was entirely caused by these two demons.

Previously, there were strange changes occurring within the earth Fire sword pit, with unending howls and screams. Evidently, the people and demonic souls within had encountered a fatal disaster.

But in truth, if one must choose who should definitely die amongst the people who entered into the Earth Fire sword pit, then no matter what criteria was used, everyone hoped that the person who died inside was Lin Zheng as well as Yu Feiyan.

But conversely, these two people had managed to survive.

Perhaps they could sense the emotions of everyone, Lin Zheng's face was suddenly taken aback. He took step after step towards everyone, the [White Tiger Armour] transforming into a light tiger, which lay on his shoulder.

An imposing aura once again pressured them like a huge tidal wave.

In an instant, no matter whether it was Wang Lijin, Qu Hanshan, or Dugu Quan, their complexions rapidly and acutely changed.

There were no wounds on Lin Zheng's body, completely unharmed. He was still at his peak state.

A Right Minister in such a condition, facing a bunch of old and crippled people of the [Light Palace], would completely be annihilated by just one thought of his.

At the front of the [Light Palace}.

On the faces of everyone, there was the expression of tragic sacrifice.

There were people roaring from their throats.

There were some people tightly gripping onto weapons.

But at this time, Lu Heng walked out slowly step by step. Her expression was somewhat serious, saying, "Minister Zheng, the matters at hand, have they undergone successfully?"

Everyone turned with surprise towards Lu Heng.

On the originally serious and authoritative face of the Right Minister, there was a relaxed smile that was suddenly seen. HIs imposing aura was completely gone in but a moment.

"Hahahaha..."

Like he was a child that had just successfully pulled off a prank, he tilted his head to the heavens and began roaring with laughter.

The unrestrainedness of his laughter did not have the slightest of disguise.

There was a teasing note as well a somewhat mischievous tone contained within his laughter. It absolutely should not emit from a huge figure like Right Minister Lin Zheng, who was someone unparalleled in scheming and plotting.

But Lin Zheng laughed like such, even so.

"What is the matter with the old bastard, could he have been so happy that he has gone crazy?" Wang Lijin mumbled in his heart.

Dugu Quan as well as Ouyang Buping had expressions of shock and surprise on their faces.

They had often had many interactions with the Right Minister.

But they had never ever seen such a Right Minister.

There was finally a relaxed expression that was exposed on Lu Heng's face. "Since the Minister's mood is so great, it seems everything has gone successfully."

"That's right." The Apex Prince, Yu Feiyan that stood far off, approached in large strides. "Everything has gone extremely smoothly. The methods that his majesty has left behind are really unspeakably miraculous. A hundred years has passed, but it was still able to completely capture those demons’ souls that escaped from the formation in the past. Not even one was able to escape. Even those old monsters at the Immortal stage in the past has been exterminated by us."

"The painstaking efforts of a hundred years can finally bloom today." Lin Zheng also gradually stopped laughing. "This time, we have completely swept and cleansed everything, completely removing the ashes of those demons from the other domains. The people of Heaven Wasteland can finally rest assured.”

Lu Heng also let out a breath.

There was a relaxed expression that appeared on her face, her smile blossoming like the flowering of hundreds of flowers. In front of the [Light Palace] where there were mountains of corpses and rivers of blood, it seem exceedingly beautiful and gentle.

"This time, it was all thanks to you two."

Lu Heng nodded her head in gratitude towards the Apex Prince Yu Feiyan as well as the Right Minister, Lin Zheng.

Her attitude when she spoke was extremely unique, as if she was completely equal in status to the two great figures, perhaps even higher than them. It was completely different from the previous picture of them doing battle previously.

"We don't dare."

Yu Feiyan and Lin Zheng both replied.

The attitude they treated Lu Heng with also suddenly became respectful.

Such a  change caused the surrounding people to be completely nonplussed, utter confusion running through them.

This seemed more and more like...

It was like Lin Zheng, Yu Feiyan and Lu Heng were on the same side.

But this was impossible.

Previously, Lin Zheng and Lu Heng had fought blade to blade, every strike struck to kill. Furthermore, Yu Feiyan and Lin Zheng had in these last decades, fought in the above and under the table countless times. They hated the fact they could not kill the other.

In the entire Empire, even in the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, everyone knew that these two were each other's greatest enemies.

They were... on the same side?

There were many people that were completely nonplussed.

Dugu Quan, Ouyang Buping, Qu Hanshan, Li Guangbi, these huge figures of the Empire also could not tell what had happened, feeling completely confused.

Lu Heng looked towards the pile of corpses that had accumulated into a massive mountain-like pile, blood flowing everywhere like a river. "It's only that this plan has too much killing. Although we have exterminated the demons from the other domains as well as the remnants, but the experts of the Human Race also suffered heavily."

Lin Zheng swept his gaze towards the accumulated corpses, with a faint smile, "For the continued flourishment and sustenance of the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland, it is normal for some people to die. Furthermore, out of the Jianghu people, all of them have ambition in their heart, and not willing to be converted to the Empire. They keep using the martial might to ignore the law, arrogantly calling it the 'matters of the Jianghu are settled in the Jianghu.' They are absolutely an unstable part, and does not have much difference to the demons of the other domains. This time, I only utilized the experts of the Jianghu and did not use the armies of the Empire. This was to use this opportunity, to cause them to kill each other, and solve everything all at once."

In such words, there was a sinister killing intent.

Everyone sucked in a cold breath inside.

Lin Zheng, at this moment, once again became the person with sister methods, cruel and emotionless, the Right Minister that calculated the responses of the entire world.

Yu Feiyan also nodded his head, “The people of the sects that were willing to participate in the battle to surround the City of Light were not any benevolent people anyway. In these years, I have interacted with such people too much. I know what they are like deeply, it's better if they are eradicated. Furthermore, today we have also shown mercy towards them. If they were not too greedy and did not enter into the Earth Fire sword pit, they did not need to die. Heng, you do not need to be so sorrowful. Life and Death is fated, this was their own choice."

Lu Heng, upon hearing this, nodded her head.

But she still let out a sigh.

At this time, the Old Commander Li Guangbi who always had no patience could finally bear it no longer, "You... this... just what is happening?"

This question was completely reflected in everyone's heart.

Lu Heng turned around, with a faint smile, "The root of this matter is long... if the Old Commander really wants to know, once his majesty arrives, then everything will become clear.”

"His majesty?" Li Guangbi was taken aback. "Is his Majesty not in closed isolation? For him not to appear now, it's most likely..."

Yu Feiyan let out a clear laugh, shaking his head, "Closed isolation? that is only a cover. His Majesty as well as the Previous Emperor, in these years, have lived in isolation and not taken care of political affairs. But this is not simply to be in closed isolation and cultivation."

"What?" Li Guangbi was taken aback, then there was delight in his face. He could not believe all of this, quickly asking with an expectation that could not be hidden, "Just what is happening? Why do I know nothing?"

As the Old Commander of the empire, before the empire had already even be founded, he had commanded armies, running rampant in all directions. The Li Guangbi at that time was vigorous and ambitious. He wanted to found a powerful and glorious human dynasty, pushing the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland into a pinnacle state.

But after the empire was founded, a strange changed occurred.

First it was that the peerless War God that had supported the empire had disappeared. What followed after that was that the first Snow Emperor had abdicated, then it was the Snow Emperor of current times. But it was only that these two Emperors did not pay attention to the Imperial Court, causing chaos in the Court, without any signs of showing initiative.

Li Guangbi had seen all of this, pain in his heart.

He had sent letter and proposal time after time, but had always been restricted, without receiving any reply whatsoever.

Afterwards, the heart of the Old Commander also gradually became cold.

Hearing the words of Yu Feiyan and thinking of the matters that had occurred before, Li Guangbi suddenly guessed at something. Just how could his heart not be overjoyed?

"The fact that the two Emperors are in closed isolation... is just a front. It was all for today. If there are no errors in the plan, then it is most likely that at this time, the Domain Gates of the Snow Ground Demon Court, the Hurricane Wave Demon Court, the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, and the Desert Brute Race has already been completely sealed. It should be difficult to open them again.”

"What?"

This time, the people who exhaled out loud was Dugu Quan and Ouyang Buping.

"How is this possible?" Dugu Quan let out a gasp. "You are saying... but the Domain Gate of the four other great other races has long been opened before. They are comparatively stable Domain Gates. Although they are narrow, but they are born from the world. It is absolute hard to shut them, if one tries to forcefully destroy it, it will cause chaos in the domain. Once the chaotic turbulence of spacetime expands, then the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain will be destroyed…”

"That's right. If it was not like so, then the War God in the past would have long completely sealed and shut off the Domain Gates in the territories of the four alien races. Why wait until today?" Ouyang Buping did not believe in what was being said. "With the power of that War God, he was not able to do this. Then why today..."

The Right Minister, Lin Zheng, let out a faint smile. "These are some methods that War God left behind. Normal methods would truly have no way of sealing off an already stable Domain Gate. But if it is done according to the wishes of the lifeform within the domain, and using the will of all life, and adding to this a formation array and secret technique, it will become possible to seal it off.”

"The will of all life?" Ouyang Buping was stunned for a moment, seeming to have understood something, then shook his head. "If you want to captured the will of everyone, the civilians of this city that has millions upon millions of people in it. If they would all pray together and attempt to resonate with the world, it may be achievable. But in this period of time, there were not any such thing occurring…”

Dugu Quan finally realized something, saying: "The position of the empire receives the worship of all life. There is an Emperor-like aura within the Imperial family, and that Emperor aura comes from the will of all life. Could it... could it be..."

"You old fellow, you are not entirely senile." Lin Zheng paid a glance to Dugu Quan. "Snow Empire has been founded for a hundred years. It has gathered the fortune of the Imperial family in the last hundred years. members of the Imperial family will have the enhancement of this Imperial aura. After obtaining the secret techniques of that uncomparable War God, they could absolutely use such a method to attempt to seal off the Domain Gates of the four great Demon Courts. “

As these words were said, Dugu Quan, Ouyang Buping, and Li Guangbi instantly realized something.

But very quickly, Li Guangbi frowned. He said, “The Domain Gates of the four other races belong to heavily guarded areas. It is protected extremely seriously, outsiders can rarely enter. If one performs an ambush, it is possible to achieve this. But the peerless experts that has the Imperial aura of Snow Empire flowing through them are in the rarity, there are not four. Therefore there is no way of attacking the four great courts of the other races first. If one chose to first attack something now and some later, there is no way of stopping the news from spreading. The Two Snow Emperors, no matter which location each chooses to attack, the other two locations will definitely receive news of this and make their preparations. To want to seal off all the Domain Gates is indeed utterly difficult!"

As these words were said, Ouyang Buping as well as Dugu Quan also subconsciously nodded their heads.

Yu Feiyan only let out a faint smile. "Who said there are only the Two Snow Emperors that has the fate of the Imperial family of Snow Empire running through them and are peerless experts. Old Commander, think more carefully."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

