Chapter 1265:


Chapter 1279 - Descent

Ye Qingyu could tell that the Sky Emperor had used his own body as a conduit to open up a portal to another timeline.

It was also obvious that the Sky Emperor had not actively sought out these fiendgods from another timeline. The blurry figure who had first appeared had probably initiated contact with the Sky Emperor; they must have agreed on some kind of deal that ultimately led to the Sky Emperor betraying the Divine Light Emperor in such a public manner. The greyish black aura from the blurry figure; it did not grant any extra powers to the Sky Emperor. Rather, he used the blurry figure's aura to release his coordinates that then led to the appearance of the seven other blurry figures.

The figure that had been slashed into pieces by the [Sword of Divine Light] was also amongst these figures.

Since he was merely a projection that had descended upon this timeline, he did not sustain any injuries, even though his body had been slashed to pieces earlier.

Now that the Sky Emperor had opened up a portal to an alternate timeline, these fiendgods and sovereigns were starting to come into this world.

The destructive energy that swirled all around the universe had originated from these fiendgods and sovereigns.

This was only an early warning sign that these fiendgods and sovereigns were about to make their descent into this world. They had used the coordinates released by the Sky Emperor to send their projections through, but the energy that they exuded was enough to practically destroy the entire Cloudy Clear Sea.

"Retreat!" the Divine Light Emperor yelled. His wings of light flapped, releasing a bright light energy that surged like the ocean and suppressed this destructive energy.

The Cloudy Clear Sea tribe and the soldiers of the Divine Light Court who were within the range of this destructive energy managed to retreat safely thanks to the protection of the Divine Light Emperor. This was no longer their battle and thus, the other six divine generals led their men to leave the battlefield. The Cloudy Clear Sea tribe also started to make their retreat under the leadership of their king. No matter how resentful and angry they were, they had to admit that it was probably a misunderstanding. Since the ploy had even managed to trick the Divine Light Emperor, this was no longer something that they could be part of. The wisest choice they could make was to retreat from this battlefield, if they wanted to preserve their bloodline.

The bright light energy surged like an ocean and started to launch its attack in the air.

The Sky Emperor let out a hysterical cry, as though he were a lunatic.

A large blurry gate opened behind him.

Grey, black, and misty light pillars that had a rotting smell constantly shot out from within this gate, as though a demonic meteor from outer space had landed in this world. These misty light pillars hurtled out frantically into this world and as their mist billowed outward, the seven projections behind the Sky Emperor grew sharper and clearer. The frightening mist had entered their bodies and their figures started to solidify, as though this mist was pumping life into them.

They were attempting to truly make their way into this world.

The Divine Light Emperor stood in the void. The large sword wings of light behind him fanned out, and as they flapped, one by one, its feathers transformed into divine swords that charged at the large blurry gate behind the Sky Emperor like a raging tempest.

He seemed absolutely invincible.

Although Ye Qingyu knew that he was merely watching a projection, he couldn't help but feel a shiver run down his spine. The power of light that surged as abundantly as the stars in the sky seemed vast and limitless. The Divine Light Emperor had chosen 'light' as his honorific title and his grasp of the power of light far surpassed the understanding of normal men. He controlled the laws of light deftly and effortlessly, single-handedly managing to suppress the seven blurry figures behind the Sky Emperor.

"Return to your own timeline. I don't wish to mess up the laws of time and space. Otherwise, I would have immediately killed all of you, destroying the Dao cultivation that you had painstakingly cultivated over millions of years," the Divine Light Emperor said and his voice carried the mandate of this part of heaven and earth, as it echoed like thunder all around the world.

"This is just wishful thinking. You wouldn't be able to carry out your threats," a blurry projection said.

He made his move; a curved blade appeared in the void and he slashed out. It instantly tore part of the void open and an endless suction power appeared from the inky black crack in the void, sucking all the divine swords in the air into its depths before the crack repaired itself. This control of space seemed like a skill that an average Martial Emperor could perform, but he had swallowed the Sky Emperor's swords of light. This was something that no ordinary being could do.

The battle unfolded.

Ye Qingyu witnessed an unparalleled battle that was like Immortals and demons fighting for dominance.

The Divine Light Emperor's cultivation had definitely broken all historical records and was something that no one else in the future had been able to match. He had already surpassed the Martial Emperor's cultivation realm and had transcended the realms of power that no other Martial Emperor had managed to do. It might seem like just one stage above Martial Emperor, but it was hard to imagine how anyone could achieve such perfection to transcend the Martial Emperor realm. It was merely a memory projection, so Ye Qingyu could not actually sense the energy ripples and the power of laws at work, but he couldn't help but tremble even at the sight of it. It was hard to imagine how someone could be this powerful.

It seemed as though he had the power to summon all the powers in the world with a single thought.

The seven projections were also very powerful, likely not any weaker in their own time and space. But having not truly traveled to this timeline, the Divine Light Emperor continued to have the upper hand.

The battle lasted for ten days and nights.

Ultimately, the large blurry gate behind the Sky Emperor was destroyed by the [Sword of Divine Light].

The seven projections struggled with all their might, but since they were unable to truly descend upon this world within such a short time, they were also destroyed by the Divine Light Emperor.

"It is time to end this," the Divine Light Emperor said as he approached the Sky Emperor.

"After we return, you are to head to the Destruction Cliff to reflect on your actions. I'll only allow you to leave after you've quelled the raging demon in your heart," the Divine Light Emperor said. He did not kill the Sky Emperor but continued to try to convince him to turn back from this path.

Ye Qingyu could tell that the Divine Light Emperor was a very sentimental and compassionate man. He continued to spare the Sky Emperor despite his heinous crimes; he extended mercy toward his subordinate as an Emperor and he was also being perfectly reasonable as a friend. This was part of his innate nature and perhaps the Divine Light Emperor's tolerance of his friend's actions had induced the Sky Emperor's descent to the dark side. Otherwise, the Sky Emperor would have been wiped from the world a long time ago.

The Divine Light Emperor's actions made him seem even more humane. He was a living, breathing human; not a lofty and cold-hearted sovereign, but a true friend.

This compassionate side of him seemed at odds with the mentality that an invincible, unparalleled sovereign would normally have.

The six divine generals gathered around the Sky Emperor and some tried to counsel him while others berated him. They were all enraged by his betrayal.

"Ah, hahahahaha..." the Sky Emperor threw his head back and laughed. "Counsel me? Hahaha, did you really think the battle has ended? Did you really believe that he managed to crush everything? Hahaha, how pathetic of you. Everything has just begun," the Sky Emperor's body suddenly split apart and turned into wisps of grey mist that overcame the resistance of the power of laws and the light to completely vanish from the world.

"What's happening?" the six divine generals realized that something was wrong.

The Divine Light Emperor's face paled. He was surprised to see that he hadn't been able to stop the Sky Emperor from leaving. The Emperor technique that the Sky Emperor had used earlier when he instantly turned his body into millions of wisps of mist was not of this era. He couldn't believe that he had failed to stop the Sky Emperor from leaving despite his invincible cultivation and mysterious techniques.

There was something odd about this.

The Sky Emperor would have never been able to pull this off and his backers, the projections that had yet to fully descend upon this world had been slashed into pieces.

What was going on?

The Divine Light Emperor frowned and immediately started to use his Light Emperor Detection Technique. After he deduced several scenarios, he suddenly turned pale and said, "We have to head back to the Divine Light Court immediately."

He turned into a silver flowing light even before his voice died away and disappeared on the spot.

The six divine generals looked at each other in dismay and they all realized that something was wrong.

They had never seen the Divine Light Emperor looking so solemn and grim.

Ye Qingyu guessed that something terrible must have befallen the imperial city of the Divine Light Court. It was highly possible that the events at the Cloudy Clear Sea had merely been a diversion tactic.

The reason was simple.

The Sky Emperor was smart enough, and those unparalleled sovereigns were cunning enough to know not to forcefully descend upon this world during the battle at the Cloudy Clear Sea when it was impossible to do so at that point in time. They had laid out such a meticulous plot that it was impossible for them not to have a clear understanding of the Divine Light Emperor's cultivation.

Two hours later.

At the capital city of the Divine Light Emperor.

The vast capital that had only looked like an endless sea of heavenly palaces was now reduced to a sea of blood. Countless creatures who had lived within the city were reduced to bloody sludge. Even Saint and Great Saint experts were killed instantly, and four large blood formations that shot up to the skies were laid out across the four corners of the capital. These blood formations unleashed a power that seemed like it could annihilate everything in this world and a destructive power consumed the entire capital. Every creature under the Saint realm was immediately reduced to nothing but blood the moment they came into contact with this power.

The powerful Divine Light Court that had once been known as 'heaven on earth' had been turned into a hellish sea of blood.

Mournful and sorrowful cries echoed throughout the void.

Both experts on the martial way and ordinary citizens died in large numbers.

The energies from their blood and qi became part of the vast ocean after they died and continued to feed the four large blood formations. Then, a large bloodied gate opened in the sky above the Divine Light Court. The energies of the blood, qi, and spirit from countless creatures were incredibly powerful when combined, and whoever laid this blood formation had already taken all this into consideration and leveraged on this fact to forcefully open the door to an alternate timeline.

A sharp figure appeared in the gate of blood.

This was an ethereal Daoist priest who was clad in black Daoist robes. He had white hair and brows but he held a long, blood-colored spear instead of a fly-whisk in his hands. His long, blood-colored spear made his kindly face look savage and bloodthirsty.

The aura he exuded was so frightening that it couldn't be described in words.

This was an extremely powerful expert who wasn't of this time nor space, and who had surpassed the Martial Emperor realm cultivation. He had not fully transcended the Martial Emperor realm cultivation, but he was merely a whisker away. Heaven and earth trembled the moment he appeared, as though they weren't able to contain the power of such an expert.

The real enemy of the Divine Light Emperor had appeared.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1266:


Chapter 1280 - A Divine Court Covered in Blood and Fire

Several experts from the Divine Light Court attempted to charge at this Daoist priest who wielded a long, bloodied spear, but they all exploded into a pile of mutilated flesh and blood with one of his glances. They plummeted to the ground and became part of the sea of blood.

"This is such a familiar scent. The blood and flesh of all creatures are the true top delicacies of this world," the Daoist priest exclaimed.

He opened his mouth as though he was a whale gulping water, and the countless Emperor-level experts all across the Divine Light Court who were struggling to protect the weak were drawn toward him. Then, his body immediately expanded and grew to be several thousand meters tall as he swallowed these countless experts.

He was eating.

"Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, I see you've made your way here too," a voice sounded.

A figure walked out from the gate of blood in the void. He had a head of long, purple hair and had big, bulging muscles that were covered in scales. He had the body of a man but also had a long dragon's tail. His hind legs were tough and strong, while his front legs were like dragon claws. He didn't wear any armor nor clothes, while his purple scales covered his entire body; he had the appearance of an ancient fiendgod.

Another sovereign from an alternate timeline had made his way into the world.

"Dark Purple Sovereign? It has been a hundred thousand years since we last met," the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster glanced at him before he opened his mouth once more, swallowing deeply like a dragon gulping down water, as he frantically drew on and absorbed the creatures of the various races down below. Countless experts from the Divine Light Court were pulled into his mouth and he continued feasting with huge gulps.

"Ha-ha, this is a great opportunity for me to nourish myself. I can't completely mature by feasting on the lifeforms of this era but it will still benefit me nonetheless," the Dark Purple Sovereign said with a cruel laugh.

He unsheathed his purple dragon claws and swiped at the void. A peak Quasi-emperor several thousand meters away—one who was organizing the troops of the Divine Light Court to resist the destructive power of the blood formation—was captured by him, then thrown into his mouth and chewed like a wild beast feasting on its prey. His strong jaws tore this Quasi-emperor into several pieces; then he ate everything, including the bones and flesh.

Several drops of blood dripped out from the corners of the Dark Purple Sovereign's mouth.

He constantly swiped at the void and each time, he chose the experts from the Divine Light Court, then ignored their frantic struggles and howls as he ruthlessly ate them whole.

"No, father..." A ray of flowing light flickered.

A young soldier from the Divine Light Court rushed toward the Dark Purple Sovereign. The peak Quasi-emperor who had been eaten by the Dark Purple Sovereign was his father and thus, the young man was enraged and charged over like a madman hell-bent on revenge.

Swoosh!

A black figure flashed by.

The young man was ensnared by the black tentacle that was several thousand meters long and dragged back.

The black tentacle absorbed all the energy and blood essence within this young man's body almost instantly, reducing this man to nothing but ashes that floated in the void.

The tentacle had stretched out from the gate of blood. Then, the gate of blood was pushed open and a lethal creature that looked like an octopus slowly struggled to squeeze itself out of it. It was a foreign race expert who was not any weaker compared to the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the Dark Purple Sovereign. It had transcended the Martial Emperor realm and was even more powerful than the two sovereigns.

"I sense an abundant life force in this place, a place where I can hunt freely. Very well, I shall use this place to replenish the energy I've exhausted by descending upon this place," the gigantic octopus monster said as it stretched out its thousands of tentacles into every part of the Divine Light Court.

That was an apocalyptic day.

No one could have imagined that the Divine Light Court that ruled over the world would one day face such a frightening attack, being so thoroughly defeated by the enemy in such a short span of time.

Grey mist circulated all around.

The Sky Emperor reappeared.

"The Divine Light Emperor will arrive shortly," he warned as he stood in the void and looked at Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others. "Don't let down your guard or the [Sword of Divine Light] will make you pay the price for your negligence."

Before his voice had faded away—

There was a bright flash of light in the void.

The Divine Light Emperor appeared. He had already rushed back.

"Ah..." he let out an angry growl when he saw the tragedy and destruction that had befallen the Divine Light Court. When he saw how countless citizens who had admired and looked up to him were reduced to a sea of blood. Even though he was so powerful, he still struggled to rein in the anger and killing intent.

The Sky Emperor's plan to launch a far-flung expedition to the Cloudy Clear Sea had been a malicious plot from the very beginning.

He had made use of the Divine Light Emperor's interest in the Yinqing Sea Eye and his desire to return to his hometown, to launch a large-scale expedition toward the Cloudy Clear Sea. All the core troops and main forces of the Divine Light Court had set forth toward the Cloudy Clear Sea. According to the Sky Emperor, this would have been the final expedition that the Divine Light Court would launch; but it had only been a ploy to lure the truly powerful forces away from the Divine Light Court, turning it into an empty shell that lacked proper military strength. Then, the Divine Light City had fallen because of the blood formation and several other traps that he had secretly put in place; the glorious imperial city that was unparalleled across all races was turned into a sea of death and falling snow.

The 'battle' in the Cloudy Clear Sea and the blurry figures that looked like projections who had descended upon the world were merely diversions to distract the Divine Light Emperor, leaving him unable to detect the tragedy that had befallen the Divine Light Court.

It was far too late by the time the Divine Light Emperor detected the truth and rushed over.

The four blood formations exerted a terrifying apocalyptic power, destroying the lives of countless creatures; the blood essences and souls from millions of martial experts were absorbed by these formations. This was then turned into energy to open the gate to the alternate timeline, the true gate to this world. When the gate stained with blood opened, it was then when the fiendgods of the alternate timelines could truly enter into their world.

That was the true descent.

These fiendgods and sovereigns were more than happy to massacre and absorb the powers of the experts in this time and space, as though they were plundering someone else's bountiful fields. They didn't feel any guilt at all; the more they plundered, the better it was for them, since it had taken so much out of them to truly descend upon the world of this timeline.

The people who they had massacred, including Martial Emperor experts, were as insignificant as crickets and ants to them.

Would anyone feel guilt and remorse for killing millions of crickets and ants?

Obviously not.

"Great, the big fish has finally arrived," the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster looked at the Divine Light Emperor; his eyes gleamed greedily as he said, "It is rare that such a powerful expert has managed to emerge from a civilization that had yet to fully mature. The purity of the power of light is a true treasure. He'll definitely be a great tonic."

The Divine Light Emperor was nothing but a tonic to the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster.

"Haha, I like the smell of his blood. I'm sure he'll be very tasty," the Dark Purple Sovereign revealed his innate violent nature as he made a grab for the Divine Light Emperor immediately. He wanted to capture and devour the Divine Light Emperor like all the other Quasi-emperors he had munched on earlier.

The gigantic octopus monster didn't say anything but his thousands of tentacles were already crawling toward the Divine Light Emperor.

Ye Qingyu had also appeared in the distance.

He heard the Divine Light Emperor's angry growl and saw ten thousand rays of light flash in the air as the gigantic octopus monster's tentacles were all hacked off by the [Sword of Divine Light]. The Dark Purple Sovereign's huge purple dragon claw was also hacked off, while the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster was sent flying back three thousand kilometers by the [Sword of Divine Light]...

The enraged Divine Light Emperor was as unstoppable as a divine king.

An intense battle unfolded.

The Dao laws and order rolled around turbulently across the world; the ground split apart while the void was smashed open. As the power of light swept across the surroundings, countless chains of order immediately appeared and traveled across the void, while the laws would collapse, then mend themselves. Ye Qingyu felt like this world was about to be smashed open at any time.

Not only Ye Qingyu, but also the demons descended from the gate of blood, all were now truly witnessing the Divine Light Emperor's prowess.

Three fiendgods from an alternate timeline had joined forces but they were still unable to defeat the Divine Light Emperor.

An hour later, the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster's body was covered in sword marks; a sword had pierced through the Dark Purple Sovereign's stomach, while the gigantic octopus monster's tentacles kept regrowing before being hacked off time and time again—it had probably lost millions of tentacles...

They were all thoroughly suppressed by the enraged Divine Light Emperor.

Before descending upon that world, from a reincarnated era that had yet to fully mature, the thought of encountering such a formidable foe had never crossed their minds. They assumed that it would be a crushing victory; their goal was merely to reap the spoils ahead of time. After all, this was a crucial time for them. However...

"I had already warned you not to let down your guard..." the Sky Emperor was livid.

He was extremely disappointed in the performance of the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others.

"Open the gate of blood and request for the Ancient Ghostly Emperor to emerge," the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster looked like a disheveled mess. He had never been so thoroughly crushed throughout his long and powerful life. He was already considered a Grandmaster in his own timeline, so he felt extremely humiliated by the fact that he was being dominated by a sovereign from a non-mature era.

"No wonder the Abandoned Fiendgod mentioned that there was a threat in this era, and tasked us to destroy it ahead of time," the Dark Purple Sovereign said with a cold scoff.

They were all sovereigns who had ruled over a particular civilization and era, and whose power had significantly decreased after they had descended upon an alternate timeline. They looked extremely bedraggled but they couldn't possibly die since they were merely doppelganger projections. However, if their true-self projections were to be destroyed, their yuan qi would be severely damaged.

The gigantic octopus monster constantly stretched out its newly grown tentacles to join forces with the two other fiendgods, as they engaged the Divine Light Emperor in battle.

It was a brutal battle.

The Sky Emperor who had completely crossed over to the dark side started to massacre those from the Divine Light Court, constantly supplying the formations with blood and bones. He personally murdered the experts who had once been his men and poured their blood onto the formations. He slashed out with his sword and massacred countless others who had once been his comrades. These people turned into bones, dying by his sword in disbelief and shock...

Even up to the point when they died, many experts and creatures couldn't believe that they had been slaughtered by the highly regarded second-in-command of the Divine Light Court, the Sky Emperor who had shone the brightest after the Divine Light Emperor.

What had happened?

Ye Qingyu felt like his eyes were about to be torn apart as he watched this scene.

The Sky Emperor was mad; he had truly gone mad.

If he could, he would have definitely put a stop to this.

Unfortunately, these were events from millions of years ago; he was unable to change history.

The Sky Emperor was far too despicable and ruthless.

The Divine Light Emperor let out a heartrending cry as he finally gave up on the Sky Emperor. He made several attempts on the Sky Emperor's life, even at the risk of harming himself, but he failed to kill him as the three other fiendgods from an alternate timeline continued to block his attacks.

Soon, the gate of blood finally opened once more after it had received enough energy to sustain it.

A frightening figure that was shrouded in dark blue light appeared.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1267:


Chapter 1281 - Abandoned Fiendgod

This was a tragedy and a calamity that had befallen the entire world.

The entire Divine Light Court had been reduced to a sea of blood by the time the six divine generals rushed back.

"Stop! Have you gone mad?"

"He has already gone over to the demonic side. We can't spare him any longer."

The six divine generals attempted to stop him when they saw the Sky Emperor who had succumbed to lunacy.

The six divine generals were undeniably the true top-level experts who formed the backbone of the military. After they stepped in, they managed to temporarily stop the Sky Emperor who had been demonized. The Sky Emperor was stronger than all six of these divine generals, but there were limits to his strength. He couldn't fully suppress his opponents unlike the Divine Light Emperor and thus, he was temporarily kept out of action by them.

However, this could not change the situation significantly.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor had emerged from the gate of blood.

It was a true titan. A fiendgod sovereign from another timeline, the king of the sovereigns.

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the three other sovereigns all treated him very deferentially after he appeared, and his dark blue light spread across heaven and earth, clashing with the power of light from the Divine Light Emperor. It was as though two different oceans suddenly collided. The two powers were starkly different; one dark blue and the other silvery white.

The Divine Light Emperor's face turned grim.

He knew that he had finally encountered a formidable enemy.

The battle continued.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor battled the Divine Light Emperor.

Unbelievable scenes could be witnessed on the battlefield. The firmament was immediately wiped out by their divine abilities and the starry sky appeared to have enveloped the entire place. The Divine Light Emperor ultimately decided to bring the battle to space, because he was no longer able to control the remnant energy waves despite his mighty strength. If the battle dragged on with such intensity, not only would the Divine Light Court, but the entire world would be destroyed.

"Kill!"

The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster charged toward the six divine generals.

"Haha, these are the true delicacies," the Dark Purple Sovereign said with a chuckle. These six divine generals were definitely the perfect tonics to them; the more powerful they were, the higher their cultivation would be, and the more powerful the power and laws contained within their bodies would be. Thus, these six divine generals were even more suited to be eaten.

The gigantic octopus' millions of tentacles stretched out toward the six divine generals at the same time.

Three fiendgods from an alternate timeline started to fight for food.

They wanted to consume them to replenish the energy lost and to heal the injuries sustained from their battle with the Divine Light Emperor.

"Hahaha, hahahaha.... since you refuse to join me, then you should die together with him," the Sky Emperor laughed maniacally as he retreated. He used to be on rather good terms with these six divine generals, but they were extremely loyal to the Divine Light Emperor and would never agree with his beliefs and choices. Since they refused to follow him, he would rather see them die. If they continued to live, they would pose a threat to his future plans. In any case, he had already betrayed the Divine Light Emperor, so killing these comrades was nothing compared to that.

"Launch the battle formation!" a divine general cried.

He reached into the void and pulled out a pair of blood axes.

Ye Qingyu found the pair of blood axes very familiar.

"Could this be Wen Wan's ancestor?" Ye Qingyu looked at these divine general's weapons in surprise—the pair of axes he held were exactly the same as Wen Wan’s blood axes, but were far more powerful than Wen Wan's. Wisps of light flowed along the carvings of the blood ax like blood, before spreading out toward the void. A phantom totem of an ancient war god appeared behind this divine general.

Then, Ye Qingyu saw the other divine generals drawing their weapons.

One of these men looked a lot like Gao Diping. He was protected by flames of fire and held a long spear in his hand. Another figure appeared from the shadows; this martial expert from the shadows looked extremely familiar.

Could the five divine generals of his time and the expert within the shadows be the descendants of these five divine generals?

Ye Qingyu looked contemplative.

The battle intensified.

The six divine generals unleashed a terrifying combat power that left Ye Qingyu shocked.

The six of them split into three groups of two, working with each other to display some kind of profound battle formation to fight the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the others; they managed to hold their own against their mighty foes. Although they were suppressed by the fiendgods, they were not utterly defeated.

It was no wonder that the Divine Light Court was a titan of this era and could effortlessly defeat all its enemies.

Ye Qingyu could not help but exclaim in admiration.

The Sky Emperor ignored the battle that the six divine generals were fighting and continued on his murderous rampage like a demented killing god. He killed everything he saw, destroyed their souls, and hacked their bodies into pieces. Blood and consciousness power continued to feed the four blood formations; the living souls of the Divine Light Court were like wheat on millstones, constantly being ground into pieces to become an energy that could sustain the opening of the gate of blood. It was obvious that the Sky Emperor's goal was not just for the Ancient Ghostly Emperor to enter but also the Abandoned fiendgod, the other kings and sovereigns...

Boom!

The gate of blood trembled violently.

Soon, another fiendgod from an alternate timeline descended.

It was a gigantic oddly-shaped skeleton, with white bones and formation carvings covering every piece.

"This isn't the Abandoned fiendgod. Why hasn't he arrived yet?" the Sky Emperor seemed a little disappointed at the appearance of this white-boned sovereign, since this was not a top-level sovereign.

However, the appearance of this white-boned sovereign was enough to break the impasse on the battlefield. After it joined forces with the other fiendgods to battle the six divine generals, the generals were immediately injured. Their blood splashed across the sky, but they continued to growl angrily and resolutely unwilling to retreat.

"We have to hold them back."

"His Highness will definitely come back!"

The six divine generals were incredibly confident, since under the leadership of the Divine Light Emperor, they had managed to overcome all difficulties to turn the situation around time and time again. Moreover, they had to avenge their fallen comrades and the destruction of the Divine Light Court; being such, they continued to battle on valiantly.

The Sky Emperor laughed coldly.

He found their blind loyalty and determination extremely pathetic.

He wanted to kill these six divine generals as much as he wanted the Divine Light Emperor gone.

The energy from the blood formation was no longer contained within the Divine Light Court but started to spread outward. It instantly traveled a distance of several thousands of kilometers; all living creatures that were enveloped by this energy, and who were beneath the Saint realm were instantly turned into blood sludge. Countless forces and troops who rushed over from the distant lands were caught off-guard and suffered heavy losses. The Saint experts who barely managed to survive were ruthlessly massacred by the Sky Emperor who then fed their Saint blood into the four blood formations...

The gate of blood was continuously expanding.

Ye Qingyu was very worried and longed to help, but he could do nothing to stop this.

These scenes were only shocking and impactful after he personally witnessed the fight unfolding in front of him. He wanted to turn back time to join this battle, because he knew that the world being destroyed by the sovereigns from an alternate timeline was also the same world that he lived in.

Now that such a disastrous calamity had befallen the world, the Divine Light Emperor and his followers were no longer fighting just for their own benefit; Ye Qingyu was witnessing the ancestors of this world trying their best to protect the world and stop the bloody massacre caused by the Invaders. This battle changed the direction of history and civilization; millions of years later, this event was buried under the passage of time and forgotten by most people.

If that bloody massacre had not been stopped, this formation martial way world would have already been destroyed by the fiendgods and sovereigns from an alternate timeline, right?

He didn't understand why these fiendgods had risked everything to descend upon this world and what their motives were for destroying it, but the massacre they had committed would be imprinted in the bones of every living creature of the formation martial world.

Roar!

An angry growl rang out from the Divine Light Court.

A figure rushed up into the sky from a divine temple that had collapsed.

"Sky Emperor, you bastard. How dare you plot to trap me... you... what's going on? What happened to this place?" a violent roar echoed across the lands.

This was yet another familiar voice.

Ye Qingyu immediately knew that this was the spirit monkey battle pet. It had been known as the 'Royal Spirit' within the Divine Light Court since it was the Divine Light Emperor's pet.

"Haha, Sun Wukong, didn't you always boast that you were more intelligent than any other creature? Yet, you still managed to fall into my trap, the [Immortal-Killing Formation]. It took you so long to break free and now it is too late. The era of the Divine Light Court is about to come to an end," the Sky Emperor said and laughed like a lunatic.

The Royal Spirit was the most formidable creature under the Divine Light Emperor. It had not gone with the rest of the army to conquer the Cloudy Clear Sea that time, because it was the largest threat to the Sky Emperor's plan. The Royal Spirit had been tricked by the Sky Emperor; he had remained trapped by a formation and finally managed to force its way out.

Soon, the spirit monkey battle pet Sun Wukong understood what had taken place.

"I will kill you," it said in anger. It raised its golden magical staff and charged toward the Sky Emperor.

The six divine generals were in dire straits and barely holding on.

Time ticked by.

The battle had only lasted for ten days and nights.

At the same time, there were other Emperor-level experts from distant lands who had joined the battle. These were all sect masters of the large forces who were indebted to the Divine Light Emperor, and other experts who understood the implications of this battle. They didn't dare to stand idly by while the entire world was on the brink of collapse and attacked with all their might. They coordinated their attacks with the six divine generals and fought against the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster, the Dark Purple Sovereign, the gigantic octopus, and the White-Boned Dictator; thus, the battle grew fiercer and more intense.

This was a battle of a scale larger than any other battle, both in the past and the future.

Emperors were slain and their blood splattered across the sky.

Ye Qingyu could not describe his feelings. These were such tragic scenes from a terrifying battle, and the names of these Emperors who were slain in battle were never recorded nor remembered by anyone in the current time. Yet, at that very moment, they would have rather died than submit to these fiendgods, unleashing their brightest and most powerful willpower to resist these sovereign-level fiendgods. If he had been present during that moment, he would have made the same choice as those Emperor-level experts.

Rumble!

The doors to the gate of blood flung open once more.

A dark figure was projected from the gate of blood.

It was only a projection. Still, it was enough to make all the experts on the battlefield shiver in fear.

A figure who wasn't very large slowly appeared from the gate of blood, but unlike the other sovereigns who had struggled to emerge and unleashed abundant energy, the black figure appeared like he had floated up to the surface of a pond. There was nothing distinctive about him; his aura was calm, but he exuded a noiseless energy that turned the world that was dyed in blood, into a silent and monochromatic world.

Abandoned Fiendgod!

The Sky Emperor's eyes gleamed as he looked at this figure from a distance.

The king of the sovereigns had finally arrived.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1268:


Chapter 1282 - Matchless in the Art of Sword and Saber

The arrival of the Abandoned Fiendgod heralded a significant shift in terms of the direction of the battle.

He was as powerful as the Ancient Ghostly Emperor; when he emerged from the gate of blood, he was so powerful that the gate of blood almost broke apart—this was a gate that had absorbed a vast amount of blood qi and souls from Saints, but it was now on the verge of collapse because of the arrival of the Abandoned Fiendgod. This showed how terrifying the Abandoned Fiendgod was, and it was as though a large rock had been thrown into a pond filled with blood that caused the blood in the river to overflow.

The Abandoned Fiendgod's gaze swept across the entire battlefield; he didn't join the battle of the six divine generals and the other Martial Emperors against the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the other fiendgods from an alternate timeline, since it was not intense enough to pique his interest.

He looked up to the void above the firmament and ultimately decided to join the battle of the Divine Light Emperor and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

The ultimate outcome hinged on this battle.

After another king of the sovereigns joined the battle, the Divine Light Emperor clearly felt the pressure since he could have continued holding the Ancient Ghostly Emperor at bay, maintaining a position where they were evenly tied. This display of power from the peak Martial Emperor of that era had been enough to stun the Ancient Ghostly Emperor and the other fiendgods from an alternate timeline. However, after the Abandoned Fiendgod joined the battle, the Divine Light Emperor was at an unfair disadvantage.

"I'm surprised that the both of you would join forces given how powerful and lofty each of you are," the Divine Light Emperor said as his wings formed from his [Sword of Divine Light] flapped behind him.

There was no trace of fear on his face and his power of light surged like an ocean. He might have been up against two kings of the sovereigns, but he did not show any sign of retreating. He stood like a monolith in an ocean with strong undertows, facing off against two peerless foes.

"This is a battle of Dao systems and destiny, not a battle to determine who would be the strongest, so there's no need to care about scruples," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said coldly and nonchalantly, his voice drifting in and out.

"The end justifies the means," the Abandoned Fiendgod said simply.

These two kings of the sovereigns looked very calm; neither of them thought that it was beneath their status to join forces to kill the Divine Light Emperor, since this was not a battle for honor and personal gain, but a battle of ideals and Dao systems. It was a battle that transcended one's honor and they only cared about the final outcome. The process didn't matter to them.

The Divine Light Emperor did not continue to argue with them because he knew that there was no point in doing so.

The battle in the starry skies became even more terrifying.

The Divine Light Emperor barely managed to hang on.

He unleashed his true earth-shattering combat power and the strength he displayed was extremely terrifying. He still managed to endure, even against the attacks of two kings of the sovereigns; the power that he displayed smashed all historical records and would never be replicated again in future times. Even the Abandoned Fiendgod and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor were extremely shocked by his display of power.

The battle between the six divine generals and the others against the Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the four other fiendgods was slowly and gradually starting to shift—the fiendgods had gained the upper hand especially after they absorbed the blood qi and yuan essence of several slain Emperor-level experts. They used this as nourishment; the injuries sustained from their battle with the Divine Light Emperor gradually healed. their strength continually soared and they gained the upper hand.

The spirit monkey battle pet Sun Wukong was forced to jump into the fray, to protect the six divine generals and the others.

This meant that the Sky Emperor managed to slip away from his battle with Sun Wukong.

He seemed to have been completely overcome with bloodlust, and immediately charged toward the troops that had arrived from the various other forces to lend aid. Then, he went on a merciless killing rampage, ruthlessly killing everything he saw and poured their blood, flesh, bones, and spirit into the four blood formations.

It was obvious that the Sky Emperor was not satisfied with the arrival of the Ancient Ghostly Emperor and the Abandoned Fiendgod, but he wanted to use the gate of blood to summon even more fiendgods and sovereigns from the alternate timelines.

His crazed actions were completely baffling.

"If he wanted to take revenge on the Divine Light Emperor or wanted to kill him, the number of fiendgods who have invaded this world would be more than enough to accomplish his goal. What exactly is the Sky Emperor after? Has he become completely mad and is now hell-bent on destroying everything in this timeline and this era, dragging the entire world down along with him? No, this shouldn't be it. The Sky Emperor is not such a crazed and unreasonable man. He is definitely up to something," Ye Qingyu mulled to himself as he watched the battles unfold.

The Divine Light Emperor was bathed in blood high up in the firmament.

The top warrior of that era's martial way civilization was finally injured.

His gigantic white wings formed from his sword of light were broken and torn, while his blood had splashed across the skies.

The Ancient Ghostly Emperor and the Abandoned Fiendgod were not much better off; injuries had also formed on their bodies. It had been ages since they were hurt after they had attained such a high cultivation and strength. In fact, they had forgotten what being injured felt like, but they felt an immense pressure from battling the Divine Light Emperor and didn't dare hold anything back. They fought with all their might, but they were still unable to kill the Divine Light Emperor within a short span of time.

"As expected, there is a transcendent opportunity that is probably in your possession, but we can't afford to let you achieve your goals. If you manage to transcend, you would wreck our plans," the Ancient Ghostly Emperor said. He admired the Divine Light Emperor's strength, his junior on the martial way, but he did not let his admiration get in the way of his ultimate goal. He had to kill the Divine Light Emperor; otherwise, all their plans would be for naught.

"This is not the right time yet, so we must not let the flower bloom, nor allow fruits to grow on this tree," the Abandoned Fiendgod said coldly and attacked even more frantically after being bathed in blood.

The Divine Light Emperor did not say anything.

After he surpassed the Martial Emperor cultivation, he had already vaguely detected the presence of these sovereigns from an alternate timeline. He had made a few calculations and discovered several things that were beyond this timeline, and also came to know about several secrets. This was why he gradually lost interest in expeditions and killing others, and also disregarded the power and authority he held in this world.

He had been expecting this battle but the only thing that caught him off-guard was the Sky Emperor's betrayal and downfall to insanity.

If it hadn't been for the Sky Emperor, for his betrayal, this battle would have taken place at a later date.

No one was able to accurately predict the future; the Divine Light Emperor was also unable to do so.

The battle in the firmament intensified and these three kings of the sovereigns also began to sustain injuries. Gods would also bleed and this was especially so since they hadn't truly transcended. However, they were so powerful that even if they were injured, it was unlikely that those injuries would be life-threatening, and neither would they truly affect their foundation. They were only a whisker away from true transcendence, extremely close to living for eternity, so it was almost impossible to injure them. They could be killed but the process would take ages; life would need to be drained out of them bit by bit, so it was impossible to kill them instantly.

Rumble!

The gate of blood trembled violently once again.

A terrifying aura that was extremely powerful exploded out from the gate of blood.

The aura from the gate of blood was extremely frightening this time, even above the auras released by the Abandoned Fiendgod and the Ancient Ghostly Emperor.

A golden foot slowly stepped out from the gate of blood.

The earth shook and mountains trembled.

It was as though this golden foot had the power to crush the entire world under its feet with each step. The Bloodied-Spear Daoist Grandmaster and the other fiendgods from alternate timelines turned pale; terror was written all over their faces. It was obvious that they recognized the owner of the golden foot and were both terrified and fearful of him.

"Is... is he really about to descend upon this world?"

"My god, am I dreaming? How could it be? Does it mean that this person is also after the opportunity from this era and timeline? How could this be?" the Dark Purple Sovereign exclaimed in shock.

The gigantic octopus and the White-Boned Sovereign quickly retreated, as though they didn't dare to be near that golden foot. They were well aware of how terrifying the owner of the golden foot was.

The Sky Emperor's face was filled with fervor and madness.

He laughed loudly and said, "Haha, this is great. Let's wipe everything out and start afresh."

Soon, a golden phantom figure was projected out from the gate of blood. The golden foot stepped across the gate of blood's threshold and took a heavy step outside. However, it seemed to have difficulty crossing over, so his golden blood shadow was projected from the gate of blood first.

It was hard to describe the appearance of this golden phantom figure because it was so blurry, but it was extremely powerful. The aura from his blood projection alone was even more terrifying than the Ancient Ghost Emperor's aura.

It opened its eyes.

Its eyes were like divine swords that cut through all power of laws, destroyed all Dao principles, and crushed all order as they hurtled toward the Divine Light Emperor.

That was a lethal attack.

Even the powerful Divine Light Emperor felt the shadow of death loom over as the attack hurtled toward him.

However, before the Divine Light Emperor could react, another figure appeared from the gate of blood and two chains of order appeared from the gate, one golden and the other silver. They appeared later but arrived faster than the golden phantom shadow's attacks. Then, these chains of order immediately slashed the two eye beams from the golden phantom figure, turning them into pieces midair.

It was another formidable figure.

That was a person whose power was definitely on par with the golden phantom figure.

"The power of the rusty sword and demon saber... Sword-Saber Divine Emperor, how dare you stop me?" the golden phantom figure asked as he suddenly turned around, looking back at the gate of blood. His voice was wizened and ancient, distant and enraged.

The golden and silver chains of order circulated in the firmament, then transformed into a phantom figure. He had long black hair and was dressed in black robes, his figure tall and slender. He looked like he was from the Human Race; his aura was extremely majestic and powerful, upright and righteous. He was starkly different, compared to the fiendgods from alternate timelines who had emerged from the gate of blood; his blunt saber and rusty sword could be seen poking out from his back. His saber will and sword qi swirled around him simultaneously, suppressing the golden phantom figure. He was evidently a peerless and unparalleled martial warrior, who had also been projected from the gate of blood.

"Every flower would have its time to bloom. Flowers from the outside world may not suppress the magnificence of the current era... If this opportunity doesn't belong to your time, you mustn't force it," the black-robed and black-haired projection spoke. His voice was clear and resonant; his aura was so powerful that it brooked no resistance. He was evidently on the Divine Light Emperor's side and made it very clear that he would not allow anyone to kill the Divine Light Emperor.

"Who would be able to defeat the sword and saber from the black-robed master? A single thought from him is able to entrap in ice for millions of years... You're known to be matchless in the art of the sword and saber. Ding Hao, this isn't the first time you've tried to stop me. Do you really think that I wouldn't be able to defeat you?" the golden phantom figure said angrily and resentfully. He clearly recognized this black-robed figure and addressed him by name.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

