Chapter 513:


Chapter 533, The Enlightenment tea party invitation

“You are the successor to the Immortal God Emperor Sect?”

The rear peak of Greater One Peak.

The few well-dressed young people had a very arrogant and aggressive attitude, and wore a provocative smile, looking up and down the handsome young man.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu already knew that the name of the successor of Immortal God Emperor was Nan Tieyi.

“You are?”

A smile curved over Nan Tieyi’s face, his demeanor was calm, as it had been throughout this entire process.

“Haha, I heard that the Immortal God Emperor Sect ruled the world back then, and possesses some divine skills. Us brothers are very curious, so we naturally came to practice with you.” The young man who spoke was quite conceited. Between his eyebrows was a little flame mark, he had red hair and red brows, and was dressed in a beautiful red silk robe, his entire body exhibiting a piercing sharp word-like aura.

“Yes, Immortal God Emperor Sect is known as the best in the world, we don’t agree so we want to compare ourselves against you.”

“Haha, yes, the former brilliance had passed, yet some people still use the title of the best sect in the world to show off...”

These young men especially came by to challenge Nan Tieyi.

Facing the aggressive opponents, Nan Tieyi remained calm as always. “You may be mistaken. I have never said that Immortal God Emperor Sect is the best, and have not used this name to show off everywhere. You are right, the former brilliance is gone, it is nothing but a false reputation. I have never felt that there is anything worth praising.”

The few youngsters stared at him blankly when they heard this.

They evidently did not think that this young man would be so calm and tolerating despite them deliberately making things difficult, and even insulting his sect.

After a long pause, the red flame youngster suddenly burst out laughing, “I heard that since the loss of the ruling authority, Immortal God Emperor Sect has been living in seclusion and became extremely low-key. Oh, it seems that the rumours are not false, when your God Emperor abdicated, it was a wise decision, but so many years have past, yet you are always holed up in the Weishui Mountains, and had lost the heart to fight, becoming a cowardly turtle... A sect like that claims to be the Immortal God Emperor Sect? It is better to change the name to Immortal God turtle, hahaha!”

The other young people, too, laughed with a contemptuous smile.

But Nan Tieyi remained calm as ever, treating him with great forbearance and wearing a faint smile on his face, showing not a shred of anger.

“You little bastards, not only are you not grateful for the contribution of your elders, but your words are rude.” Liu Shaji couldn’t stand watching any longer and scolded, “Without Immortal God Court, Clear River Domain would have turned into a pile of ruins, and perhaps you would have become a slave of foreign domain forces. Would you have the chance to stand here and openly insult the saviours of Clear River Domain.”

“Saviours, haha, what a joke.” The red flame mark young man disdainfully laughed. “Only the pedantic would be grateful to Immortal God Court. Without this imperial court back then, the alliance of major forces of Clear River Domain could have combated the invasion. Perhaps today, the Clear River Domain will be more powerful than it is now, and with the alliance of the domain, we might have a stronger right of speech, and not as it is now, relying on others for the air we breathe.”

“Ignorant children.” Hu Bugui sneered, his blade-like brows raised, eyes flashing with a trace of killing intent.

“I know you’re that Great Thief, haha, what? Even here you still want to swagger about.” Another young man that radiated a faint golden pure light shot a glance at Hu Bugui, smiling coldly, “The so-called 18 Great Thieves are nothing but 18 mad dogs that no one is willing to provoke, but you really think of yourself as a great figure? Do you really think that all the major sects are afraid of you? You really are too naive, I'll break your spine sooner or later.”

With these words, the scene was immediately filled with killing intent.

Hu Bugui mischievously grinned, his clothes ballooning out in the absence of wind, like a fierce beast about to explode, forcing his way towards the youngster step by step.

The young man seemed not the slightest bit afraid. The golden colour around him erupted, his imposing manner frantically rising, and the golden qi flame behind him was surging like the ocean, as he stared and smiled grimly at Hu Bugui.

These people originally came to challenge the descendant of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, Nan Tieyi. Unexpectedly, they first started a fight with the Great Thief.

Just at this moment——

“Guys, quick, please stop, stay calm.”

A hurried voice came.

It was Han Qi that white haired, ruddy complexioned old fellow, hastily rushing over and shouting from afar.

“Young heroes, this is not a place to battle. Please endure for now, please respect the Greater One Sect.” Han Qi sounded a little breathless. “This time my Master is personally hosting the Sword Storm meeting, it is a major event of the domain, I kindly ask you to extinguish your anger and give priority to the major event.”

Hu Bugui did not even glance at Han Qi.

But the young man with the surging golden light gave the words a little thought, then the golden flame behind gradually subsided, as he smiled coldly, “The person surnamed Hu Hu, the time and place are not right today, I won’t kill you for now. When the Sword Storm meeting begins, on the platform, in front of the world, do you dare battle against our Nangong family?”

“Haha, so it’s the child of the Nangong family, no wonder he wants to challenge me. Hahaha, what? You want to redeem your Nangong family’s face for having your arsenal robbed?” Hu Bugui sneered repeatedly. “ Fine, I accept, one battle, when I knock your teeth out on the Storm platform, you will go back to your Nangong family and cry again.”

Han Qi wiped away the beads of sweat across his forehead, feeling slightly relieved.

“Gentlemen, harmony is precious.” He smiled and hurriedly separated the two groups of people.

“Nan Tieyi, when will the Immortal God Emperor Sect stop being huddling up like turtles? If you guys are that cowardly, might as well kill yourself, that would avoid making a fool out of yourself.” The young man with the flame mark looked right at the Successor of Immortal God Emperor Sect with contempt. “At the Sword Storm meeting, I will personally challenge you, haha, at that time you cannot be a turtle any longer. If you are afraid of death, then get out of my sight.”

After that, the several young people turned and left.

Old Fish was grinning and watching happily all along, but his cross eyes were at a crooked angle and others thought he was looking elsewhere.

Ye Qingyu could tell that these young people had very powerful backing, and each of them was also very strong, and should be the core-cultivated disciples of a major sect.

And today, the matter of challenging Nan Tieyi was most likely not so simple as it looks on the surface.

It was only until those young men were far away that Han Qi could really breathed a sigh of relief, turned towards Nan Tieyi, and said apologetically, “Young emperor forgive me, I only just received the news, the current disciples of major sects are really spoiled, causing trouble all day long, they really are a headache.”

“Don’t worry about it.” Nan Tieyi had remained calm all along.

Hu Bugui sneered out loud but did not speak.

This Great Thief was well known to be simple and direct. If someone is pleasing to his eyes he would see them as a friend and treat them with absolute sincerity, that even if kicked in the butt he will not be mad. If there is someone that he does not like, even if they flatter and try to get close to him, he will never speak nicely to them.

While Liu Shaji was smiling all this time, he had an unrestrained appearance, and no one knew what he was thinking.

Han Qi apologized repeatedly, before he turned around to leave he suddenly remembered something. Heook out a gold dragon stamped invitation card, and politely handed it to Nan Tieyi, “Young emperor, this is the invitation card for tomorrow’s Enlightenment Tea Party. The best medicine of our sect [Great Dao Sentient Flower] will bloom tomorrow at noon. This divine flower only blooms once every 50 years, its petals have marvelous effects. With one petal, one can understand the Great Dao. Master is specially hosting the Enlightenment Tea Party, inviting descendants of various sects to taste tea. It is also a rare opportunity to learn from each other. The descendants of Greater One Sect’s eight peaks, as well as the descendants of Heaven Devastator Demon Sect and the young talents of Clear River Domain will appear.”

Nan Tieyi looked at the gold dragon stamped invitation card, frowning slightly.

Just as he was about to say something, Hu Bugui had already rushed forward to accept the invitation. “I heard that Greater One Sect's [Great Dao Sentient Flower] is a treasure of Clear River Domain. Perfect, I can go take a look. Hahaha, us five brothers have decided to attend this tea party.”

Old Fish was furious when he heard him. “Bandit leader are you stupid? What do you mean us five brothers?” He pointed at Ye Qingyu, “This boy is my disciple, how can you mix up seniority?”

Hu Bugui cast a contemptuous glance at him, “Pfff, if you didn't tell me I would have thought that Tian Huang is your master, he is more stable than you.”

Old Fish man, “...”

Han Qi looked to Nan Tieyi.

Nan Tieyi looked to Hu Bugui, asking, “An invitation card can allow how many people to attend the tea party?”

From these words, Han Qi immediately knew that this was considered as an acceptance from the young emperor. He finally was able to relax a little knowing that his task today had been completed. “Exactly five, Young emperor can take these several friends with you.”

“That's good, we'll be on time tomorrow.” Nan Tieyi smiled and nodded.

……

Waiting until Han Qi was gone, Liu Shaji then very curiously took the gold dragon stamped invitation card, and carefully read the message inside.

Regarding this so-called Enlightenment Tea Party, Ye Qingyu also had a little bit of interest, and there was no harm in going either.

But the most important thing was that, just moments ago, he found that the Scarlet Demon Spider curse mark on his arm was unexpectedly emitting heat. This indicated that the Demon Spider race experts were moving closer to him and had determined his location, and would come over soon.

“The Demon Spider race had entered the Greater One Sect’s controlled area, is it going to go into a war with Greater One Sect? Interesting... If properly planned, we might be able to drive away a tiger and swallow a wolf, and give a huge gift to Greater One Sect.”

Ye Qingyu gradually formed a plan in his mind.

It was also at this time that there was an unexpected movement in the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

After a long period of sleeping and hibernation, the silly dog Little Nine had finally awakened.

And right after waking up, the good-for-nothing dog did something that infuriated Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 514:


Chapter 534, Exploring Clear Lotus Peak late at night

“You good-for-nothing...”

Ye Qingyu was almost speechless.

The silly dog Little Nine, who had just awakened, was squatting on the ground with an endearingly silly and innocent look, head drooping low, like he had done something wrong.

After awakening, Little Nine’s body was much bigger than before. He was now probably the size of a normal five- or six-year-old puppy, and his forelimbs, which originally looked a bit handicapped and atrophic, seemed to have grown a lot. His originally white fur made him appear endearingly silly and cute, and a handsome dog. Unfortunately, the good-for-nothing dog was mostly burnt, charred, and even unburnt hairs were also fried up. At first glance he was like a stray dog in the street, his nose was crooked, his eyes were crossed, and his tongue hung from the left side of his mouth, as stiff as a rag.

“Before, when you stole other people's stuff, I can barely tolerate it,” Ye Qingyu continued, “Now you even eat my stuff. This is God-level Origin liquid, and also chaotic thunder liquid, you even would risk your life to eat them.”

The silly dog Little Nine now looked as miserable as struck by lightning, because he had secretly drank the chaotic liquid in the [Cloud Top Cauldron] when he woke up.

By the time Ye Qingyu had detected that there were lightning flashing and thunder rolling within the storage space of [Cloud Top Cauldron], he came to discover that this silly dog had already withstood the electric shock and braved the purple-blue lightning to take huge mouthfuls of the chaotic liquid. And before this, it was clear that the good-for-nothing dog had taken advantage of the fact that Ye Qingyu had not noticed to quietly drink over half a jar of God-level Origin liquid.

“Woof woof... just... woke... mouth... thirsty,” the crooked-nosed and crossed eyed dog guiltily explained.

Ye Qingyu roared, “Shut up, I don't believe that you could not tell what that thing was, you clearly secretly ate my stuff... Do you know how many dogs like you I could have bought with what you've eaten?”

“Woof woof.” Silly dog Little Nine lowered his head. On the surface it seemed he was acknowledging his mistake, but deep inside there was an imposing manner that was saying ‘I stole it what can you do about it’.

While this was happening, Old Fish, who had just circled round Little Nine a few times, his crossed eyes were flashing a glimmer of excitement, “My good disciple, your words are not exactly right. Your stuff may not necessarily be able to buy you such a dog.”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then immediately realized something, “Old thing, did you notice something?”

All along, Ye Qingyu had not figured out what kind of breed was silly dog Little Nine.

Although that good-for-nothing thing was clearly a dog, but he still possessed many unbelievable abilities——Of course, the most incredible thing was his amazing appetite. He could even instantly swallow a Dragon Ape. Therefore, Ye Qingyu was very curious about the real origin of this good-for-nothing dog.

Old Fish was a knowledgeable person of millions of years ago, his vision and experience was extraordinary, so he must have noticed something.

Ye Qingyu suddenly looked at him expectantly.

Old Fish nodded very surely and said, “Of course, I found something very important.”

“What is it?” Ye Qingyu anxiously asked.

Old Fish very definitely replied, “I found that this dog is not normal.”

“Where is he not normal?”

“You stupid, he swallowed God-level Origin liquid and chaotic thunder liquid, he should have died from electric shock, but now only his nose is a little crooked and his eyes crossed, is that an ordinary dog? You had only fused with a few drops of chaotic thunder liquid, and were electrocuted to the point that you were half dead...” Old Fish pointed to the dog, “Look at it, he has not suffered any injuries. His life force is surging, with abundant blood and qi, I can see that it wouldn’t be long before he fully recovers... Damn it, this dog wouldn’t have fused with the chaotic thunder liquid, right?”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

“So you haven’t figured out his origin and background?” Ye Qingyu fumed.

Old Fish nodded, “No, I’m just curious, this dog is very unusual. Hahaha, if the Thunder and Lightning Emperor knows that half a barrel of his chaotic thunder liquid was drank by a dog like drinking water, and that he remained unharmed, he would surely be shocked as well.”

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

He felt that he was nearly fooled to death by this fish and this dog.

Silly dog Little Nine was made to stand still until midnight as punishment.

“Have you realized your mistake?” Ye Qingyu asked.

“Woof woof, I know,” silly dog Little Nine agreeingly answered.

“Well, it’s good that you realized your mistake, through this punishment, is there anything that you reflected on?” Ye Qingyu continued questioning.

Silly dog Little Nine very honestly replied, “There is.”

“Tell me.”

“Luckily, when I first woke up, I ate something, or just how would I have the strength to stand still as punishment.”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

“Ahahahaha, ahahaha... you’re killing me.” Old Fish was listening in on the conversation in high spirits, and at this time he no longer could hold in his laughter. “The best dog, the best owner, ahahaha... I'm really dying from laughter.”

……

……

Late at night.

A furtive human shadow and a furtive dog’s shadow appeared on Greater One Peak.

As the main peak of Greater One Sect’s Eight Lotus Flower Peaks, and also the important place where the sect master resides, there were a variety of defensive measures on Greater One Peak, countless. In addition to experts keeping watch, there were many formations and a variety of alert facilities. It was clear that this was the most heavily guarded place of Greater One Sect, but this man and his dog, as though they had entered an unmanned territory, through the cover of the dim light of night, had actually avoided all sentry formations, strolled around Greater One Peak, and did a lot of things.

“I didn’t expect that after awakening, your skills in breaking through formations, stealth and thievery, would improve so much. Imitating a dog and stealing chickens is absolutely your natural talent [TN note: skilled at thievery].” Ye Qingyu gasped in admiration.

Before tonight, he had already made all sorts of preparations with Old Fish. Ye Qingyu was originally worried about how to set up these formation jade plates to a crucial location in advance. But now, with silly dog Little Nine, all problems seemed to be solved.

Little Nine’s ability had already begun to bloom when they were in Youyan Pass——Once, with Song Xiaojun, they wandered around the Pass Lord Lu Zhaoge’s residence like it was their own back garden.

“I am a dog, stealing chickens is understandable. After all, chicken meat is tender and its skin is crispy and very delicious, but why would I imitate a dog?” Silly dog Little Nine said, deadpan, “Master, your saying is not quite right.”

Ye Qingyu, “...”

“Don’t talk nonsense, hurry up and finish things up, then we can go to Lotus Flower Peak to find Xing'er.” Demon King Ye felt that after wakening, Little Nine’s talent in retorting had upgraded greatly.

“Huh? That girl is also at Clear River Domain too?” Silly dog Little Nine was astounded. “I had long thought that the flirting glances between you two are not normal, you two would not elope from Heaven Wasteland Domain, right? What happened during my long period of sleep? You two wouldn’t have...” Here, his voice began to sound a little regretful. “To tell the truth, Woof likes Song Xiaojun that overbearing and cold girl a little more, but since Master chose the more noble Crown Prince girl, then Woof can reluctantly accept it... But since two you have eloped, the Crown Prince girl won’t have any noble identity. Master, what exactly is your plan?”

Ye Qingyu, without a word, lifted the good-for-nothing dog by the scruff of his neck and covered his mouth.

If he hadn’t took a deep breath and controlled his emotions, Demon King Ye might have wrung the dog’s neck.

Having spent about half an hour to set up tricks all around the important locations of Greater One Peak, Ye Qingyu could finally breathe a sigh of relief.

Such an arrangement was equal to having a certain backup plan. Even if the Greater One Sect tried to kill him, he didn’t need to worry.

While there was still time, Ye Qingyu and silly dog Little Nine set off in the direction of Clear Lotus Peak.

Before the real Sword Storm meeting, Ye Qingyu must see Yu Xiaoxing first. At least to find out her current situation, and then explain some things to her, so that it would be much easier to cooperate and to prevent any unexpected things happening to Xiaoxing if a battle really started between him and Greater One Sect.

These past few days in Greater One Peak, Ye Qingyu had asked Old Fish to find out the approximate direction and route to Clear Lotus Peak. Under the dim light of night, one dog and one man smoothly passed through a heavy defense and came to the Clear Lotus Peak.

The lotus flower eight-petals peak were not far away from each other.

The shape of Clear Lotus Peak extremely resembled an unbloomed lotus, surrounded by waterfall, like a ribbon of jade cascading down from the vault of Heaven, extremely beautiful. In the night there were thousands of stars sparkling, and Clear Lotus Peak was covered with an aquatic plant called Fragrant Blue Lotus, which was a kind of spiritual plant, which was  inherently feminine. For the female disciples that cultivated aquatic cultivation techniques, it had a wondrous use of enhancing the magical power, as well as having the beautiful reputation of ‘Growing out of mud, the lotus blooms pure and untainted’, thus Clear Lotus Peak was also subsequently named.

Among the eight peaks of Greater One Sect, only Clear Lotus Peak was female disciples only.

As soon as Ye Qingyu and silly dog set foot on Clear Lotus Peak, they could already smell a beautiful aroma.

“Woof, master, are you sure we're looking for the Crown Prince girl instead of picking flowers? The time and place is a bit wrong.” The big-headed silly dog twitched his nose, somewhat excited.

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

He found it incredibly hard to speak the same language with the dog now.

The Clear Lotus Peak was too huge.

This lineage, plus the peak master Ji Qionghua, only had around 300 people. After all, in Greater One Sect, males dominated.

But Ye Qingyu and silly dog had wandered around once and had searched the places that they should search, yet still could not find any trace of Yu Xiaoxing.

“How could that be? Could it be that Xing’er had already left Greater One Sect?” Ye Qingyu sounded a bit anxious. “Or could it be, she had already met with an accident?”

Unwilling to accept it, he took the big headed silly dog around to search Clear Lotus Peak once more, yet still came to no success.

“The Crown Prince girl is certainly not here,” the big headed dog stated firmly. “If she was, my nose would have found her within 10 miles... Of course, if you do not mind, Woof can take you around the peak once more, hehe, the colourful clothes I found are quite pretty.”

Ye Qingyu said expressionless, “Aren’t those half-naked female disciples more pretty?”

Big headed silly dog suddenly very excitedly exclaimed, “Master you also think so? Woof thought that only Woof felt they’re pretty.”

“Get lost,” Ye Qingyu roared. “We came to find someone, not to be a pervert.”

He left Clear Lotus Peak with the silly dog.

If he stayed any longer, he would directly be confirmed as a perverted demon, without anybody else framing him,

Since Yu Xiaoxing was not on Clear Lotus Peak, then Ye Qingyu’s top priority was to find this girl. Also... some plans needed to be changed.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 515:


Chapter 535, Using powerful connections to intimidate people

The Enlightenment Tea Party was held in the Enlightenment Tea Garden of the Greater One Peak.

By the time Ye Qingyu, Nan Tieyi and others had arrived, the sun was hanging high in the sky and a gentle breeze was blowing. Having had their invitation checked, the five people were let in.

The Greater One Sect disciple that was guarding the tea garden gate studied silly dog Little Nine for a moment, then finally did not say anything in the end and let him in.

However, he did not know what sort of damage this momentary hesitation would bring to Greater One Sect’s Enlightenment Tea Garden.

As soon as they stepped through the door, Ye Qingyu could not help admiring out loud.

“Like a fairyland.”

The Greater one Sect, after all, was the ruling sect of Clear River Domain, and as a result the scenery within the tea garden was spectacular, and the spiritual energy was plentiful, which was far beyond the imagination of Ye Qingyu. A winding river was flowing around the pavilions and rock gardens, spiritual fish wandering in the clear spring water, and cranes were gently crying on the divine trees. In the distance, 500 meters away from the ground, there were several formations flickering in the void, forming into one gigantic formation, which fully enveloped the about fifty or sixty mu (a unit of area that equals to one fifteenth of a hectare) of Enlightened Tea Garden. Not only had this altered the energy of this place,and locked in the yuan essence of the air, but it also sealed off the essential qi of the Divine tree’s [Great Dao Sentient Flowers] to prevent it from escaping. More importantly, it provided a strong defence to stop people from sneaking into the tea garden and causing damage.

Once they entered the Enlightenment Tea Garden, Ye Qingyu and the others were allowed to freely look around.

There was still an hour before the tea party would be officially started.

Those that received an invitation were all crystal figures of the younger generation of major sects, which were considered influential figures in Clear River Domain that had established a huge reputation. There were not only humans, but also other young experts of the major races.

Ye Qingyu saw a few wolf headed demon clan experts not too far away, talking and laughing about something.

It is worth mentioning that not all Demon Race experts will have the inherent characteristics of their race. Once their strength reached a certain degree, it was possible for them to completely transform into human form. There were many demon clan experts that had chosen to take the form of humans. After all, in the Ancient Age, the most powerful two races - Gods and demons, were human form. So throughout the long history, human form was regarded as a kind of noble and perfect form, and many demons’ goal in life was to turn to human form.

Of course, there were exceptions.

Many Demon Races with strong pride, or perhaps some solitary Demon Race experts, will choose to maintain their own race form.

In a way, this was a sign of extreme self-confidence.

For example, the young experts of the spirit wolf clan that Ye Qingyu had just seen had deliberately retained some of the appearance of the Wolf clan.

“Senior sister, senior sister, quickly come see, this is the tea tree of the [Great Dao Sentient Flower]?”

“It must be, look, there are flower buds on the branches, it looks like it’s going to bloom soon.”

Over there came a clear and melodious conversation

Several beautiful girls in violet muslin fabric dresses were jumping up and down in front of a jade-green tree that was at least twenty meters tall, chattering like skylarks.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze also stopped on the green jade-like giant tree.

The tree looked thousands of years old, with an intertwined root network, the outer layer was mottled and seemed to have been through the great changes of the world. It was growing in the center of a crystal clear pond, and in the deep water of the pond were bright and fat spiritual fishes swimming about. The old branches were also intertwined, and on them were spiritual monkeys leaping from one branch to another. The leaves were not lush or flourishing, but each leaf was like a liquid, glistening under the sunlight. The dozens of branches at the treetop was covered with sparkling and translucent barks, but also on such branches were hundreds of fist-sized pale green flower buds that seemed like they would bloom at any second.

“So it's the junior sisters of Hundred Spirits Sect. Yes, this is our Greater One Sect’s [Great Dao Sentient Flower] tree, which only flowers once every fifty years. Today is precisely the day of flowering. In an hour, flowers will bloom and its aroma will fill the whole tea garden, like a fairyland.”

A familiar voice sounded.

It was the Greater One Sect disciple Xiao Yunlong.

He had a smiling expression as he approached the beautiful young girls.

“Senior brother, you are?” among the Hundred Spirits Sect’s female disciples, the tallest and most graceful figure said alertly to the man that was nearing them.

Xiao Yunlong lifted his hands in a very natural and charming manner, cupped one hand in the other and replied, “I am Greater One Sect’s Greater One Peak’s Xiao Yunlong, I pay respects to the junior sisters of Hundred Spirits Sect.”

“Oh, a distinguished disciple of Greater One Sect, it’s a pleasure to meet you.” The eldest senior sister felt slightly relieved, and bowed her head with a smile.

Among the female disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect, she was the oldest, around 25 years old and radiated a very graceful aura. Her skin was fair and she had a very friendly appearance.

And the other four were obviously younger junior sisters who had the same youthful and beautiful face. But one looked only 15 or 16 years old, dressed in a lavender long dress and had a beautiful sword hanging at her waist. Her body proportion was perfect, her facial features were delicate, and her skin was like white jade and seemed like it may break easily. She was exceptionally beautiful and tender even though she had not matured fully. Between her every frown and smile, there was a kind of captivating charm. She was a rare beauty, and the most eye-catching among them.

As Xiao Yunlong was speaking, his gaze was already sweeping up and down this female disciple’s body several times, unable to conceal his amazement.

“This little junior sister is...” he asked directly.

The eldest senior sister’s eyes flashed with a hint discontent. Xiao Yunlong’s actions were very impolite and his interest was obviously lustful, but because she was afraid of his status, she politely introduced the girl. “She is a direct lineage disciple that just joined. Junior sister Liu, come over to greet senior brother Xiao.”

“Hundred Spirits Sect’s Liu Ruxin pays respects to senior brother Xiao.” The beautiful female disciple was a bit shy, like a startled skylark, hiding slightly behind the eldest senior sister as she was bowing.

As soon as Xiao Yunlong heard this voice that resembled the sounds of nature, he suddenly felt all his bones going soft, his heart fluttering, as he was stepping forward, saying, “junior sister Liu really is remarkably stunning. It’s our first meeting, I have nothing with me to give to you, this jade pendant is something that I wear all the time. Please take this as a gift, junior sister Liu must accept it.”

With that, allowing no refusal, he directly handed over a jade pendant of a pair of mandarin ducks.

“This...” Liu Ruxin, not expecting to have such a thing happening, hesitated for a moment then quickly drew back.

Who insists on giving a present to a woman on their first meeting?

But also an ambiguous jade carved with a pair of mandarin ducks?

Such a frivolous move was basically flirting in disguise. Once Liu Ruxin accepted this piece of jade, the whole situation will change, all kinds of rumours would certainly spread out everywhere and someone would say that they have secretly gotten engaged.

Within the depths of eldest senior sister’s eyes, anger flashed across, but she was after all more experienced than the younger junior sisters, so she calmly stepped forward, keeping the little junior sister behind her, and said with a smile, “Senior brother Xiao need not be so polite, we are from a small sect, we just came to this tea party to see. How could we dare accept senior brother Xiao’s valuable gift, please take it back quickly.”

The expression on Xiao Yunlong's face abruptly changed, then almost immediately he gave a slight smile and did not take back the jade, “I heard that Hundred Spirits Sect had been attacked by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, and had suffered a heavy loss. Many female disciples have gone missing, your visit to Greater One Sect this time is to seek help. Haha, since it is to seek help, then we should be more closer, learn more about each other. This would help Greater One Sect to understand the situation and consider whether to send out battle reinforcements.”

The eldest senior sister’s complexion suddenly changed.

In the Clear River Domain, the Hundred Spirits Sect was not considered a first-class sect, and adding to this it was a rare female only sect and its battle power was not the best. But because the sect disciples possessed extremely good medical skills and medical expertise, this was the main skill that was passed down to disciples. Many divine doctors had emerged in these thousands of years, who had treated several important figures of the major sects. So Hundred Spirits Sect was not only protected by many important sects of Clear River Domain, but also had the respect of many martial artists. Therefore the status of Hundred Spirits Sect was a little special.

Unfortunately, ever since 300 years ago, the sudden death of the last divine doctor of Hundred Spirits Sect had led to the lose of some important medical skill books and secret techniques, which resulted in the level of medical skills of the Hundred Spirits Sect to decline drastically.

This also directly put the special status of Hundred Spirits Sect in the whole Clear River Domain in jeopardy.

Half a year ago, the Heaven Desire Demon Sect invaded the Hundred Spirits Sect and caused a large number of casualties.

In this half a year, the Hundred Spirits Sect had suffered disastrous losses and some former allies had changed drastically from their normal behaviour. Only a few had lent a hand, but it was not enough to change the situation.

The Hundred Spirits Sect did not initially receive an invitation to Greater One Sect’s Sword Storm meeting. But later they used a Greater One divine plate to exchange for a place, and were reluctantly allowed onto Greater One Peak. And that Greater One divine plate was given to the Hundred Spirits Sect 600 years ago when a divine doctor of Hundred Spirits Sect saved a supreme elder of Greater One Sect.

This time the sect master of Hundred Spirits Sect, Liu Yexing, personally came to Greater One Sect with several disciples to ask for help. Hearing that all the young elites of major sects would attend the Enlightenment Tea Party, Liu Yexing hoped that her disciples could get to know some successors of the influential sects, which would perhaps be of a little help in solving the crisis of Hundred Spirits Sect.

This could be considered as a desperate remedy to save a hopeless situation.

And as the oldest disciple of Liu Yexing, eldest senior sister naturally understood her Master’s mind.

Although the Greater One Sect disciples like Xiao Yunlong were very beneficial to make friends with, but for some reason, seeing Xiao Yunlong’s pompous smile, eldest senior sister felt it was as disgusting as swallowing a dead mouse.

Instinct told her that, this Greater One Sect disciple was definitely not a good person.

However, for their sect...

The eldest senior sister couldn’t help feeling sorrowful.

The female disciples of Hundred Spirit Sect, which one of them was not a proud and dignified natural beauty, but for their sect they had to smile obsequiously and use their feminine charms?

“Ruxin, since senior brother Xiao has such good intentions, then...” Eldest senior sister had a sorrowful look on her face as she had decided to make a compromise, but when she turned to see the timid and puzzled expression on the little junior sister’s face, she could not continue.

Xiao Yunlong complexion remained unchanged, smiling lightly, “It seems that junior sisters are looking down on our Greater One Sect.”

With this sentence, eldest senior sister’s complexion suddenly changed once again.

She knew that if she did not say yes today, then something bad would most likely happen.

The thought of her master fretting over extra worries caused her to force a smile and was about to say something.

But at this moment-----

“Damn worthless dog thing dares to use powerful connections to intimidate people here, use the power of Greater One Sect to frighten people here, what a joke,” a mocking voice came from the side.

Then it was followed by an angry bark of a dog, “Woof, thief, you can curse, but why do you have to mention the word dog? Woof won’t allow this.”

“Ah ah? Don’t bite, let go, I... I... ” the exasperated voice of Hu Bugui sounded. “Brother Ye Ye Ye, quickly tell your dog to let go, ouch ouch...”

The crowd stared speechlessly at them.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 516:


Chapter 536, I’m not targeting him

This unexpected change had drawn over a lot of people’s attention. All eyes were looking over in the direction of the ancient tree.

Little Nine was biting the heel of Hu Bugui, his throat producing a threatening low roar while the greatest thief of Clear River Domain, whose fame spreads far and wide, was very embarrassingly hopping up and down, struggling to fling the dog away.

And that sentence that rebuked Xiao Yunlong obviously came from the mouth of Great Thief Hu Bugui.

Xiao Yunlong’s skin immediately flushed with embarrassment.

Because only he knew that the reason he was qualified to enter this Enlightened Tea Garden was not because he had received recognition for his strength and aptitude, but because he was given the role of greeting visitors and showing them around. However, he had always been arrogant. Thinking that he was in the territory of his own sect and seeing that the several female disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect were naive and easy to bully, especially the stunningly beautiful Liu Ruxin, he came over to show his presence and conveniently get to know them.

Hu Bugui’s remark, like drawing blood with one prick, poked right into the heart of Xiao Yunlong.

But at this moment, he recognized Hu Bugui. Facing the greatest thief of the domain, he indeed was a little afraid, and dared not give a retort.

However, when Xiao Yunlong’s eyes fell on Ye Qingyu who was laughing loudly at him, he flew into a rage out of humiliation and erupted, “Who are you? Which sect are you from? How dare you infiltrate the Enlightenment Tea Party?”

Xiao Yunlong thought he had found a push over.

Because he vaguely remembered that, when he personally went to the odd job worker disciple area a few days ago to invite the Immortal God Emperor Sect’s descendant Nan Tieyi, he had seen this thick browed and big eyed youngster. He also knew of the reason that he was allowed up Greater One Peak. Without Nan Tieyi this young emperor of the past, a trash fish like Ye Qingyu would never be allowed to enter Greater One Peak, or even into the Enlightened Tea Garden.

Xiao Yunlong also guessed that this time, Ye Qingyu also relied on Nan Tieyi to get in.

A trash fish like him, Xiao Yunlong thought he could absolutely provoke.

Following this one sentence, suddenly all eyes shifted to Ye Qingyu.

The noise over at this side had aroused the attention of many people within Enlightenment Tea Garden.

In the distance, the young disciple of the Nangong family had already appeared, and the flame-mark young man and his gang were also looking over at this direction from afar, laughing and pointing.

Ye Qingyu’s laughter stopped abruptly.

This Xiao Yunlong really is a cowardly idiot. He did not dare scold Hu Bugui, and instead directed all his rage onto me?

Under the watchful gaze of countless eyes, Ye Qingyu smiled and said, “Which sect I am in is none of your business, move aside, do not hinder my view of admiring the flowers and understanding the Dao.”

As soon as Xiao Yunlong heard these words, he was stumped, an expression of disbelief crossing his face.

“You... little trash, how dare you talk to me like that? Trash you want to die?” His face flushed like a pig's liver, so gloomy that they were almost leaking out water. In front of so many people, he was ridiculed by a trash fish that was only worthy of being in the odd job worker disciple area. The fury within Xiao Yunlong’s heart had almost drowned his last trace of reasoning ability.

He still had not recognized that the thick browed and big eyed youngster was the former Ye Qingyu.

And Ye Qingyu was clearly aware of this.

Before, he was a little bit worried that Xiao Yunlong may see through his identity. After all, when that trash chased after him that day he had summoned the [Greater One Dispersing Light Sword] and very soon after found his whereabouts, so Ye Qingyu thought that he had mastered some sort of secret technique, but now it seems that... Ye Qingyu might have been too paranoid. What happened that day was probably just a coincidence.

“As the host, you insulted the guests like this. The Greater One Sect disciples really have an extraordinary style. You’re not even worthy of being trash.” Ye Qingyu sneered coldly, showing no weakness and not at all taking Xiao Yunlong’s words to heart.

The purpose of ascending Greater One Peak this time was to create a disturbance. Now that everything was in place, he was not at all afraid of causing conflict.

But the female disciples of Hundred Spirits Sect did not know about this.

Seeing that a dispute had been caused because of them, the eldest senior sister and junior sisters all felt a little uneasy.

“Gongzi, please calm down, it’s a small matter, do not spoil your relationship, quickly please leave.” Eldest senior sister hurriedly came over to persuade Ye Qingyu.

For some reason, compared with the overbearing and arrogant Xiao Yunlong, she felt that Ye Qingyu was much easier to speak to. Additionally, Ye Qingyu’s clothing and jewellery were very ordinary and not at all like a successor of a super powerful sect. Rather, he was dressed like a servant. Perhaps it was owing to his not very high status, when she was speaking to him she was furtively winking, motioning Ye Qingyu to not get into a conflict with a Greater One Sect disciple, to avoid being at a disadvantage.

This eldest senior sister was also kind-hearted.

“Hahaha, Gongzi? What kind of Gongzi is he? You may not know that this little trash is a trash fish that should belong at the foot of the mountain. If it was not because of Immortal God Emperor Sect’s young emperor, he would not even be allowed onto the Greater One Peak, yet he dares act impudently and deliberately disrupted the Enlightenment Tea Party. Don’t you think of leaving here today,” Xiao Yunlong said with a mocking laugh.

He thought that he had uncovered Ye Qingyu’s background.

The moment the other people heard Xiao Yunlong’s words, they had lost interest straight away.

Many people had thought that the fact that this thick browed and big eyed youngster dared to act so arrogantly and dared to face up to a Greater One Sect disciple was because he was a successor of some super famous sect, which would have been an exciting fight for them to watch, but he was actually from such an unremarkable background. It seemed that this young man’s arrogance was nothing but an ignorant and stupid behaviour.

Many of the gazes that were casted on Ye Qingyu had already contained an undisguised sympathy.

But as soon as Old Fish heard Xiao Yunlong’s remarks, he could not help getting involved. “Small trash fish? What bullshit, he is the successor of the best sect, the Thunder and Lightning Sect, in the great wide world. He has a superior status and a noble identity, you little thing is the trash fish of Greater One Sect, what rights do you have to speak to my disciple...”

Thunder and Lightning Sect?

What kind of sect was that?

He had never heard of it.

How could there be such a sect in this universe, within the alliance of domains?

There were more and more onlookers gathering around, their eyes sweeping back and forth between cross-eyed Old Fish and thick browed, big eyed Ye Qingyu, beginning to suspect the fact that this youngster really had an impressive background?

The situation suddenly became interesting.

At this moment, the other Greater One Sect disciples in Enlightenment Tea Garden also received the news and came darting over.

In order to ensure that the Enlightened Tea Party would smoothly progress, the Greater One Sect, as the host, had of course selected a lot of young elite disciples of the sect to attend the tea party. This was firstly to maintain order, and secondly to show the power of the younger generation in the sect, so within moments numerous Greater One Sect young disciples had already gathered around Xiao Yunlong.

As well as two middle-aged men clad in the silver elder battle robe of Greater One Sect.

These were two Elders with real power in the inner sect.

“What’s going on?” An elder in silver robe slowly walked over, casting a stern glance over Ye Qingyu and the others, then his eyes fell on Xiao Yunlong as he asked in a deep voice.

“Reporting to Elder Xie, this kid’s status is lowly, he is sneaking around with bad intentions. He for some reason had infiltrated the tea garden and is deliberately being disruptive, I tried to persuade him, but not only did he not listen, he arrogantly insulted disciple as a trash.” Xiao Yunlong, in front of these two powerful elders, was no longer arrogant and wilful, and respectfully answered.

But his words were obviously to shirk responsibility and to plant the blame on Ye Qingyu.

“That's not it, Elder Xie, this Gongzi made an unintentional mistake...” Eldest senior sister knew that things were going to be bad.

In her opinion, Ye Qingyu, who got involved because of them, was considered a pitiful person. And although he was reckless and stupid, this was not a crime that should be punished with death. If he really was accused of deliberately being disruptive and insulting Greater One Sect disciples, then given the way that Greater One Sect usually handles matters these years, he most likely would be killed tragically.

The eldest senior sister attempted to explain.

But Elder Xie did not give her any opportunity to explain.

Without even glancing once at the eldest senior sister, Elder Xie casually waved his hand dismissively.

The eldest senior sister’s words stopped short.

She felt a heavy pressure and majesty from this Elder Xie, who evidently did not want her to continue.

She was afraid to speak.

Her status was not enough for her to speak in front of a person like Elder Xie.

For the several thousand sisters of Hundred Spirits Sect, she knew that, at this time, the best choice was to shut up.

As for the youngster...

Sigh.

Eldest senior sister looked over at Ye Qingyu with a guilty look on her face.

And the others, at this time, also could tell that the truth was not important, everything was determined by status.

Since the young man was only a small trash fish, then the punishment of this youngster would not only solve the small confusion, but also highlight the majesty of Greater One Sect. This was clearly the best choice.

What kind of person should do what kind of thing and say what kind of words, this was the way to survive in this chaotic world.

This youngster was from a lowly background, yet he dared publicly insult a Greater One Sect disciple under the eyes of many. This was basically looking for trouble, he can’t blame other people.

As expected----

“You said he is a trash?” “

Elder Xie looked at Ye Qingyu, his eyes were like knives and his voice contained an unbearable majesty.

Xiao Yunlong smiled proudly on one side, and then cast a slightly provocative and threatening side glance at the girls of Hundred Spirits Sect.

The young girls’ expression of choking back their anger instead of speaking out was very enjoyable to him.

At this moment, all eyes were fixed on Ye Qingyu.

But the scene of the youngster shivering with fright did not appear.

“No, I didn’t say he is a trash,” Ye Qingyu righteously denied flatly.

“You... How dare you deny it?” Xiao Yunlong fumed, “You just said it, little trash, weren’t you very arrogant before? You’re afraid of admitting now.”

Elder Xie eyed Ye Qingyu with a sword-like glare.

He was beginning to lose his patience. He had wasted so much time on such a small matter and on a little trash fish that somehow got into the garden. This matter had exceeded his tolerance limit. Wouldn’t this matter make the other major sects and forces laugh at them?

But just as Elder Xie was about to make a decision without knowing who was right or wrong---

Ye Qingyu said some more earth-shattering words.

“I really didn’t mean he is a trash,” Ye Qingyu explained with an unprecedented sincerity and seriousness, like he was defending himself. “That was not what I meant, he just misunderstood... I meant to say that...”

Ye Qingyu took a little pause here, before he continued with every single word loud and clear, “I am not targeting him only, I also did not say that only he is a trash... forgive me for being honest, most of your Greater One Sect disciples are trash.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

