Chapter 61:


Chapter 61 – [Little Shang sword]

The power groups within Deer City, apart from the army of the Snow Country, there were also the noble organization, White Deer Academy and also several large commerce companies. Societies were also a significant power within these groups.

The Two River Group was one of the many societies.

Within the northern district, the power of the Two River Group was enough to rank in the top ten. The leader of this society’s name was Lang Zhong, and it was said that he was an expert in the Spirit spring stage since a long time ago. He had many experts under his command, with high influence especially in the areas around [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant]. This location was under the control of the Two River Group.

“Excuse me, are you Ye Qingyu, young master Ye?”

One of the men in violet seeing Ye Qingyu come out, clasped his hands together and said politely.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

“Greetings young master Ye.” The violet man bowed again, then beckoned to the people beside him.

His four companions brought a mahogany box around one meter and sixty centimeters long and fifty centimeters wide towards Ye Qingu. Seeing them slowly walking with careful steps, the weight of this box was definitely not light. Evidently, the four men each possessing above average strength still felt a strain lifting it and this was reflected in their heavy footsteps.

The leading violet-clothed man pointed at the wooden box, saying humbly, “Young master Ye, this is the present our society leader Lang has given you, please accept it.”

“Lang Zhong has given me a present?”

Ye Qingyu frowned.

Many thoughts and guesses passed through his mind in an instant.

It is said that destiny will make enemies meet. This leader of the Two River Group, was one of the people that Ye Qingyu had prepared to face.

Because the person who had taken away the only Spirit weapon of the Ye family, was namely Lang Zhong.

This person was different from Luo Jin and the others. Not only did he have strong influence, he himself was already a person who had long entered the Spirit Spring stage. Ye Qingyu, through many fortuitous events had also broken through to the Spirit spring stage, but he was only someone with one Spirit spring. There was no guarantee he was the opponent of Lang Zhong.

Therefore, after this, Ye Qingyu had indeed acted against Luo Jin and the others but he did not go out of his way to look for Lang Zhong of the Two River Group.

Who would have that the Lang Zhong would have such a good information network, finding Ye Qingyu’s location so quickly and even instructing people to give him a gift.

It seems this Lang Zhong already knew what had happened, including the incidents that had occurred in the Ye family and here.

This leader of the Two River Group, seemed to be a bit more difficult to deal with than what Ye Qingyu had imagined.

But this Lang Zhong had sent him a present, what intention did he have?

Ye Qingyu hesitated for a moment, then lifted his hand, inner yuan activating.

The four violet-clothed men only felt the heaviness in their arms disappearing, and when they looked again, they only saw the scarlet red box was grabbed through the air by Ye Qingyu. Only using one hand, he firmly lifted up the box.

The violet-clothed men stared at each other, everyone able to see each other’s astonishment.

They were the elite of their society yet when the four people lifted this wooden box, they still felt it was heavy. Who would have thought that this youth would be able to carry it so easily. His strength was far above theirs.

Opposite them.

Ye Qingyu felt that this scarlet red wooden box was extremely weighty, definitely not under five thousand pounds. He could not guess what was contained within. His right hand held the lid, lightly unboxing it.

A cold light appeared, an icy and chilling air released from the box.

This breathtaking sight was as if a moon had suddenly appearing in the dark skies.

Ye Qingyu looked inside and could not help but be dumbfounded.

Within the huge wooden box was a gigantic sword, thirteen inches wide and five feet long. The blade of the sword was as pure as a pool of limpid autumn waters, clear and flawless. The sword did not have any ridges nor any markings. A radiance stirred, as if it was moving quicksilver, the hilt about the thickness of a duck’s egg. On the handles, veins and patterns were carved, and it was an azure blue splitting into three layers each intricately linked, spitting out the blade of the sword.

The style of this sword was simple and unadorned but held a gorgeous beauty. One glance of it was enough to cause someone to have affection for this weapon.

“This is… the [Little Shang sword]!”

Ye Qingyu nearly cried out in shock.

This sword, was namely the [Little Shang sword] that had once belonged to the Ye family, which was taken away by the Two River Group. When Ye Qingyu was small, he had seen his father wielding this sword. This was deeply etched onto his memory so he could not possibly be mistaken.

Today, Lang Zhong had return this Spirit weapon in such a light and easy fashion?

This was something Ye Qingyu had never thought would happen.

After thinking for a moment, he once again covered the wooden box. One hand holding the box, one hand holding Little Grass, he did not say anything in response to the gift. Passing by the violet-clothed men, step by step he disappeared in a street far off…

At the same time.

Approximately three hundred meters away from [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant].

On the road, the white-haired old doctor, Li Shizen took care of his horse and rolled up his coarse sign made of cloth. Slowly rising, he and his granddaughter took away their medicinal boxes, the pair walking away…

A young person wearing rich violet clothing respectfully watched the two leave.

…… ……

One hour later.

Ye Qingyu returned to the Ye mansion.

The signboard in the entrance had already been changed, with the large words ‘Ye mansion’ shining under the light, emanating a special vitality.

Qin Lan had stood there at the entrance looking out since they left.

Only after seeing Ye Qingyu and Little Grass returning unharmed could she let out a breath of relief. She hurriedly ordered the servants to see to their return.

Ye Qingyu did not linger in the main hall for too long. Speaking a few words, he impatiently returned to his room, wanting to carefully examine the Spirit weapon, [Little Shang sword].

He had entered into the Spirit spring stage for a considerable amount of time but he still did not possess a Spirit weapon that belonged to him. When facing ordinary martial artists, this was not a big issue but when facing experts that had Spirit weapons, he would be placed in an absolute disadvantage.

Even though after entering second year, he would begin to learn more skills such as rune formations, casting tools, collecting herbs, distinguishing ores, polishing and grinding. But to create a Spirit weapon, not only was a skilled and practiced technique needed, it also required a high amount of resources. The amount of Spirit ore that was needed, this was not something that Ye Qingyu could support in such a short time frame.

Therefore, in this type of situation, the [Little Shang sword] came at the perfect time.

[Little Shang sword] was something his father had inadvertently picked up. Although it was not famous, nor was it a weapon that could enter the rankings, but it was truly a real Spirit weapon. At least in the foreseeable future, it could satisfy Ye Qingyu’s short term needs.

After refining the [Little Shang sword], Ye Qingyu’s power would rise to another level.

……

“You said young master Ye went to [Heavenly Fragrance Restaurant] today?” Qin Lan asked, incomparably astonished.

She was in the main hall, conversing with her daughter. Only through a spur of the moment did she inquire about what had happened today. Little Grass vividly repeated all that she saw to her mother.

Qin Lan was completely stunned.

Luo Jin, Wang Youde, Nie Yin and the others were the people who had carved up the Ye family. These were the people that Qin Lan had hated the most but she did not have any power to retaliate against. Ever since Ye Qingyu had appeared again and retook the Ye family, Qin Lan had always worried that if these people find out the things that had happened here, another incident would occur.

Qin Lan worried that Ye Qingyu lacked experience, and had the brashness of a youth, and would do something impulsive. This would cause Luo Jin and the others, these old foxes that ate people without spitting out bones, to fall into their traps that they had created. Young master Ye would not be able to hurt the tiger but rather be injured by it.

She had originally planned to find a time today, to persuade Ye Qingyu, to take his time in making a decision.

Who would have thought…

In Qin Lan’s eyes, the most terrifying opponents were casually dealt with by master Ye.

“It looks like I’m really getting old…” Qin Lan was both overjoyed and deeply moved. The growth of Ye Qingyu had greatly exceeded her imagination. This also made this loyal woman realize that she and young master Ye were no longer people of the same world.

Very quickly, Tang San came back along with a large variety of contracts and seals.

“Haha its all resolved, I have done something to be proud of…” Tang San was incomparably excited, after greeting Qin Lan, he asked again, “Where is young master Ye?”

“Brother Ye has confined himself in isolation. He said that the matters of the family, brother Tang San you can just discuss it with mother and make a decision,” Little Grass said crisply.

She had swapped into silk garments fitting for a young lady, making Little Grass even prettier, as if a little jade doll. It was only that she had been malnourished for a significant period of time, causing her to be too thin and skinny.

Tang San and Qin Lan then quickly discussed the matters regarding the retaken property.

For the Ye family to grow prosperous again, there were too many things to take care of. Both of them had the same determination, to construct a stable family for young master Ye, so he could do whatever he wanted without any worries.

The things that had happened made the two people realize that Ye Qingyu was a crouching dragon[JR1] [AT2] . Today, he was still slumbering but sooner or later, he would soar in the sky, ascending throughout the clouds and leaving them behind. The Ye family could not always rely on him.

……

Ye mansion.

[Determination garden].

Ye Qingyu stood with his legs apart within the courtyard.

There was an invisible air flow surrounding his entire body, the inner yuan of his body being activated to its fullest. Strong qi rushed throughout his four limbs, and the three meter space around him was as if air had solidified. Vortexes of air appeared around him…

The [Little Shang sword] floated above his head and spun around in a high rotational speed not discernible by the human eye. On the handle of the sword there was a pale silver rune inscripted upon it that emitted an azure blue radiance, as if it was alive, slowly wriggling.

This line emitting a blue glow, was namely the rune formation.

A Spirit weapon, was a weapon made from many different and rare materials. But the most important thing was, inside the weapon and on the surface of the weapon, there would be inscriptions that could or could not be seen, personally made by rune masters.

These rune formations, through the activation of the martial artist’s inner yuan, could give birth to a strange kind of energy. It allowed the martial artist’s offensive or defensive power to greatly increase and some special Spirit weapons, through the coordination of the martial artist, were able to display formidable power similar to high class yuan techniques.

In general, martial artists possessing Spirit weapons could easily withstand and kill three or four martial artists who did not possess Spirit weapons.

On the previous battle, if Qin Wushuang had refined and submerged the [Great Zhou sword] and made the sword truly his, turning the [Great Zhou sword] into his life Spirit weapon then Ye Qingyu would not have a chance.

It was a pity that the Qin Wushuang then had not entered the Spirit spring stage for long so his foundation was still unstable. He did not have complete control of the [Great Zhou sword] and could not fully utilize the full power of that Spirit weapon, and in the end was defeated by Ye Qingyu’s herculean strength.

“So this is why Spirit weapons are so fantastic and astonishing…”

Ye Qingyu activated his inner yuan all around him, streams and streams of yuan qi like stands of light, travelling throughout his entire body. Finally, it transformed and appeared on his arms, as it was tiny bolts of minute lightning, spreading throughout his entire body. It was like a lightning shackle, wrapping around the [Little Shang sword].

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 62:


Chapter 62 – The First Spirit weapon

To refine a Spirit weapon, the first step was to insert your inner yuan into the body of the weapon, to understand the rune formations within.

For Ye Qingyu, this process possessed a slight risk.

After all, Ye Qingyu had not been to any of the classes in the sophomore year and did not attend any lessons regarding runes and formations. He was only a layman, but through immersing himself in the library every day and also going to the libraries of those of higher years, he understood the basics and theory behind these formations. He had some partial knowledge so he therefore decided to give it a try.

The [Little Shang sword] vibrated, the blue lines on the sword handle becoming more and more evident, slowly spreading towards the area of the blade.

“The areas where the lines have already been activated and grown represents that the runes and formations in that area have already been successfully immersed by inner yuan, and the formation within can be activated…”

Ye Qingyu made his decision.

His mind was clear and blank. Within his dantian world, the water of his Spirit spring rose dramatically and soared in the sky. It transformed into a great mist that entered into the four limbs and the hundreds of bones of Ye Qingyu, finally entering the [Little Shang sword] continuously.

From the doubt and hesitation he had at the start, at this time, Ye Qingyu finally began to understand how to refine this Spirit weapon. The somewhat incomplete theory that he had read in books regarding runes and formation, through this process, gradually became clear and distinct.

The process of instilling his inner yuan into the [Little Shang sword] became smoother and smoother.

If there was someone beside him observing, they would discover that the blue strands of light appearing on the [Little Shang sword] were as if they were vines that were crazily growing, heading ever upwards and completely surrounding the [Little Shang sword].

At this instant Ye Qingyu could sense that this [Little Shang sword] was like a life form that had slept for who knows how long in the endless darkness, and was being awakened bit by bit.

These strands of blue light continued to grow throughout the sword, as if they were veins and arteries, beginning to function.

“This feeling, is really too mysterious, it’s like… it’s like the [Little Shang sword] is blending into my blood, combining into one entity.”

Ye Qingyu could not help but mutter to himself.

Two hours had already passed. The entire body of the [Little Shang sword], was finally entirely enveloped by the blue strands of light. This was a sign that the rune formation within the sword had been completely activated.

When this sword gets completely infused with Ye Qingyu’s inner yuan, then it would have been refined by him.

Ye Qingyu was able to sense the power of this Spirit weapon.

A type of information that was hard to describe using any language appeared in Ye Qingyu’s mind. The power of this sword and the limits of yuan qi it could withstand became clear.

Ye Qingyu picked the sword up.

The [Little Shang sword] floating above his head was firmly in his grasp.

The Spirit weapon in his hand, compared to when he had not refined it, had an entirely different sensation. Before refining it, it was extremely weighty being at least several thousand pounds and icy cold, with a rough texture. And now it was as if it was a part of his arm, he could not sense the weight at all, and it was warm as if touching a lover’s skin…

Ye Qingyu swung the sword out.

Without activating his inner yuan, a wave of air was cut through by him.

Inner yuan was agilely moving within the sword blade, and with a slight activation, the three feet of the cold sword blade would emit an icy and dense aura, causing people to feel terrified.

Through a will of Ye Qingyu’s heart, accompanied with a flash of blue light, the [Little Shang sword] disappeared in his hand.

He used inner vision.

Within the dantian world, in the location of the surging Spirit spring, it had already turned into a small lake. The eye of the Spirit spring was namely in the center of the lake and within the eye of the spring, the [Little Shang sword] has sunk in completely, entirely being submerged.

After refining the Spirit weapon, it could unite with the holder, entering the wielder’s body and become submerged into their Spirit spring, nourishing within. If nurtured properly, the level of the Spirit weapon could perhaps be raised.

The [Little Shang sword] could be counted as a low class Spirit weapon. If Ye Qingyu was able to find some suitable rare ores and materials, refining and improving it through special techniques, then there was the possibility of it becoming a middle class Spirit weapon.

The higher the classification of the Spirit weapon, the more inner yuan could be instilled within and hence have a greater power.

“[Little Shang sword], is the first Spirit weapon that I possess in my life.”

Ye Qingyu sighed with regret.

This was the last object that his father left him.

He continuously practice summoning the Spirit weapon. With a will, the [Little Shang sword] appeared in his hands, abruptly disappearing and reappearing, floating beside his head. It flew and soared according to Ye Qingyu’s will.

Very quickly Ye Qingyu came to the conclusion that with his current inner yuan, he could only control the [Little Shang sword] to attack and defend within ten meters of him. After ten meters, the power would greatly diminish and it would not be enough to hurt martial artists of the Spirit spring stage.

This result was already quite to his satisfaction.

After all, he still had not completely merged with the [Little Shang sword], and his inner yuan had not yet completely submerged into the blade of the [Little Shang sword].

“It has already been three months since the successful excavation of the first Spirit spring. The Spirit spring has already overflowed turning into a small lake. According to the scrolls, I have already reached the stage of basic mastery and can attempt to excavate the second Spirit spring within my dantian!”

Storing away the [Little Shang sword], Ye Qingyu considered in the light of the setting sun.

In general, after the martial artist had excavated the first Spirit spring in their dantian world, if the water overflowed and became a small lake, then they could attempt to excavate the second Spirit spring. According to the theory of the yuan qi martial way, after excavating over ten Spirit springs, you could attempt to break through into the Bitter sea stage.

Ten Spirit springs was the lowest requirement for martial artists of the Spirit spring stage to break into the Bitter sea stage.

Of course, some genius martial artists would not be satisfied with a mere ten Spirit springs. Rather, they would prepare slowly and diligently for future success, not being impatient about raising their overall grand level. They would excavate until twenty, thirty, or even more Spirit springs, reaching their limits then attempt to break into the Bitter sea stage.

Doing it this way, after entering the Bitter sea stage, their strength would increase explosively and a normal Bitter sea expert would not be their opponent.

From some perspective, the number of Spirit springs within the Bitter sea, represented the potential of a martial artist.

Of course, the number of Spirit springs was not something that you could increase as you please. Everyone’s body had a set upper limit. If your natural endowment was inadequate, then forcefully excavating past this upper limit would have devastating results. The least serious consequence would enter into the state of demonic fire, and the most serious consequence would be that their fleshly body would transform and collapse into dust, disappearing within the world.

Ye Qingyu had read some anecdotes within the library about this.

According to legend, in the ancient age, there was a peerless genius of the human race that had managed to excavate over ninety-nine Spirit springs, remaining in the Spirit spring stage for over a hundred years. Once he broke through and entered the Bitter Sea stage, in an instant, he was invincible when facing opponents of the same stage.

Afterwards, this peerless genius rose and rose in the face of adversity, becoming the pillar that supported the entire human race. Resisting thousands and thousands of alien races, protecting a domain for the entire human race, he left behind countless legends.

There were also people of legendary strength within the human race, such as existences like the Three Sovereigns, Five Emperors and the Eight Supreme Existences, that had also prepared long and diligently in the Spirit spring stage. After many fortuitous encounters, they all had excavated over ninety Spirit springs, and in the end became an ultimate expert.

So it could be said that the cultivation and choice that occurred in the Spirit spring stage, was enough to affect the future success of a martial artist and determine what heights they were able to reach in the future.

Ye Qingyu was now in the Spirit spring stage, so he must be particularly mindful of what he decided.

……

The third day.

The Ye mansion after the humongous transformation, finally settled down from their chaotic and disordered state. Qin Lan and Tang San performed exceptionally in this regard; one managed inside affairs and another managed outside affairs. Through the efforts of these two, it allowed the Ye family to function successfully.

Li Jinji[JR1] , [Miaoyu Temple], [Yin Taoxuan Pavilion], and the other properties had already been completely transferred and returned. Tang San was so busy that he became dizzy and woozy, but thankfully there were no errors that occurred.

After finishing breakfast, Tang San and Qin Lan both respectively prepared tens of scrolls for Ye Qingyu’s inspection.

“The accounts of this mansion all these years are all here for the inspection of the young master.”

“The five properties outside have already largely been investigated clearly. This is the accounts of it all these years, and also the financial resources and functions are also within!”

The two stood by the side.

One glance was enough to make Ye Qingyu feel nauseous.

Regarding these matters, he did not have the slightest interest.

“Eh… These types of things, you should just handle by yourself. There is no need to ask me.” Ye Qingyu set the accounts by one side and shook his head with a bitter smile. “Besides, even if I personally looked it over, I would not understand anything!”

Tang San was taken aback, then let out a rueful laugh.

Qin Lan hesitated slightly. “But…”

Ye Qingyu waved his hands saying, “It’s all good. My break is about to end, the matters regarding the family will need to be relied upon by you.” Saying this, from the interdimensional pouch, he took out a jade scroll. “This is the jade scroll of the White Deer Academy that are used to pass messages. If you encounter any incidents that you cannot solve, then bring this jade scroll to the academy. There will be someone who will pass on your message.”

The jade scroll was given to Qin Lan.

Pausing, Ye Qingyu spoke again, “Little Grass is coming of age. If she has the intention to enter the White Deer Academy, in the upcoming examination next year, she can go and attempt it…” His gaze landed on Tang San. “Your age has already passed the limit and you cannot enter the White Deer Academy. If you really want to pursue martial arts and if you have time, go to the [Taoxuan Pavilion] and learn from some of the teachers there to train. Possessing some martial arts is beneficial no matter what happens.”

Tang San nodded his head enthusiastically.

…… ……

By noontime, Ye Qingyu had already returned to White Deer Academy.

Returning to the dormitory to pack away his stuff, someone came to inform him of the location of his new dormitory and his room number. And they also passed on an assortment of things he needed to do to report in.

It was as the head of administration had said, everything had already been settled.

Jumping to the second year class, Ye Qingyu would have to leave the students of the first year and no longer be living in the same area. He should say farewell but after some consideration, he did not have any friends in first year apart from the little loli, Song Xiaojun.

Ye Qingyu wanted to find her and say goodbye.

But as this idea came to be, he hesitated.

Because he suddenly realized that in this long period of time, it was the little loli who had always taken the initiative to find him. He had never gone in search for her so until now he still did not know the little loli’s room number nor which dormitory she was in…

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 63:


Chapter 63 – Going in Search of the Little Loli

“A friend such as me is really not that qualified!” Ye Qingyu muttered to himself.

Thinking about this, Ye Qingyu crisply decided not to report in the second year but instead went to search for the little loli. At the very least, he needed to say farewell and discover where the little girl lived. Besides, he had prepared some presents for the little loli after returning from outside the academy.

Thankfully, Ye Qingyu knew the general direction of the female dormitory.

Carrying the black spear holster with the [Inexorable spear], Ye Qingyu silently followed the stone path of the living quarters. The breeze caused the light rustle of leaves, with the yellow leaves drifting down covering the entire grass fields. Ye Qingyu realized that this was the first time he had noticed the pretty scenery around.

It was only that the entire dormitory area was empty, with not a sight to be seen.

Ye Qingyu could feel that something was slightly strange.

If it was as normal, at this time, the area here should be quite busy, with people coming and going. It should be one of the most bustling times but there was not even a hint of a person here today. Something was up.

Very quickly he arrived at the female dormitory.

On the way, Ye Qingyu still did not bump into any first year students.

It made him feel something was definitely strange.

After questioning several teachers in charge of managing the dormitories, Ye Qingyu finally discovered the little loli, Song Xiaojun’s room and dormitory.

But Song Xiaojun was not within the dormitory.

“Come back later. All the students of the first year have gone to attend the general assembly of the first year.” The managing teacher was a female middle-aged woman that looked amiable, and whose strength did not seem either weak or strong. She laughingly said, “Little kid, are you not a first year student? Why are you not attending the general assembly? Could it be that you have skipped class…”

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

General assembly of the year?

No wonder on the way here, he did not see any other people. So it was this.

But why was a general assembly held? Could it be that a big incident had occurred within White Deer Academy? Normally speaking, unless it was something to do with the honour and reputation of the entire White Deer Academy, such a large scale meeting was extremely rare.

Ye Qingyu mumbled several words and promptly left, heading towards a pavilion. Sitting on the stone chair, he sat and silently waited.

The entire dormitory area was quiet and hushed and only the sounds of the wind rustling the leaves could be heard.

Ye Qingyu sat for a while, then felt bored. Instead of just waiting, he closed his eyes and began training in the nameless breathing technique. Very quickly he entered into a rhythmic state, breathing in and out.

The yuan qi of Heaven and Earth around him was quickly gathered at high speed, converging towards Ye Qingyu.

The inner yuan of Spirit spring martial artists, was largely created through absorbing and storing yuan qi from the environment. The everyday training of martial artists, their primary aim was accumulate and absorb yuan qi from the outside world into the world and store it within the dantian. When facing an opponent, the yuan qi within would activate and erupt, achieving the aim of harming the opponent.

This type of accumulation and storage, was a long and slow process.

For many martial artists, after a tough and brutal battle, it was very possible that their inner yuan would be fully expended. They needed to once again accumulate yuan qi from Heaven and Earth. Of course, this process of refilling did not require a lengthy amount of time.

Only experts who had entered the Bitter Sea stage would have their inner yuan in their dantian world grow and multiply without end, without any limits. Therefore, experts of the Bitter Sea stage were not too reliant on yuan qi from the outside world, and this was one of the reasons that Bitter sea stage experts were stronger than Spirit spring experts.

For Ye Qingyu, this was an important stage that he must continuously absorb and accumulate yuan qi, turning it into his own inner yuan.

For this process, only possessing one Spirit spring was by far not enough. He needed to excavate more and more Spirit springs within his dantian; only through doing this could he absorb and accumulate more and more yuan qi of Heaven and Earth, constantly becoming stronger.

Ye Qingyu practiced the nameless breathing technique and his rate of absorbing yuan qi was incomparably rapid.

Not even fifteen minutes of time had passed when a yuan qi cyclone formed, spinning around Ye Qingyu and creating a strange apparition.

This type of apparition, attracted the attention of the amiable middle-aged managing teacher from far away.

“This type of commotion… I know now, so it was this little kid. No wonder he came looking for Xiaojun.” The female teacher finally guessed Ye Qingyu’s identity.

Time passed by minute by minute.

Gradually, two to three meters away from Ye Qingyu’s body, the withered yellow leaves became like golden butterflies, swirling around him. The circulation of yuan qi was like a nest of whirlpools, creating a spectacular sight.

Suddenly, Ye Qingyu was able to sense something. Opening his eyes, he stopped his training.

The surrounding yuan qi currently halted abruptly, the withered leaves drifting to the ground and creating a circle around the entire pavilion. It was as if someone had intricately placed and arranged the leaves in a pattern.

From far away, figures could be seen.

The originally peaceful dormitory area suddenly became heated again.

Female students wearing the academy uniform appeared from far away, laughing and conversing. It seems that the general assembly had ended, with people energetically rushing back into the dormitory or rushing to the practice grounds. The crowd was like a tide heading in from the east, turning into small streams that flowed into different dormitories…

When passing by the pavilion, some female students were able to recognize Ye Qingyu, widening their eyes in astonishment.

Around the ages of fourteen was namely the age where the first awakening of love began. In these past months, within the academy, there was a significant number of love stories that had occurred. Very frequently, male students would appear within the female dormitory area, pursuing the girls they liked, so the appearance of a male student was not at all strange or baffling.

Even the favoured child Qin Wushuang, had once appeared below the female dormitory.

But afterwards the matters were slightly disappointing to the students who wanted to witness a perfect love story. This lucky girl who was pursued by Qin Wushuang, after one month of envy, admiration and hatred from the other female students, completely lost favour with Qin Wushuang. The reality was that this pitiful girl was just a plaything for Qin Wushuang when he was bored from training. After getting tired of her, she was then promptly thrown away…

No matter what the time, the female dormitory had a special attraction towards the male students.

But two people were the exception.

One was Yan Xingtian, this commoner student with exceptional talent. He had never appeared before within the female living area. Afterwards, when he disappeared during the practical wilderness training, this matter was slowly forgotten.

The other person was Ye Qingyu.

Great Demon King Ye had a handsome appearance and amazing talent. In the previous battles he had also displayed incomparable dominance. There were once some busybodies who had done an evaluation, and came to the conclusion that Ye Qingyu was the first year student that was the most masculine. If he had the mood, just through one glance, he could move the hearts of many beautiful girls…

But Demon King Ye did not appear once in the girls dormitory area.

He basically had no contact with female students.

Every day he would be in his living quarters, canteen, martial library and the practice grounds. He would undergo a lifestyle with four dots and one line, making many people suspicious, how Ye Qingyu could endure such a lifestyle.

The only person that Ye Qingyu was close to was only the little loli Song Xiaojun.

Who would have thought that today, Demon King Ye would really appear in the female living area.

If this news was to spread, it could be counted as a major occurrence.

In this instant, some female students crisply decided not to return, foregoing whatever they had to do. They instead stood staring from far away, wanting to see which person Demon King Ye was waiting for.

From far away.

The sounds of laughter drifted over.

Tens of female students, as if stars surrounding the moon, accompanied a red-clothed girl. This red-clothed girl was exceedingly beautiful, with an exceptional temperament, her skin as smooth as jade. It was as if she was naturally born with a colourful radiance that caused many female students to feel inferior.

Beside the red-clothed girl, there was also a girl in white garments. She was also exceptionally pretty, her white dress drifting about and bringing with her a magical aura. But her face was still a little too young and immature, without the garish and beautiful bearing of the red-clothed girl that was able to capture your soul.

“Senior sister Xiaohan, I’ve heard that in the competition between the two academies, the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] will be opened?” The white-clothed girl asked with a smile.

The smile of the red-clothed girl blossomed saying, “Junior Sister Qingluo is right. This time, the commotion caused by the Azure Phoenix students is really too much. The guests are acting as if they are the hosts and showing up the White Deer Academy, therefore the higher ups of the academy are naturally unsatisfied. They’ve decided to hold a direct battle. sword against sword, spear against spear. Therefore, the possibility of opening the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] is very high!”

“If it is really true, then this is too great. I also want to experience the legendary [Boundary Canyon Battlefield],” the white-clothed girl said excitedly.

“Senior Sister Qingluo, your strength is exceptional and your rankings has always been in the top five of the first year. According to the previous criteria of selecting people to enter the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], you definitely have the requirements to be chosen. Your wish can absolutely come true.” Another graceful girl appeared by the side, calmly praising and flattering the white-clothed girl.

“En, as long as Qingluo works hard, you have the chance to enter the list of the people selected.” The red-clothed girl was outstandingly gorgeous, both her smile and frown had an attraction that even appealed to the female gender. With a laugh she said, “There are many benefits to entering the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] and this is an excellent opportunity. I will definitely recommend you to head teacher Wang!”

“I am too thankful to Senior Sister Jiang.” The white-clothed girl rushed to say thanks.

This group of people had an above average characteristic, with a cordial atmosphere.

Behind them, there was a short and small silhouette that looked foolish and cute at the same time. As if she was a tired doll, she followed along weakly and without strength. She had an expression of disinterest and boredom, wearing a robe that was evidently too large for her, and every step along the way her cheeks puffed up in anger. She did not immerse herself within this group of female students.

Within the pavilion.

In an instant, a faint smile appeared on Ye Qingyu’s face.

Every time he saw the little loli’s foolish and cute appearance, the mood of Demon King Ye, would inexplicably brighten.

He beckoned from far away.

As if their hearts were connected, this bored Song Xiaojun with her head held down, suddenly sensed something. Lifting her head, she could see the Ye Qingyu from far away beckoning to her.

The little girl was dumbfounded and thinking this was an illusion, lowered her head and continued walking.

After walking several steps, she seemed to realize something again. She lifted her head again in shock, rubbing her eyes and confirming that she was not mistaken. Then, she began jumping up and down in excitement, letting out a cheer and running towards the pavilion.

She was like a sprinting and joyous little deer.

Ye Qingyu could not help but be amused by this little loli who was so naturally silly.

The cheer of the little loli, in an instant made the red-clothed girl and the others to notice Ye Qingyu’s existence. Their gaze landed on the pavilion underneath the shade of the tree, focusing on Ye Qingyu’s figure.

“It’s him?” The gaze of the red-clothed girl coagulated, stopping her footsteps, not knowing what to think.

The white-clothed girl next to her also stopped, a dissatisfied light flashing deep in her eyes. But seeing the little loli’s joyful appearance, the words that she wanted to say stuck in her throat, not able to say it in the end.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 64:


Chapter 64 – The World’s Best Brother

In the pavilion.

“Brother Qingyu!”

Song Xiaojun leapt into Ye Qingyu’s embrace, rubbing her forehead against Ye Qingyu’s body. Only after doing that for a while did she jump away. She was bouncing and cheering in a very animated state and only after a while did she finally stop.

Under the gaze of so many people she did not disguise her intimacy with Ye Qingyu at all. Instead, she was her truest and most authentic nature.

“Brother Qingyu, have you really come to find me?”

The little loli’s large eyes widened, looking like the twinkling of stars and filled with expectation. When she smiled, exposing her tiny little canine teeth, it was as white and as sparkling as miniature diamonds.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

He motioned for her to sit down, and then from the interdimensional pouch, took out the presents he had prepared for the little loli. Apart from two items of clothing that fitted her, there were many delicious snacks, dolls and accessories suitable for young girls. It was not anything too precious, but everything had been personally picked by Ye Qingyu.

“Wah, it’s beautiful, I like it… I like it too much!” The little loli began cheering and hopping about again, tiny stars shining within her large eyes. “Thank you, brother Qingyu.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, not saying anything.

From far away.

“Ah, Demon King Ye has smiled, he has an extremely gentle smile!” A female students cried in shock.

“I did not notice before, but when Demon King Ye smiles he’s really good looking!”

“Is this really the violent and brutal Demon King Ye? He seems to have suddenly changed into the big brother next door!”

“I really never would have guessed, Demon King Ye would like children who have not even matured yet… Sigh, it seems like I am destined not to have a chance!”

Very many female students gossiped with their friends and best friends, teasing and joking.

Ye Qingyu was one of the movers and shakers of the entire first year, with countless people’s attention focused on him. Especially after the battle with Qin Wushuang, many people secretly idolized him. After all, in this world where the martial path was followed by all, those who were strong were the people who were right.

The tens of female students that surrounded the red-clothed girl and the white-clothed girl also conversed in hushed whispers.

Suddenly, a strange smile appeared on the face of the red-clothed girl. As if she had just thought of something, she headed directly towards the pavilion.

“Senior Sister Jiang?” The white-clothed girl was taken aback, then also followed behind her.

The red-clothed girl came beside the pavilion, her gaze landing on Ye Qingyu. She said with a laugh, “Junior Brother Ye, it seems that you have been in the limelight quite a few times during these few months. Haha, you are the same as you have always been, always fond of showing off and seeking fame. You have not changed at all in these past years.”

Ye Qingyu smiled, not saying anything.

In reality, the moment Jiang Xiaohan appeared, Ye Qingyu had already noticed her. Even though he did not possess the slightest degree of goodwill for this snobbish neighbour and playmate anymore, but he could not deny, this little girl who walked out from the poor district, had a breathtaking appearance. Accompanied by her red academic dress that was like burning flames, she attracted the gaze of everyone. From the start, countless eyes had gathered onto her.

“It seems like Junior Brother Ye likes this junior sister very much.” Jiang Xiaohan’s gaze landed on the figure of Song Xiaojun. In her eyes was a slight ridicule.

Ye Qingyu still did not say anything.

“That’s right, little children are more innocent and are more easily fooled. They can easily idolise someone.” Jiang Xiaohan let off a barbed smile.

Ye Qingyu maintained his silence.

He even turned his gaze away, with a bland laughter, not looking towards Jiang Xiaohan anymore.

Such an action of neglect, caused an inexplicable rage to be consolidated within Jiang Xiaohan’s heart. She nearly lost control of her emotions and exploded in front of everyone.

She took a deep breath, and the smile appeared on her face again. “Do you not worry, that there will be a day that junior sister will grow up? When she sees the higher peaks of mountains around, when she sees an even more beautiful scenery, and meet better people, that she will not idolize and admire you anymore?”

“Not every person changes so easily and quickly. And not everyone, will not allow others to live happier than themselves, even if that person is their own friend. If Xiaojun in the future can see a better scenery, can meet superior people, then of course I will be happy for her.” Ye Qingyu smiled, and blandly said, “Also, Senior Sister Jiang, today you seemed to have said slightly too much.”

“Brother Qingyu, is the best person in this entire world… and he forever will be be.” The little loli was currently devouring a roast duck drumstick, her mouth covered in grease. She said these words loudly, her tone extremely determined and her expression was as if she was merely stating a law of the world.

The white-clothed girl, Song Qingluo frowned, giving a meaningful glance to Xiaojun.

The little loli’s smiled disappeared, unwillingly lowering her head, not saying anymore.

“Greetings Senior Brother Ye.” Song Qingluo walked forwards, bowing her head. “Thank you, Senior Brother Ye, for the favour of not challenging me in the elimination matches.” That day Ye Qingyu had acted crazily, challenging everyone on the ten rings. Only her arena was not challenged and Song Qingluo could leave with her dignity intact. This caused her reputation among the first years to rise and for her, this was undoubtedly a beneficial occurrence. Therefore, she needed to thank Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

“However, the Song family and Senior Brother Ye have different paths and aims. Xiaojun is still young but within White Deer Academy, her every action and words still represents the Qingluo Merchant Company.” On the graceful face of Song Qingluo, a shred of hesitation appeared then she said with determination, “To prevent others from misunderstanding, if Senior Brother Ye really wants what is best for Xiaojun, then please never meet with Xiaojun again!”

After these words were said, the expressions of several people’s face completely changed.

“Sister you…” Song Xiaojun said in panicked voice.

“Stand aside, and don’t say anything.” Song Qingluo’s tone was unyielding.

“But…” Song Xiaojun’s face turned red, wanting to explain something.

“Do you really not miss your mother?” Song Qingluo’s tone became severe.

Song Xiaojun was stunned.

The brightness of the little loli’s eyes, in this instant, became dim. She lowered her head, not saying anything.

And the Jiang Xiaohan beside her finally laughed.

“Haha, this is really interesting. It seems there is a clever person who understands reason and knows what to let go of. Junior Brother Ye, it seems like your act can fool little children but it cannot fool everyone.” She triumphantly blinked her eyes, her gaze evidently holding a shred of disdain and provocation.

But the predicted result of Ye Qingyu’s rage did not appear.

Ye Qingyu pondered for a moment.

Then, a smile appeared on his face.

“En, this was my mistake.” Ye Qingyu nodded his head seriously. Looking at Song Qingluo, he said, “Thank you for reminding me.”

Such a reaction caused Song Qingluo to be taken aback.

In her heart, she was slightly guilty. After all, Ye Qingyu had aided her before. If in the end, the result was that Ye Qingyu would fly in a rage out of humiliation or turn and abruptly leave in anger, Song Qingluo would not mind in the slightest. After all, this was her own fault.

But no matter what, she must do this.

The Song family was the largest merchant company in Deer City, and the head of the Song family had received an honorary title from the Snow Country’s royal family. But he was still not a true noble and in this strict empire where class was above all, power was the center of everything. Even if you had greater wealth, it could be taken from you at a moment’s notice.

Ye Qingyu had directly offended the noble organization and the city leader’s office, becoming the thorn in many significant peoples’ sides. He was an extremely dangerous person, and if Song Xiaojun continued to be his friend, it would negatively affect the Song family. This was absolutely not something the Song family would be able to withstand.

So in such a situation, Song Qingluo was clear in her heart on who she should choose between Ye Qingyu and the noble organization,.

On some level, such a choice was a type of humiliation towards Ye Qingyu.

But she did not expect Ye Qingyu to react like this.

But after being taken aback for a moment, the clever Song Qingluo finally understood. Ye Qingyu’s reaction was yet another protection towards Song Xiaojun. Only a true friend would consider so deeply and completely.

This was Demon King Ye, the Demon King Ye that, because of a disagreement, one man and two spears alone challenged the entire noble organization. For Song Xiaojun, he was willing to accept the humiliation of this demand.

There was abruptly an itch in Song Qingluo’s heart, feeling a slight jealousy.

She did not know what attribute Demon King Ye liked about Song Xiaojun.

Her beauty was higher than this little girl, her talent was not any less than Song Xiaojun. Comparing family background, conversation ability, temperament, skills and ability… no matter comparing what womanly attribute, Song Qingluo felt that she was more superior than Song Xiaojun many many times over.

But Demon King Ye, against her expectations, did not treat her with any favour whatsoever.

The other side.

Jiang Xiaohan also rapidly grasped this crucial point, and a jealous flame ignited in her heart instantly.

Ye Qingyu’s concern and spoiled favour had once belonged to her. But it was thrown away by her. She had once thought that she would never regret such an abandonment. But right now, when this girl with a figure like a flat wooden board had obtained it, not knowing why, she was jealous.

And also angry.

“Your performance is really moving.” Jiang Xiaohan coldly laughed, clapping her hands. “Ye Qingyu, you’ve really made a lot of effort. Using such a method on an immature and inexperienced little loli, is that not too deep a scheme?”

Without waiting for anyone to say anything, the little loli finally could not hold her mouth shut anymore. She disputed loudly, “Utter nonsense! Drivel! Brother Qingyu is the world’s best brother. You are only saying this out of jealousy! You are a bad woman!”

“Shut your mouth,” Song Qingluo heard and instantly chided. “Quickly return to your dormitory.

Jiang Xiaohan was in the end a senior sister of the fourth year. Her position was not low and her talent was extremely strong, so she had a considerable amount of influence. She was the target that Song Qingluo had attempted to get closer to during this time.

The little loli lowered her head, crystal-like tears glistening in her eyes.

She was really slightly afraid of Song Qingluo, her sister cousin.

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly, not saying anything. He only patted the little loli’s head, winking at the little loli. When the little loli lifted her head, her tears turned into laughter again at seeing Ye Qingyu’s face.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

