Chapter 945:


Chapter 962, The Star Plate collapse



Clear River Domain.

On the east bank of Sky Splitting River.

A tall youngster stood there watching the Sky Splitting River rolling southwestward with a pensive expression on his face.

He was covered up and down with a halo that looked almost unreal, like the glowing aura of a monk who had achieved the Dao, like the bright divine light of a God who ruled over all living things. A strange lake appeared, and following the long breathing of the youngster, the grass on the bank of the river leaned over in the direction in which he stood, as though bowing to an emperor over and over again.

After a moment.

Two equally dazzling mysterious yellow brilliance swept over from the end of the sky.

“Young Lord, there's a message from above that we’re ready to go.” A middle-aged man in an orange-yellow battle robe spoke in deep voice, like the chiming of an ancient bell.

He was one of the guardian elders who accompanied the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect at the Black Demon Abyss.

And the young lord opposite the guardian elder was the son of the Patriarch of the Sky Meteor Sect——Wang Hengyi.

When the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect died in battle it had shaken all sides. Everyone thought that the Sky Meteor Sect had lost a successor that they had painstakingly cultivated all these years and would be greatly weakened. When Wang Hengyi had just been pushed out by the Sky Meteor Sect he was seen only as a substitute for the Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect. But Wang Hengyi, like a comet streaking across the sky, rapidly erupted out with a brilliance and power that shook all sides, displaying a power far stronger than the former Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect. Many people had now forgotten the former Sacred Son of the Sky Meteor Sect, and only knew Wang Hengyi.

Wang Hengyi was still very young, only seventeen or eighteen years old. He was dressed in a bright yellow armour with flame markings He wore an ice-cold expression and had short hair, fair and clear complexion, sharp eyes, sword-like brows, and was very handsome. Some people had said that Wang Hengyi had the shadow of the [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu. Therefore on the Road of Chaos he was also given the nickname [Little Qingyu], believing that he was another rapidly rising super genius of the Human Race after Ye Qingyu.

But Wang Hengyi hated the nickname.

“Haha, I finally can stretch the muscles... this Clear River Domain is quite lively. I heard that the [Ice Sword Killing God] is also in Clear River Domain. He must have also come for the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor. Wait till I tread on him, then the fools of this world will know who is the real genius. It is simply a disgrace to be equally as famous as a citizen of a lowly domain!” Wang Hengyi sneered.

On his young, handsome face, there was a disdain for the world.

……

……

It was late at night.

It was as though endless thick ink had smeared across the sky. The night fog was hazy, the moon was like a hook, and heaven and earth were silent.

Wei River Mountain Range.

The mountain gate of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

This mountain area was located in the southwest area of Clear River Domain, and on the other side of the Greater One Mountain Range.

Unlike the towering peaks of Greater One mountains, the Wei River Mountain Range was mostly surrounded by rivers and mountains, and rolling hilly terrain. There was less of a majestic atmosphere, but more leisurely, quiet and peaceful. Back then when the ancestors of the Immortal God Emperor made their mark here, a lot of energy and manpower was spent to converge the spiritual veins of the heavens and earth underground in this mountain area, and to set up huge protection formations. After generations and more than thousands of years of maintenance and management, the current Wei River Mountain Range was abundant in spiritual qi, beautiful scenery, and there were countless treasures across the mountain area. It could be called a paradise in Clear River Domain.

In the deepest part of the mountain range, there was a towering, magnificent, sword-like peak.

This mountain peak, which was the highest peak within thousands of kilometers, looked as if it was extending toward the end of the sky or like a giant sword pierced down from the sky.

It was isolated, icily arrogant, overlooking the entire Wei River Mountain Range. It looked as if it did not belong to the secular world, but resembled an armoured giant guarding the surrounding countless mountains.

Such an imposing manner perfectly encapsulated the stance of the Immortal God Emperor to the world.

This was the main peak of the Immortal God Emperor Sect——

The God Emperor Peak.

At this moment, a figure was standing tall on the peak.

This figure seemed to be around sixty years old, his look lofty, his silhouette defined, and his brows resembling swords. Dressed in a purple gold robe, his long dark purple hair draped over his back like a waterfall pouring down, fluttering in the wind but was not disheveled. He radiated an unworldly Immortal grace was the Patriarch of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, Nan Guyun. Ever since succeeded to the head of the sect, he had always maintained the system of the sect and lived a reclusive life, and rarely traveled around Jianghu. Therefore, in recent decades, Nan Tieyi, the successor of Immortal God Emperor Sect, took care of the majority of the matters of Clear River Domain.

But the legends about Nan Guyun had never been forgotten in Clear River Domain.

Those who really knew him would understand what the name Nan Guyun represented and what kind of weight it had.

It was rumoured that the Patriarch of the Immortal God Emperor Sect not only possessed extraordinary inner yuan which dominated Clear River Domain, but also had a profound knowledge in the art of mysterious derivation. Moreover he was exceptionally gifted, able to look into fate, and almost no one in the entire Clear River Domain could compare to him in terms of the accuracy of predicting the future based on the relation between the yin and yang and the eight divinatory trigrams and with the heavenly stems and earthly branches. In the past hundreds of years, there had been many representatives of sects, which were either in great trouble or deteriorating, requesting Nan Guyun to calculate the future of their sect. However, he had to refuse because the recipients were bound to suffer for prying into the mystery known only to heaven and the prediction of the future. Even Nan Guyun would also have to pay a certain price.

But at this point he had made an exception.

Because a few days ago Nan Tieyi had sent back a message. Nan Guyun finally decided to derive the mystery known only to heaven.

In front of him was a tremendous bronze star plate, floating in the middle of the sky, emitting an ancient and mysterious aura under the stars, and flashing mottled starlight.

[Celestial Star Plate]!

The secret treasure of the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

Nan Guyun applied all his derivation skills on the star plate.

Under his control, the [Celestial Star Plate] produced continuous operating sounds, and dense symbols and markings, like the world's most sophisticated machines, were operating in accordance with their own order and constantly combined into different stars. At the same time, a gorgeous white brilliance blossomed out from the star plate, ancient and bizarre. A surging aura burst forth, slowly floating up and down, and radiated toward the surroundings, instantly illuminating the entire God Emperor Peak, like the starry sky.

After a moment.

The light on the star plate grew brighter and brighter. The specks of stars were incomparably dazzling. The twenty-two stars moved on their own, the first ten heavenly stems, followed by the last twelve earthly branches, and finally the last sixty-six that made up the formation based on yin and yang and the eight divinatory trigrams one by one returned to their original position. They condensed into a light pillar, connecting to the stars of the sky.

Nan Guyun looked focused, constantly mouthing the incantation.

That was when——

Ding!

A light noise broke out.

The starlight on the night sky suddenly went dim.

The gorgeous dazzling silver starlight suddenly vanished, and the [Celestial Star Plate] fell to shreds.

“This...”

Nan Guyun's mouth overflowed with blood, his expression changing abruptly.

He seemed to have been struck by a bolt of lightning.

“The star pushed the road, the fate was shown, the force can't be reverse, this... why would it be this, now... it seems that the disaster is imminent...” Nan Guyun stared at the damaged star plate in front with shocked disbelief. He appeared to have aged hundreds of years.

The Immortal God Emperor Sect had a deep foundation and several hidden cards, so he was very confident that even if the Greater One Sect had the support of foreign forces they cannot break through the mountain gate of Immortal God Emperor Sect and the disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect would be safe in the chaos of war. But unexpectedly, according to the final scene derived from the star plate and the collapse of the plate, it was a sign of extinction. It signified that the entire Immortal God Emperor Sect, as well as all of its disciples across the Wei River Mountain Range, would undoubtedly die!

Such a result was difficult for Nan Guyun to accept.

The mountain wind was unprecedentedly cold.

Nan Guyun’s hair had became grey within moments, and he looked incomparably old.

“The news that Tieyi sent back... could the place that the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is going to descend be the Wei River Mountain Range?”

The great master looked miserable, sighing repeatedly.

The will of the heavens.

It was the will of the heavens.

The Mandate of Heaven must not be disobeyed.

The heavens and earth was silent for a moment, not a sound could be heard.

It was unknown how long it was before Nan Guyun slowly drew back his eyes.

He sighed a heavy sigh and turned to the Dao child standing not far away, and ordered in a very solemn tone of voice, “Go and invite Master Liu Shaji to come to God Emperor Peak.”

“Huh?”

Since ancient times, what outsider had ascended the God Emperor Peak?

……

……

Ye Qingyu and the others took three days of time to travel less than thirty thousand kilometers.

Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi had been listening to Ye Qingyu's command all along. They did not know about the matters of the million-year-old soul and Ye Qingyu had been secretly asking the million-year-old soul for directions. But unfortunately the million-year-old soul could not fully determine the location of the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, and could only constantly use the power of the Chaos Demon Heart to sense the location to determine an approximate position. They took many stops along the way and were more like they were strolling around and looking at the scenery.

However, along the way, the trio were aware of some clues.

The first was that the forces of the Greater One Sect had suddenly quietened down these days.

Prior to this, the Greater One Sect had fought north and south, swept all sides, and suppressed almost all forces, races and sects of Clear River Domain. Everyday there was smoke everywhere, the whole domain was enveloped in the flames of war, and as soon as there was the familiar shrill bugle sound piercing through the sky, the black immemorial battleship descending from the sky, all the creatures were shuddering like it was doomsday. Everytime a battleship appeared, it meant destruction, killing, and conquest.

But these days, from the news received from all sides, the Greater One battleship had not appeared again and the huge cities that had been taken over by the Greater One Sect and the disciples of the Greater One Sect stationed at the mountain gate seemed a lot more restrained.

This phenomenon was not normal.

After all, the momentum that the Greater One Sect had shown before was as though it wanted to completely rule and unify Clear River Domain. However, now they seemed to have given up.

“That group of dogs, son of a bitch... might be gathering strength before they cause a big disturbance again... Gee, ouch ouch, let go...” Before Hu Bugui could finish what he was saying, Little Nine, who was sleeping on Ye Qingyu's shoulder, immediately jumped up in anger like someone had trampled on his tail, and bit Hu Bugui's heel.

“Woof... you make it clear to Woof, what's wrong with dogs? What’s wrong with son of a bitch?” A low roar emitted from Little Nine's throat, “You son of a mother!”



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 946:


Chapter 963, Saint experts like ants

Not knowing whether to laugh or cry, Ye Qingyu held back Little Nine by the neck, and he finally loosened the bite.

Suddenly a few clear tooth marks had appeared on Hu Bugui's heel.

“Damn it, it's just a saying, I...” The bandit leader felt very wronged.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to say to Nan Tieyi, “Brother Nan Tieyi, send a message again, contact your sect to see whether there is anything happening.”

Nan Tieyi had passed back the news of the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor to the Immortal God Emperor Sect through special channels three days ago. However, he had not received corresponding information back from the Wei River Mountain Range, nor did he know what the leaders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect were thinking. Ye Qingyu felt that the worry of Hu Bugui was justified, and that it was very likely that the Greater One Sect was gathering up strength to concentrate on the full fight against the greatest enemy. In the entire Clear River Domain the only one that could receive such solemn treatment from the Greater One Sect was only the Immortal God Emperor Sect. Thus, Ye Qingyu was worried that there would be a problem in the Wei River Mountain Range.

Nan Tieyi nodded.

Of course he knew what Ye Qingyu meant.

In fact, he also had the same concern.

But after half an incense stick of time, such a fear was completely dispelled.

Because after Nan Tieyi had contacted the Immortal God Emperor Sect in front of Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, they immediately sent over the message that everything was good and that nothing had happened.

“Did I guess wrong?” Ye Qingyu faintly felt that something was not quite right.

Nan Tieyi answered, “Perhaps because the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had been directly let out by us, which shook the world, the plan that the Greater One Sect had was affected and they have to change their strategy. And now they don't dare to continue their previous arrogant and domineering style. After all, Clear River Domain had become the focus of the whole world, and the top forces of all sides had come. If the Greater One Sect continues to be domineering, it would inadvertently provoke some foreign major forces.”

Ye Qingyu nodded. This was a possibility.

In the blink of an eye, another three days of time had passed.

Ye Qingyu and the others continue to head southwestward, stopping along the way.

“My judgment is correct, that mysterious feeling is becoming more and more clear, the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is coming,” the voice of the million-year-old soul sounded. He had turned into an ordinary stone ornament that hung on Ye Qingyu's waist belt. “It's approximately in the southwest direction, but I still can’t be sure... we are not in a hurry, slowly move forward.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Now he could only listen to the judgment of this existence.

In fact, the three of them, although they could not sense the aura of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor, were aware of some other signs.

One of the most obvious signs was that the laws of the heavens and earth of Clear River Domain had gradually become disturbed. The tide of the spiritual qi of heaven and earth was also a bit unstable. Such a bizarre situation had rarely appeared before. After all, Clear River Domain was in the prime of its life, the laws of heaven and earth were very stable and there should not have been such a phenomenon. There was only one explanation that could explain this——

The arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had disturbed the energy field of Clear River Domain.

After another four or five days the trio was even more certain of this explanation.

Because at this time, not only were the laws of heaven and earth disordered, but the tide of energy between heaven and earth was gradually affected by a kind of wild force, which contained shreds of strange vicious currents.

The vicious currents did not seem strong and would not affect the cultivation base of martial artists. But soon Ye Qingyu and the others had a change of expression as they became aware of the terrible changes, because the vicious currents had unexpectedly affected the nature of the living beings in this domain. Ye Qingyu had witnessed a harmless rabbit quickly become violent after it inhaled a wisp of the vicious current. It actively attacked its own kind, and even violated its animal instincts and provoked a giant snow wolf, and eventually swallowed it up...

“This aura makes creatures crazy, making them aggressive and fierce...” Hu Bugui sniffed the cold air.

The look on Nan Tieyi's face was also extremely solemn.

All kinds of strange scenes had appeared. Clear River Domain seemed to have gone demonic.

It was most likely that it would not be long before the creatures in the domain, like the little white rabbit, became violent and fierce, and only have killing intent left in their mind.

“This is the demonic power of the Chaos Demon Emperor, be careful to not inhale this vicious current, otherwise it will affect your mind. Especially martial artists. On the surface, it seems that the inhalation of this kind of vicious current has no effect and one can rely on one's cultivation to suppress it, but once one steps into the Reincarnation Hall the demonic nature and vicious tendencies will break out. At that time one will lose consciousness, become a slaughtering machine, and be controlled by the power of the Reincarnation Hall...” the million-year-old soul reminded Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was aghast when he heard this.

Over the next few days, things really got worse.

Along the way, Ye Qingyu had witnessed countless killings. The eyes of the beasts up the deep mountains had turned scarlet red, attacking what they saw. The bandits in the mountain village frantically harmed themselves. The martial artists he saw along the road had become irritable and violent. The monsters under the water were setting off huge waves, and the Demon Race showed its true form, devouring living creatures. The underground fire penetrated the crust to burn the primeval forest, the sleeping beast smashed the mountains, and battle pets killed their own owner...

Killing began to spread like the plague.

The further they moved in the southwest direction, the more terrifying the sight was.

Another ten days had passed.

Gradually, even Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi felt irritable. Their hearts overflowed with murderous spirit that they want to vent.

“No, this demonic vicious current seems to be able to penetrate the skin and is impossible to defend against effectively...” Ye Qingyu was more and more shocked. The laws of heaven and earth were more chaotic than before, and even at his cultivation level, it was gradually difficult for him to use the power of the law. The tide of spiritual qi between heaven and earth had been depleted and replaced by violently surging demonic qi that was invisible to the naked eye. The living beings under the Heaven Ascension realm was already unable to resist the penetration of this violent aura. While experts under the Immortal Step Realm had to activate their yuan qi in order to keep themselves calm and not to kill.

Boom!

A gap cracked across the sky.

There were meteorites roaring to the earth with heavenly fire, like stars falling from the sky.

This was a scene arisen because the law of the Void was chaotic, the space wall barrier was disturbed, and the order was in shambles.

In the face of the power of heaven and earth, the strength of living beings, no matter how strong they were, was ultimately limited.

“I feel that the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor is approaching, it is still the southwest direction, and it is coming...” The tone of voice of the million-year-old soul had become more serious.

Ye Qingyu, Hu Bugui, Nan Tieyi and Little Nine continued to move in the direction that he was referring to.

After one day.

“Another three hundre thousand kilometers and it will be the edge of the Wei River Mountain Range.” Nan Tieyi looked very worried.

All indications had made it clear that the Wei River Mountain Range seemed to be in the center of an invisible vortex. These days the direction they were moving towards was precisely where the Immortal God Emperor Sect was located. Ye Qingyu knew that the direction was right because along the way the laws of heaven and earth was increasingly chaotic, the demonic aura was increasingly strong, and there was a feeling of approaching the source of chaos.

The feeling in Ye Qingyu's heart was not very good either.

He remembered the images that he had seen in that divine sense over and over again, and had a bad feeling about the Immortal God Emperor Sect.

But Nan Tieyi had several times contacted the higher-ups of the Immortal God Emperor Sect and the answer was still very reassuring. The Wei River Mountain Range had not suffered attack from the Greater One Sect and everything was well.

“I hope I am mistaken,” he comforted himself in his heart.

But the other two clowns were quarreling and fighting noisily along the way, and evidently didn't think too much.

“Bandit head, what are you looking at?” Little Nine opened his eyes and saw that the bandit leader Hu Bugui was glancing at him.

“Looking at you, please?”

“Woof!”

“Hey? Let go... let go... ouch ouch ouch.”

Hu Bugui anxiously and furiously tried to fling away the silly dog, but Little Nine hung on to his wrist like a koala, not loosening his grip at all.

Ye Qingyu was speechless.

The silly dog was affected by the vicious demonic current, becoming irritable. These days he had several times found excuses to bite Hu Bugui.

The three people and the dog continued along the way.

Half a day later.

It was less than one hundred thousand kilometers from the Wei River Mountain Range.

Boom!

Hundreds of kilometers away there was suddenly a flash of light, like the wrath of the heavens.

“Huh? There are experts fighting ahead?” Ye Qingyu’s [Eye of the Void] were flashing purple. Looking into the distance, he saw that there were a number of figures flashing and sensed that there was a number of Saint experts in fierce battle. One of the figures was incomparably huge, like a giant of mythical legend, covered with thundercloud-like blue demonic qi. He was evidently a Saint expert of the Demon Race. Tyrannical power was frantically being activated, producing a series of raging roars. It was like a scene of doomsday.

And the existence battling the Saint expert of the Demon Race was a wisp of sword light, which was extremely fast like the speed of light.

Ye Qingyu was surprised.

It was the first time they had encountered the confrontation between Saint experts along the way.

The demonic vicious currents had already affected the Saint experts?

“Go and see.”

The three people transformed into streams of flowing light and sped over.

But when they arrived, although it was only a few breaths of time later, the battle had already ended.

The great Saint expert of the Demon Race had died in battle, turned into a corpse, lost its vitality, and collapsed on the ground like a mountain. Dark green demon blood gushed out of the wounds, like a river had burst its bank, and instantly drowned the earth. The land within dozens of kilometers had been turned into a dark green sea.

“A Saint expert was like an ant, dying instantaneously.”

Ye Qingyu felt the cruelty of the upheaval brought about by the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor.

It was evident that the Emperor's opportunity had an unparalleled attractive force. This time the competition was much worse than when the door of darkness of the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss appeared. It had only been a dozen or so days, but too many top experts and masters had already showed up in Clear River Domain... The power of a Saint expert might have been enough to shake the entire Clear River Domain in the past, but it had no deterrence at this gathering of masters——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 947:


Chapter 963, The first warmth



Ye Qingyu, Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi, looking at the mountain-like corpse of the demon Saint expert, were a bit aghast. When they were hundreds of kilometers away the giant demon Saint expert was as fearful and powerful as a Fiendgod, and could shatter the sky with one hand and split the ground in one step. His whole body was shrouded in thunderclouds like a war god. But in just a few breaths of time he had been turned into a corpse. The contrast really was too shocking.

What kind of existence could slaughter a demon Saint in such a short period of time?

And it looked as though it was just a casual attack from the other side, yet it could slaughter a giant demon Saint. That person then left directly, leaving the Saint expert lying there. It should be said that the flesh and blood of a Saint Realm existence were valuable treasures, but were discarded by the mysterious existence like trash. The mysterious existence evidently did not see value in the demon Saint body.

“Hey? The residual sword qi seems familiar...” Hu Bugui seemed to sense something when he saw the huge sword wound on the chest of the huge demon Saint.

Nan Tieyi was also aware of it. “It is the sword qi of Heaven Devastator.”

“The sword qi of Heaven Devastator?” Ye Qingyu immediately understood. “The Heaven Devastator Demon Sect?”

“Yes, it is the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.” Nan Tieyi nodded with a look of disbelief across his face, “For more than thousands of years, the power of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect had shook Clear River Domain. Although the sect only had one descendant, but the former sect masters all had the title of the strongest in Clear River Domain. The giant demon Saint is obviously from a foreign domain, but the aura of the sword wound on him is almost identical to the divine sword move of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect, the [Earth Quaking Kill]. The problem is that, even if the Lord of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect is the strongest in Clear River Domain and can deter all sides, this is only limited to Clear River Domain and he should not be able to kill a demon Saint within seconds.”

Hu Bugui echoed what he said, “I have seen the Lord of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect fight, he does not have this sort of strength.”

Ye Qingyu also agreed.

He had seen the Lord of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect in the Sword Storm Meeting before, and also saw the strength of the strongest expert of Clear River Domain. He was indeed exceptionally strong, but he was only at the Immortal Step realm. It was absolutely impossible for him to kill a Saint expert. However, Ye Qingyu also felt that the aura of the sword wound on the demon Saint was really similar to that of the Lord of Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

What was going on?

Had the strength of the Lord of the Heaven
Devastator Demon Sect
dramatically improved?

The three people were somewhat puzzled.

But it was irrelevant and they didn't need to think too much about it.

Ye Qingyu pondered for a moment.

In the palm of his hand, [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] was spinning around, immediately turned into a red sword light and coiled around the demon expert's body several times, before it returned to his hands. The sword pill had grown several times brighter like it had drank the blood of the demon. And the giant demon Saint corpse on the ground had suddenly erupted into a cloud of dust, scattering between heaven and earth. Even the dark green demon blood on the ground had lost its essence and dried up, solidifying on the ground.

The essence of the giant demon corpse had been drawn into the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill].

“Let's go.”

Ye Qingyu turned away.

Just now he had seen through the battle using the [Eyes of the Void], and understood it more than Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui, and was aware of the strength of both sides. The strength of the suspected giant demon Saint was probably around the middle stages of the Saint realm and could be considered as an experienced Saint expert. If Ye Qingyu was against him, he was certain that he could kill the opponent within ten minutes, but he could not instantly slaughter the Saint expert like what the sword light had done. If he was to face the one who launched the sword light, whether that person was the Lord of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect or not, Ye Qingyu had no confidence in winning.

Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui followed behind Ye Qingyu.

After this scene, the two people had a new understanding of the degree of terrifyingness of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor and thus increased their vigilance. But the two were after all experts that had been through hundreds of battles, seen countless wind and rain, and each possessed many life-saving hidden cards. Thus they were not afraid nor did they plan to retreat.

But the silly dog was lying on the shoulder of Ye Qingyu, looking depressed.

It had thought that the huge fat demon body was destined to become its meal. Who knew it was fed to the sword.

This was a huge disappointment to Little Nine, so he did not even try to make excuses and directly jumped up and bit the heel of Hu Bugui.

“Ah, ouch ouch ouch... let go.” Hu Bugui yelled, “I didn't look at you.”

“Woof!”

Ye Qingyu was speechless, lifted him up by the scruff of his neck with a darkened face and scolded, “Do not bite people for no reason.”

“Woof!” Little Nine moodily promised.

In fact, he also did not know what was going on. These days, his teeth had always been feeling itchy, as though he had to nibble on something to relieve the itch, and the bones in his body were feeling limp and soft. He had never had such a feeling before, and thus Little Nine panicked a little.

“Could it be that I have eaten too much lately and damaged my stomach? Or is Woof finally going to be an adult and is starting to grow?”

Little Nine began to think of nonsense.

Then his gaze fell on the little strange black stone hanging at the waist of Ye Qingyu.

Woof? The stone looks very hard, maybe it can be used to grind teeth?
He thought to himself,
I'll find a chance to steal it... even if I get caught it should be fine, he wouldn't be so stingy to not even give a stone to me, right?
”

As a result, the million-year-old soul, who had been silent all this time, inexplicably sneezed several times.

He did not think that the Chaos Demon Heart he had spent so much time to refine would be treated as a grinding stone by a dog.

Two more days had passed.

The demonic vicious current between the heaven and earth was becoming more and more intense.

The speed at which Ye Qingyu and the others traveled at was very slow, because the million-year-old soul was still calculating the exact location of the arrival of the Reincarnation Hall.

“It's within a three hundred thousand-mile radius, but we still have to wait to determine the exact location,” the million-year-old soul said.

They had to wait a little longer.

In the meantime, Nan Tieyi had contacted the Immortal God Emperor Sect several times and had received a response letting them know that everything in the sect was good. Although the three were relieved to know this, they still found it very strange why the army and battleships of Greater One Sect had disappeared, and there was no longer any traces of them during this long period of time. It seemed as though they had abandoned the attempt to dominate Clear River Domain?

But with the passage of time, Ye Qingyu and the others also encountered trouble.

They were confronted with a sneak attack.

As chaos struck, massacre finally began.

The news of the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor had attracted more and more attention, but increasingly more and more forces, imperial courts, and aristocratic families had realized that this news was not a joke. Those who originally saw this news as a joke also reflected over. The whole world had gone crazy. It should be said that not all living beings could overcome the greed in their heart like the Patriarch of the Hundred Spirits Sect, thus there were more and more figures descending onto Clear River Domain like moths flying into a flame.

When so many fish suddenly appear in a small pond, it will become crowded.

This was the case in Clear River Domain.

In the originally uninhabited area there were activities of experts of all major races.

There were more and more.

Ye Qingyu and the others unavoidably met face to face with hundreds of different groups of people.

Perhaps impacted by the violent chaos demonic qi between heaven and earth, very soon tension was created between different forces, and many large and small fights seemed like it would break out at any time. Challenges were always happening. The winner of the previous moment might be dead in the next.

Even Little Nine was aghast at the sight.

He had originally thought it was very unreasonable for him to find some excuse to bite Hu Bugui's heel when he inadvertently looked at him, but when he saw the number of forces killing each other without any reason or even saying a word, Little Nine immediately understood that his unreasonableness was still very shallow.

And it didn't take long for someone to take a shot at Ye Qingyu and the others.

Because these three people and the dog did not look particularly strong.

The one with the most powerful aura was Ye Qingyu, who on the surface was a little Saint expert. Although he might have a little deterrent ability in other places, in the current Clear River Domain he was barely just considered as a top expert and there was a large gap between him and the real top experts. Moreover, Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui had a weaker aura, but were both semi-Saint realm experts. More importantly, compared to the groups of hundreds of people traveling together, Ye Qingyu’s group was somewhat pitiful in number.

From any point of view, the trio was a group of big fat sheep to be slaughtered.

But when Little Nine flew into a rage and grew to a white beast, swallowing three Saint realm experts and their hundreds of followers at once, the first wave of challenges against the trio ended very quickly.

“No wonder these three bastards dare to swagger here, they are just relying on that dog.”

“What dog is that? He could swallow Saint experts. He is most likely a divine beast.”

“Think of a way to snatch that divine dog.”

The experts of the great forces were all thinking the same thing when they saw Little Nine unleash his fearful power. Battle beasts were also a part of a martial artist's strength. The white beast seemed to have a strange background, but was exceptionally strong. It was a waste for it to be in the hands of three semi-Saint experts. The news quickly spread, and experts that were not in this region came one after another to snatch away the silly dog.

Since the chaos had come, and order had been lost, everything depended on strength.

“You three, hand over the divine beast, terminate the battle pet contract and I can spare your life. Or you can die.” A young demon, who looked around twenty years old, stopped Ye Qingyu and the others with contempt and disdain in his eyes, like he was looking at three lowly ants, “You three are so weak, you don’t deserve to have this powerful divine beast.”

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

It was the first time he had met someone who wanted to take away his dog.

And Little Nine for a moment was both a bit sad and happy.

For the first time, he felt the warmth of being praised and valued——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 948:


Chapter 964, There are also peaks that can't be turned over

The several experts around looked at Ye Qingyu and the others with a bit of sympathy.

As they say a man's treasure will arouse the envy of others. It was not a strange sight to see people with treasures being hunted by others. But it was the first time that a group of people was targeted because of their possession of a dog. However, the dog's ability to transform into a white beast and to devour Saint realm experts could indeed explain everything. In a way the white puppy could be considered as a valuable treasure.

“If you don't want to die then hand over the divine dog.” Seeing that Ye Qingyu and the others appeared unconcerned, the young demon expert fumed, “I'll only give you ten seconds, otherwise, die.”

Little Nine looked incredibly excited.

“Woof, there are actually people in this world that know what's good, hahaha, see? Divine dog, Woof, hahaha.” He excitedly bounced up and down on Ye Qingyu's shoulder, exclaiming in a satisfied, complacent voice. “Young demon, you have a good eye, Woof really admires you, but if you want to get Woof you have to ask whether Woof's owner agrees first.”

He wagged his tail, pointing to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu simply ignored the silly dog.

He ran his eyes across the experts gathered in a circle watching, and glanced at the young demon expert blocking the path. Having experienced this sort of situation again and again, Ye Qingyu clearly knew that he absolutely couldn’t show weakness in such events. Otherwise the fierce wolves that were glaring at him like they were watching their prey would instantly pounce on him and tear apart his bones.

“I'll also give you ten seconds of time to get out of the way. Quickly get lost, otherwise don't think of leaving here.” Ye Qingyu's face was calm and indifferent.

“What? Hahahaha.” The young demon expert laughed. “Who do you think you are? How dare you say such a thing to me? Little pitiful creature of the Human Race, if it were the Saintess of Jade Pearl, the Third Prince of the Kaiyang clan, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, or other peerless heaven's prideling experts, I would have immediately turned around without saying anything, but you? Hahaha, what a joke.”

Like he was looking at an idiot, Ye Qingyu said, “Since you know the Saintess of Jade Pearl, the Third Prince of the Kaiyang clan and the Celestial Phoenix Maiden, then you should also know who I am.”

As he was speaking, a beam of Divine Emperor sword intent burst forth, like a blade cutting through tofu, pierced through the Void with a burst of cold air, ice crystals dancing in the breeze.

Che! Che!

Amidst the light noise, the young demon expert and the dozens of masters at his side were simultaneously severed into two with no chance to resist at all.

“You... you are...” This young demon expert only felt a cool sensation at his waist, before jets of blood were seen spurting out, a silver ice pattern spread out along the wound. He was in utter shock, his soul flying beyond the sky. Before he lost consciousness he suddenly realized something, a name exploded in his mind like a rumbling thunder. He screamed, “You are the [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu, that mad demon of the Human Race, you...”

Before his voice faded.

The dozens of demon experts were shrouded in ice that had spread out from the wound, turned into lifelike ice sculptures, and fell from the Void.

All around there were sounds of inhaling cold air.

The experts who originally looked at Ye Qingyu with pity or gloating eyes, like frightened rabbits, opened up the distance between them, moving back as far as possible.

As they say, the name of a person was like the shadows of a tree. Even if they had not seen the real Ye Qingyu, the name that shook the Road of Chaos and that illustrious achievement had demonized the title [Ice Sword Killing God] in the eyes of many foreign races. Like a fiendish star it killed anyone that it laid it eyes on. It would be throwing away their life if they went up to provoke this human demon.

“Sigh, that young demon has good tastes, but just a bit too stupid. He didn’t even understand the situation, like breaking a rock using an egg.” Little Nine sighed with regret.

Hu Bugui was a little excited, “Haha, brother Ye Qingyu, you are fearful and powerful, those grandchildren are all scared away.”

“Those were all some inferior forces, the situation is not as optimistic as you think, Old Hu. Don't lower your guard.” Ye Qingyu shook his head.

And what happened next, indeed quickly confirmed the words of Ye Qingyu.

The news spread and someone had specially come to this area.

“Are you Ye Qingyu? The [Ice Sword Killing God]?” A Human Race youngster with arrogance across his face and a conceited expression stopped Ye Qingyu's path. “I want to challenge you.”

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows in a frown.

“I want to prove to all people that I, Lu Wei am the real strongest genius of the Human Race. You, Ye Qingyu, do not deserve the reputation. I heard that your swordsmanship is unmatched, draw your sword. I'll let you know what is true swordsmanship. You are just a little fish of an inferior domain, and is not worthy of such a reputation.” The young man named Lu Wei sneered. His eyes glowed with a fierce light, like he saw the brilliant glory of his defeat of the famous Ye Qingyu.

“We're all humans, why fight at this time for the sake of some reputation?” Nan Tieyi persuaded.

He could tell that the Human Race youngster indeed had a bit of talent, and did not want to see him do anything wrong.

Lu Wei swept a glance over Nan Tieyi, “What are you, step aside, it is already an honour for you to see this battle. What qualifications do you have to speak here.”

Ye Qingyu shook his head. It was not beneficial to talk to a fool like him.

“Take this.” He smiled, lifting his hand and pressing his thumb into the Void.

A gush of Divine Emperor sword intent burst forth.

Boom!

Almost at the same time, a muffled sound rang.

Opposite, with a shock and blank look across his face, Lu Wei was staring at his hand where only the sword handle remained.

What had just happened? Before he could react, killing intent and powerful qi were coming at his face. Just as he drew his sword, everything blurred in front of him, and the sword had already snapped.

What kind of power was this?

“Since you are part of the Human Race, I won't kill you. Leave Clear River Domain. With your cultivation level you can only survive for one day at most.” Ye Qingyu turned away.

He was a little merciful facing the Human Race and held back from killing. He had finally mastered the [Divine Emperor Sword Mantra], able to kill with one thought. That Lu Wei who had reached the Saint realm at such a young age could be considered a genius of the Human Race. On the surface it seemed that his yuan qi and cultivation level were about the same as that of Ye Qingyu, but based on real fighting strength and experience there was still too great of a distance between him and Ye Qingyu.

Lu Wei’s face turned ashy.

It wasn’t until Ye Qingyu and the others disappeared into the horizon that he snapped out his trance, indignant and shocked, and felt too ashamed to show his face.

“Is this the strength of the [Ice Sword Killing God]? The difference between him and I is just too great...” He turned blue and red, and eventually had to accept the fact. Although he was arrogant, he was not a fool. He knew that Ye Qingyu had already held back his strength. If he really wanted to kill him, it wouldn’t be any more difficult than snapping a sword. Thinking back to his arrogance and domineering behaviour before, and thinking of that indifferent demeanour of Ye Qingyu, Lu Wei suddenly felt that he was far inferior no matter from which aspect.

A white-haired old man slowly appeared behind Lu Wei.

“Grandpa...” Lu Wei looked ashamed.

The old man smiled kindly, “Now you know the gap between you and others? You are talented and have been training in martial arts since a young age. Everything had gone too smoothly for you, so you’re inevitably arrogant and conceited. You now know that there is always someone out there that is better, right?”

“Grandpa, I was wrong.” Lu Wei bowed his head

“It’s never too late to correct your mistakes.” The old man nodded. “Sharpen your mind, and in the future you will still have the chance to fight Ye Qingyu.”

Lu Wei's expression eased a little. Looking at the old man, an intense colour of worship emerged in his eyes, “Of course, it’s because I have an invincible Grandpa.”

The old man just smiled when he heard this, “Invincible? Before I see that I would already be buried under the soil. Victory or defeat is not important, but if don’t become an Emperor, then all hope and efforts would have come to nothing.”

“This time the opportunity of becoming Emperor in the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor must be yours Grandpa,” Lu Wei said firmly. “In this world, who can compete with a Quasi-emperor? Back then, Li Xiaofei also just barely lost to Grandpa. Except him, who can win against Grandpa?”

“The world is wide and immense, there is always a taller mountain. In the future, do not say anything like this. Just as you cannot beat Ye Qingyu, Grandpa also has mountain peaks that I cannot climb.” The old man’s face grew solemn, seemingly thinking of the past, eyes clear as the abyss, like the sun, moon and stars aligning, like the evolution of the universe.

……

One day later.

Ye Qingyu and the others were covered in blood.

The Divine Emperor sword intent engulfed the sky, the power of the [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] broke out, and the world shook. After a bitter battle, they finally killed a top Saint expert.

The [Blood Drinker Sword Pill] grew bright-red as it drank up the blood of the top Saint expert, before returning to the palm of Ye Qingyu.

“In another three days the Reincarnation Hall of the Chaos Demon Emperor will really come. It is earlier than expected.” The million-year-old soul stated, “Continue southwest, I have approximately determined where it will descend, we can speed up.”

Ye Qingyu was a little excited when he heard this.

It was finally coming?

The trio sped up, moving in the southwest direction.

At this point, the location was only fifty thousand kilometers away from the Wei River Mountain Range.

……

……

Ridges and peaks collapsed and the ground subsided.

Heavenly fire had descended onto the world of mortals. The world resembled hell. The living beings were howling in grief, and smoke and dust filled the air. It was dark without any daylight.

A drawn-out sword song resounded through the land of desolation.

“The White Lotus colour is bright and clear, the silver sword tip is not old, destroying devil and the evil. One sword strike beheads a group of demons...”

The White Lotus Sword song again echoed across the land of Clear River Domain.

The bright and pure white-coloured lotus flower was like a divine light that washed away the darkness of the world, blooming in a huge valley, dispelling the darkness and demonic qi within dozens of kilometers. The figure of a tall swordsman was standing straight on a white lotus flower, which at this moment only had the last three of its originally nine petals.

The swordsman looked solemn, without sorrow and without pain, as the [White Lotus Immortal Sword] activated the seventh strike of the [Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower].

Opposite.

The Greater One Spiritual Master was standing against the wind.

“Liu Shaji, don't think of escaping, your Lotus Flower strike has killed three headmasters of my Greater One Sect. But now, to me it is useless... Accept your death.” The Greater One Spiritual Master was surging with piercing cold killing intent——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

