Chapter 1185:


Chapter 1200 - War Cries, Song and Dance

The Western Regions of the Dark Realm had vast uninhabited expanses of White Mountains and black water, pervaded by miasma and occupied by dark beasts. Dangerous places were scattered throughout, such that the environment was perilous to the extreme.

At its westernmost parts was the Great Wall, a miraculous city wall of the formation martial way which was built in the distant past. It ran along the westernmost borders of the Dark Realm, spanning thirty million kilometers. Like a range of lofty mountains, it was nearly as high as the sky, reaching into the clouds while separating the Dark Realm from the Chaotic Region.

Every inch of the Great Wall was an inch of blood.

Since ancient times, it had been guarded by the penal battalions.

It could be said that the Great Wall was the living space of the Sinners. For generations, they were born here, grew up here, battled here, and were buried here. Their only purpose for coming to this world was to atone for a sin which they had to bear from the moment they were born, and their only purpose for living on was to fight.

This time, the breakout of war was very hasty.

The defense zone of the Unmoving City of Darkness had previously descended into extreme chaos because of the inexplicable disappearance of the Emperor of Darkness, and because its defense force was not stable, it became the zone worst hit by the disturbance of Invaders.

However, following the birth of a new Emperor of Darkness in recent years, the Unmoving City of Darkness became increasingly unified day by day while this zone became impregnable, certainly one of only a handful of such zones among the Sinner tribe. This was why the entire Great Wall defense area was shocked when news that the Unmoving City of Darkness defense zone had been breached by Invaders spread.

The four Great Wall chief commanders who represented the will and dignity of Royal City were shocked and enraged.

After news spread, a series of orders were issued. The first consideration was not how to mobilize all military strength to work together in driving the Invaders out from within the borders of the Great Wall, but to disallow other penal battalions from participating in the battle instead. At the same time, there was a temporary order saying that the Unmoving City of Darkness had to rely on its own strength in killing all of the Invaders.

The battle had already been going on for half a month.

It had been exactly eight days since the contemporary Emperor of the Unmoving City of Darkness had gone missing. On that day, someone among the four chief commanders issued an order, causing the Emperor of Darkness to have no choice but to personally take action. In the end, he ran into a much-changed situation of internal disorder and ambush, and eventually vanished among the battlefield.

At present, the Unmoving City of Darkness had poured in a lot of military strength to fight to the death with the Invaders. The area several thousands kilometers around the breach had become a massive blood pool and corpse mountain, where the smell of blood shot into the sky and even the clouds were dyed in blood red.

War cries could be heard without end.

“Adviser, there’s no news from the fifth and sixth camps of the frontlines. Please send reinforcements.”

“Adviser, the left army has been engaged in fierce battle for ten days, and has lost more than half of its strength while many more are injured. Please allow them to withdraw and undergo repair. They will be crushed alive if they still don’t withdraw.”

“Adviser, only three of the ten backline camps remain, while the ten commander-level dragon knights have already died in battle. There’s only one person left that can fill in.”

“Adviser, Invaders have poured in ceaselessly, such that their numbers have increased by ten times. Because of their ferocious offensive, the 18th defense line is unable to cope already...”

Bad news came in succession.

Wang Jianru was dressed in military uniform and plated in blood armor, while her face was concealed by a bloodstained mask, and so no outsider knew her true identity. Standing tall at the bow of the army’s flagship, she looked downward with her beautiful eyes that contained traces of agitation, anger, and worry.

Below her, the sound of war cries shook the world.

Like a giant meat grinder, the vast expanse of a thousand kilometers in circumference was constantly devouring the destiny of beings. Though the breakout of war had not reached a month, at least one hundred thousand Sinners from the Unmoving City of Darkness had already been inserted into this meat grinder, dying terribly on the battlefield.

Among the front, middle, back, left, and right battalions in the Unmoving City of Darkness, the middle battalion had already lost more than half of its strength and been rendered ineffective by the time the Emperor of Darkness was surprise attacked, while the right battalion was led by an elder who had all along been unfriendly with and secretly opposed the Emperor of Darkness, and he was thus unwilling to enter the battle. The front, back, and left battalions were led by the Emperor of Darkness, and, having fought fiercely up to this day, had also suffered extremely terrible losses.

As time passed, the final battalion in the Unmoving City of Darkness was on the verge of collapse, and could not be sustained for too much longer.

“Horrible, to think that some nobles had actually assisted the Invaders this time. Who would’ve thought that they’d do something so crazy to dispose of my Emperor… Otherwise, the Unmoving City of Darkness wouldn’t have fallen into such passivity.”

There was resentment in Wang Jianru’s heart.

As shrewd as she was, she felt like she was making bricks without straw, and was unable to hold on much longer.

“Why is the elder’s reinforcements still not here?” She looked at a messenger official to the side and frowned, asking, “Wasn’t it said that the troops were already on the way? Half a day has passed, enough time for them to crawl their way to the battlefield even. Why are they still nowhere to be seen?”

“This… I’ll send someone to hasten them at once,” the official hurriedly replied, looking embarrassed.

A while later.

“Adviser, the chief commander of the right army has replied, saying that their battleships don’t have enough energy resources and armor, and so it was difficult to form an army. They’re now rushing here, and they say...” The returning official’s expression became increasingly embarrassed and angry. After a brief hesitation, he continued, “They have requested that you allocate pay and provisions for their troops first, and would definitely get here as soon as they have replenished.”

These were all excuses.

The right army had not joined the battle but was making all kinds of excuses to request more military pay and provisions, hoping to shirk their responsibilities despite already getting ten times more of those things than they usually got. Even a fool could tell that they were clearly seeking to make use of this opportunity to coerce and extort more military resources.

At the same time, Elder Shen Lingzhi was seeking to assist the Invaders and thereby deplete the battalions loyal to the Emperor of Darkness, and was clearly delaying things on purpose.

“Hoho, they can’t raise a battalion despite having ten times more provisions than usual. Is this a battalion of gluttons?” Wang Jianru sneered, finally losing all patience, and no longer counted on the strength from the elder’s faction. “It looks like Shen Lingzhi has resolved to betray my Emperor. Dispatch my order that there will be no provisions, while the right army has two hours… No, one hour to get to the battlefield. If they are late, they will definitely be in deep trouble when the Emperor returns.”

The anger in her heart had already reached its limits.

She had held out a glimmer of expectation toward Elder Shen Lingzhi at first, hoping that he could forget about the inner contest for power and profit and fight against a common enemy while there were Invaders from outside. This venerated elder had fallen into degeneration and did not have a sense of honor or shame, losing any moral quality that he once had.

“I obey your command.”

The official left to send word at once.

As Wang Jianru listened carefully to the war cries, her gaze involuntarily turned toward the distant east. She had dispatched Lingyun to Royal City to seek reinforcements not only because she had a glimmer of expectation toward the Guardian camp, but also because she had some hope for
that
person.

It had been some time since that fellow had entered Royal City. Although she had little communication with him and did not know how he was progressing in Royal City, she felt that, given his ability and charisma, he should already have gained a certain status, and could probably persuade the army headquarters to dispatch troops… In any case, that fellow was always able to cause a surprise.

A faint, gentle smile flashed momentarily at the corner of her lips.

Her eyes subsequently became as piercing as burning flames.

…

A hundred kilometers outside the battlefield.

A large dragon-shaped battleship was drifting leisurely in the void. Most of the armored soldiers on the deck had an expression of anger and shame on their faces. As they looked at the raging and bloody battlefield in the distance, they itched to charge forth and attack the enemy immediately.

On the purgatory-like battlefield were their fellow officers whom they used to drink, sing, and train together with. They had vowed on a day of sweat and scorching sun that they would kill enemies, bleed, and die together. Yet, on this day, they were prevented from joining the battlefield by the elder, and could only watch on as their comrades bled and died…

Only a few high-status and noble officers had a listless expression on their faces while laughing casually, as if the war cries from the distant battlefield were just music to go with their drink.

They were the trusted subordinates of Elder Shen Lingzhi, drawn over by the power and wealth offered them by the latter. They had committed themselves to following him, and had secretly betrayed the Emperor of Darkness Song Xiaojun a long time ago. As they had already lost the honor and martial heart of a martialist from the Unmoving City of Darkness, they did not feel the least bit anxious.

Behind this large battleship were at least five hundred battleships drifting in the void and waiting quietly.

Songs played using a sizhu could be heard from the VIP cabin on the large battleship.

Shen Lingzhi was entertaining guests.

Eight female dancers of graceful bearing, wearing thin white gauze dresses, were gyrating their bodies while appearing and disappearing from concealed positions in a highly seductive manner, with their bare white feet, which nails were colored in nutmeg polish, stepping on the cloud carpet. Their skill in song and dance were unmatched. Wreathed by a white mist, they each brought to mind the Moon Fairy, all cold and noble, making anyone who watched them feel as if in paradise.

“Haha, I’ve long heard that the elder has eight female singers of absolute beauty. They are called the [Eight Fairies of the Moon Palace], possessing supreme beauty and skill. Having seen them today, they’re indeed top-notch in the human world.” The speaker was a pot-bellied officer, wearing a set of divine armor that only the king-level nobles in the Guardian camp were qualified to wear. His squinted eyes were gazing at the eyes of the female singers in the middle of the place, in the same manner as a rabbit staring at a newly-grown carrot, itching to swallow the whole of it in one mouthful.

“You’re flattering, Deputy Commander Xie. If you like, these eight singers shall be yours from now onward.” Shen Lingzhi generously offered.

“Uh, that’s too generous of you...” Deputy Commander Xie was taken slightly aback but became delighted at once. “Alright, I shan’t decline then.”

“Haha, it’s my honor that you accept them.” Shen Lingzhi revealed a joyful look, albeit he did not quite feel the same way inwardly.

After a pause, Shen Lingzhi opportunistically added, “In accordance with your instructions, I’ve already ordered the right army not to move and provide reinforcement. At present, that bloodstained adviser from god-knows-where is probably already out of resources. It’s funny speaking of it. Such a character has never appeared before in the Unmoving City of Darkness, yet this person suddenly popped up at this time and somehow gained the deep trust of the Emperor of Darkness, acquiring a status even higher than the trusted Wang Jianru back then. Her methods and strength are extremely terrifying. If not for her actions, the Unmoving City of Darkness would not have been able to hold up a long time ago… When this matter is over, I hope that you would be able to say a few good words in front of the four top commanders on my behalf. As long as I become the Emperor of the Unmoving City of Darkness, I’ll definitely not decline any instructions you have for me in the future.”

“Haha, don’t worry, this matter has been decided already. That bitch Song Xiaojun is probably a bag of bones by this time. After her trusted lackeys have died in battle, the Unmoving City of Darkness will definitely become yours. When the four commanders jointly submits a statement to Royal City, the next Emperor of the city will definitely be you.” Deputy Commander Xie felt emboldened, having just accepted the female singers from Shen Lingzhi.

For a time, it was all completely merry in the VIP cabin.

The endless song and dance drowned out the miserable noise of the war cries from a hundred kilometers away.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1186:


Chapter 1201 - Entering the Battlefield

The dragon galloped as fast as light and covered a distance of ten thousand kilometers in an instant.

Ye Qingyu silently exerted the power of laws and this made the Black Heavenly Dragon look like it was tunneling through space. It moved so quickly that it covered a distance of tens of thousands of kilometers with a single move.

Lingyun had taken three to five days to make the journey from the Great Wall of the Western Regions but this time, it merely took him less than two hours to return to the Western Regions.

"He's so fast!" Lingyun exclaimed in shock.

He, along with many other martial artists, had heard legends of Martial Emperors and their unbelievable divine abilities but he had never seen a true Martial Emperor, nor could he fathom the power of Martial Emperors. Therefore, he was shocked by what he had seen during this journey.

"We'll reach the thirty million-kilometer-long Great Wall in another million kilometers; there is danger further ahead. I was attacked by the Invaders and several waves of mysterious experts here; this was also where I had been critically injured," Lingyun said and looked around warily.

Ye Qingyu nodded but remained silent.

Sure enough, there were hidden ripples in the void up ahead that carefully attempted to mask their killing intent. These hidden ripples approached them discreetly like ghosts in the shadows and they were extremely skilled in the art of hiding and escaping.

The mysterious attackers had appeared.

"Reveal yourselves," Ye Qingyu said as he stretched out his hand. Then, the void twisted and three figures were summoned toward him from the space barrier. They were like fish, scooped out from the water and they immediately found that they couldn't even struggle out of his grip.

"Who... are you?" their leader exclaimed in horror, unable to believe that he had been captured so easily from a distance of several thousand meters by this strange man despite his skills and his discretion. He was so shocked and flustered that his disguise slipped and used the official language of the Guardians camp.

"Who are you? Are you noblemen of Royal City?" Ye Qingyu asked as he stared straight at them.

At the same time, mist produced by Emperor qi circulated in the surroundings and carved out the void, so the Black Heavenly Dragon continued to charge ahead rapidly, without losing pace.

"Humph, it's just Lingyun... Haha, I didn't expect you to actually return with reinforcements. Haha, you've only brought one man and no matter how heaven-defying his abilities are, do you really think that he'd be able to turn the tide around? Hahaha," another man said with a cold laugh. He looked at them haughtily as he continued, "I am a nobleman of the camp and I'm acting on my orders to kill the rebellious Sinner Lingyun but who are you? Since you're traveling with Lingyun, are you a Sinner as well? Aren't you aware that our four supreme commanders have already forbidden the other Sinner armies from lending aid to the Unmoving City of Darkness? Release my comrades and me right now."

He immediately revealed his identity and his tone was admonishing.

The other two figures did not seem too flustered even after they had been caught, and also looked at Ye Qingyu with disdain.

Ye Qingyu frowned.

They were indeed the noblemen of the Guardians' camp.

He knew that he'd be wasting time if he tried to interrogate them, so he remained silent. He mentally scanned through the memories of these three figures and found out everything they knew. His face gradually filled with rage and killing intent swirled around him, then these three noblemen transformed into bloody mist with three loud pops and disappeared from the world.

Lingyun was secretly stunned.

He had already heard whispers of how Ye Qingyu would kill without uttering a single word. Nonetheless, when he saw these noblemen from Royal City being slaughtered like chickens, he felt that this was at odds with his perception of this world. The Sinners were always told that the noblemen had control over everything and that their authority could not be challenged.

Soon, there was a patch of dark clouds in the skies up ahead.

Black shadows covered the sky and these shadows surged out from the void like swarms of bees. They let out piercing shrieks that sounded like the howls of millions of vengeful spirits and immediately turned this part of the world into a living hell. It was a terrifying sight to behold.

"These are the Invaders," Lingyun cried and exclaimed. Then he added, "What's going on? How did the Invaders manage to come this far? Does this mean that the Unmoving City of Darkness has fallen? Impossible."

Lingyun suddenly looked extremely anxious.

Ye Qingyu rose to his feet and as he opened his eyes, two rays of purple divine splendor shot out from them like blazing flames. These two purple rays instantly swept across heaven and earth and those black shadows that swarmed out of the void immediately burned like dry twigs. Most of the Invaders were burned alive in a few seconds and vanished without a trace.

There were only three survivors and these three had been summoned to Ye Qingyu with his divine abilities. Then, he exerted his power of laws and shrunk them to the size of his fist and they appeared in his palm, shrieking and struggling.

"So these are the Invaders," he said with some surprise as he bowed his head to examine the creatures in his hand.

The Invaders that he captured were all black skeletons.

He saw a human skeleton, a dragon beast skeleton, and an avian skeleton. All three skeletons were of varying shapes, but they were all completely black and seemed to be carved from black jade. Their eyes shone with bright red flames that seemed like blazing balls of fire that emitted a violent and murderous aura.

He was surprised because these skeletons looked very similar to the skeletons that had crawled out from the tombstones at the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, just after the heavens and earth had undergone a huge change.

In particular, the human skeleton's shape and aura were an exact match with the skeletons that he had encountered, but was merely much smaller because he had used his power of laws to shrink it.

The Invaders, the Chaotic Region, the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss...

These three had to be related in some way
, he thought.

Then, he exerted his Emperor qi and these three skeletons also transformed into ashes that scattered in the sky.

He increased his speed and at his mental command, the barrier of the void split apart in front of him and a huge crack could vaguely be seen.

This was a crack in space.

He used his incredible divine abilities to tear the void apart and broke the limits of the lands to cross a distance of several million kilometers.

There was a fierce battle being fought on the other end of the crack. Blood flowed like the river, bones were littered everywhere, countless people yelled as they killed their way through the battlefield, bodies kept plummeting down from the skies, a blood river circulated in the firmament that gushed down like a blood-colored waterfall...

"This is the battlefield of the Unmoving City..." Lingyun muttered. Tears sprang to his eyes and he immediately recognized this place. "They are still fighting... they are still hanging on. My god, the battlefield looks so horrific; I have to join them," he yelled and immediately rushed toward the crack in space.

Ye Qingyu tunneled through the crack in space after Lingyun but arrived at the center of the battlefield before him.

"Where is your military counselor?" he asked and his voice echoed all around heaven and earth; his Emperor qi circulated all around.

All living creatures who were engaged in a fierce battle were immediately struck with an inexplicable terror and their souls quivered in shock. Then, they all couldn't help but turn to look in Ye Qingyu's direction.

"He's one of us..." The battalion commander of the Unmoving City's military headquarters was covered in blood and had lost an arm, but he kept on fighting on the battlefield. He was stunned when he first saw Ye Qingyu but when he sensed his aura, he immediately yelled in excitement and stirred up his troops.

The surviving soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness also cheered in excitement.

The aura and the appearance of this expert who had appeared out of nowhere was nothing like an Invader. Instead, he was someone from the Dark Realm, so he was definitely here to help them. Moreover, they could tell that he was a terrifying top-level expert.

Screech——!

A long screech that sounded extremely ferocious ripped through the air as a bone dragon skeleton that was several thousand meters tall cast a large shadow over the void and charged toward Ye Qingyu. It opened its large mouth and looked as though it was about to swallow him whole.

This was a black bone dragon Invader that was as strong as a Quasi-emperor. He flew around the battlefield and his attacks were extremely cunning and cruel. He had already swallowed countless soldiers who were Sinners from the Unmoving City of Darkness and now he made a silent attack, and its target was none other than Ye Qingyu.

"Watch out!" the one-armed battalion commander cried out a warning and his face turned pale.

By the time Ye Qingyu turned around, this black bone dragon skeleton's mouth was already right in front of him. His figure looked like it had already been swallowed by this skeleton from afar and countless soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness watched on in horror and shock. However, the next moment, they heard him cry out, "Get lost!"

Sound waves exploded from his mouth and Dao sounds surged to form an incredibly destructive force.

The black bone dragon's skull instantly shattered and turned into dust as though it was made of flour. Then, its body that was almost a thousand meters tall seemed to break apart as though it was a paper dragon that had been swept into a tempest. It was reduced to nothing but dust in less than three breaths, vanishing in the void.

The battlefield immediately fell silent.

Everyone who witnessed the sight couldn't help but gape in astonishment.

That was a cunning and cruel bone dragon Invader who had been as strong as a Quasi-emperor and no one had managed to restrain it earlier. He had been invincible within a certain part of the battlefield and yet, he was now killed by someone else's roar when he had made the first move, as though it were a bubble that had been popped.

This was a miracle!

Countless pairs of eyes stared at Ye Qingyu.

Who exactly was this man?

However, Ye Qingyu didn't really notice their stares since it had only taken a single thought to kill that bone dragon Invader. He scanned his surroundings and spotted Wang Jianru.

The battle was very fierce in the void ahead and hundreds of Invaders of varying shapes were ferociously attacking a black flagship. There was a figure on the flagship who wore a bloodstained mask, displaying amazing sword techniques as she continued to kill the Invaders. She might be wearing a mask, but he could tell from her aura that she was definitely Wang Jianru.

"Kill!" Ye Qingyu reached this part of the battlefield in one step.

"Teacher, I've arrived," Ye Qingyu said and the soundwaves echoed outward once again.

This was a fiendgod soundwave battle technique recorded in the bronze book of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. He was speaking to Wang Jianru but as the sound waves, Emperor qi, and power of laws surged, three or four Invaders that were the closest to him were immediately reduced to dust and scattered in the void.

Wang Jiangru looked up; a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on her gorgeous face under the mask.

She was extremely well-read and intelligent, so the moment Ye Qingyu appeared and made his move, she immediately realized that this poor kid who had once been her student had reached the pinnacle of this era's martial way... Had he managed to create yet another unbelievable miracle that seemed to be the stuff of legends in such a short time?

Wang Jianru might be deeply clever, prepared, and her martial heart was already impervious to the desires of man, but when she saw Ye Qingyu, she was still incredibly astounded. Her heart was filled with indescribable happiness and she immediately relaxed.

This kid really managed to rush over in time'

Not only had he arrived, he now also possessed a power that could turn the situation around.

The outcome had already been decided.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1187:



=

Chapter 1202 - Absolutely Impossible

The outcome had indeed been decided.

This was the soldiers' first encounter with a Martial Emperor and they realized that a Martial Emperor's terrifying power was exactly like how the legends had described it to be.

Countless crystalline snowflakes suddenly appeared in the void and danced through the void like white elves. These snowflakes immediately filled the skies and the earth and all the Invaders who came in contact with the snowflakes were immediately turned into ice sculptures regardless of their cultivation and this also included huge Invaders of peak Quasi-emperor cultivation. These ice sculptures then plummeted to the ground and shattered into shards of ice that clattered everywhere.

The battle ended with the appearance of the wind and snowflakes.

Millions of Invaders had swarmed into the Great Wall from the crack in the Unmoving City of Darkness, but as the wind and snowflakes danced across the skies, all these Invaders were destroyed and there was no room for escape or for them to struggle out of this hopeless situation.

The yells and howls of slaughter instantly came to a halt.

The soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness who were covered in blood and missing limbs looked at this legendary sight in disbelief, unable to wrap their minds around it.

They could not believe their eyes. How could the Invaders who had swarmed into the city like a never ending stream of hellish monsters and who they had battled for an entire month only to find themselves on the verge of defeat suddenly all turn into dust with one wave from this god-like man?

This battle had erupted without warning and had ended in an even more abrupt manner.

"Ah..." an injured soldier who had almost been sliced into two from the waist and who was of peak Great Saint cultivation suddenly cried out in alarm when a snowflake fell from the sky and landed between his brows.

He saw that those Invaders had instantly turned into ice sculptures when these snowflakes landed on their foreheads and died without a place of burial, so he had associated these snowflakes with the grim reaper. Now that this snowflake had landed on his body, he was incredibly frightened and thought that he was about to die.

Cries of alarm rang out from various parts of the battlefield as well.

Snowflakes had also landed on the foreheads of the many soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Did this god-like man mean to kill them all after killing the Invaders?

The same thought crossed the minds of countless soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness.

However, contrary to their expectations, death did not befall them.

After the snowflake landed between their brows, it quickly turned into a cooling sensation that spread throughout their bodies and released an abundant vitality to replenish their foundations on the martial way and heal their injuries. As this cooling sensation worked its magic, all injuries were completely healed in a matter of four to five breaths, regardless of how critical these injuries had been.

Many soldiers stared at their limbs that had once been broken in astonishment. Their horrific injuries healed in front of their eyes, the pain vanished, and the fatigue that they had felt receded like a wave. They suddenly felt their energy levels reach an all-time high and this feeling was just like they had emerged from a long period of rest.

"How could this be?" the battalion commander marveled at these changes.

He had led his men in battle earlier and almost exhausted all his yuan qi. He would have withered away after the battle even if he managed to survive but now, he felt the essence of his foundation be completely replenished and even sensed that it had become even more powerful than before.

My god.

What kind of power was that?

The battalion commander was a seven-step peak Quasi-emperor, but these changes in his body still left him completely dumbfounded.

He saw that this phenomenon did not only affect him but all his comrades were also experiencing the same changes in their bodies. No matter how critical their injuries were, as long as they still had one breath left in them, their injuries would heal and their cultivation would be restored after the snowflakes that filled the sky landed between their brows.

His entire body started to shake when he realized what was happening.

This battle had almost completely destroyed the various battle divisions of the Unmoving City of Darkness, especially the main battle division that was loyal to the Emperor of Darkness. They had lost half their soldiers while the survivors were all critically injured. Countless soldiers had their Dao foundation destroyed and lost their will to fight. In other words, the elite battle divisions that had pledged their loyalty to the Emperor of Darkness were on the verge of being disbanded, so even if they had won the battle, the Unmoving City of Darkness would be a shadow of its former self.

However, after these snowflakes that were like divine pills fell from the sky, the surviving soldiers were completely healed and their origin power had even been upgraded. These were all brave soldiers who had experienced and fought valiantly in battle, so as long as they managed to survive with their combat strength intact, the Unmoving City of Darkness could maintain its strength.

"Many thanks, my lord."

"All hail the divine king!"

"A deity, he must be a diety who descended from the heavens."

Loud cheers suddenly rang out from the battlefield and this broke the silence that had hung in the air. The soldiers of the Unmoving City of Darkness who had come back to their senses quickly knelt and bowed in Ye Qingyu's direction. They worshipped him like a divine king and seemed extremely pious.

"Military Adviser, this man is from Royal City..." Lingyun started. He was similarly drenched in blood despite only battling for a short period of time. He hurriedly flew toward the flagship and made the introductions before Wang Jianru could, afraid that the military adviser would accidentally provoke the ire of the new Emperor. Lingyun regarded this new Emperor with awe and fear after witnessing how ruthless this new Emperor could be along the journey. He knew that the Unmoving City of Darkness would definitely not be spared if they provoked the rage of the new Emperor.

However, Lingyun forgot what kind of bond Ye Qingyu and Wang Jianru shared.

Wang Jianru smiled under her bloodstained mask. Her eyes twinkled and she waved off Lingyun's words with a smile as she looked at Ye Qingyu and said, "You've managed to come in time. If you arrived three to five days later, I'm afraid you might have had to bury my corpse then."

Ye Qingyu bowed and said, "Greetings, teacher. Where is Xiaojun?"

Although he was already a Martial Emperor, he was still filled with respect toward Wang Jianru who had once guided him along his martial way and protected Song Xiaojun single-handedly. Thus, he bowed solemnly at her. Both him and Song Xiaojun respected and treated Wang Jianru like their guide in life.

Wang Jianru smiled and said, "I'm no longer worthy of receiving such a formal bow from you. Ha ha, Xiaojun has entered the battlefield in space..."

...

...

The sounds of song and dance filled a big black ship.

Deputy Commander Xie had his arms around two courtesans in the VIP cabin and his hands boldly roamed around their exquisite bodies that were only concealed by a thin layer of gauzy fabric. There was another courtesan who knelt beside him and fed him wine and fresh fruits.

Elder Shen Lingzhi cocked his head and listened. Then, he said with some confusion, "I can't hear any movement from the battlefield a hundred kilometers away. Has the battle ended?"

"Ha ha, it is a miracle that the lousy military adviser managed to hang on until now. I guess their armies must have been completely wiped out by now," Deputy Commander Xie mumbled. He had beautiful women in his embrace and his mouth was full of great wine, so he had completely given in to the sensual pleasures of life.

"That's great," Shen Lingzhi stood up and rubbed his palms excitedly. Then, there was a flash of worry in his eyes as he mused rhetorically, "If the military adviser perished, then her men would probably be either dead or critically injured, but what about the Invaders that swarmed in... it will be difficult dealing with them." The right military division under him would not be able to handle them all.

"Ha ha ha, don't worry. These Invaders are under the control of Supreme Commander Yang. All he needs to do is to issue a military order and they would quietly leave the city," Deputy Commander Xie had a little too much to drink and accidentally blurted out this astonishing secret in a moment of tipsiness.

Supreme Commander Yang was one of the four supreme commanders of the Great Wall - Yang Qinhu. He was extremely powerful and influential and was one of the men who controlled the thirty million-kilometer long Great Wall. He was also Deputy Commander Xie's superior and was as terrifying as a demon-king. Yet, according to Deputy Commander Xie, this man seemed to have struck a deal with the Invaders. This news was bound to stun the world if it got out.

Shen Lingzhi seemed to have already guessed that this was the case. He seemed slightly surprised but soon regained his composure. He was secretly thrilled and quickly bowed, "I'll be counting on Deputy Commander Xie to handle this. Ha ha, after this matter is resolved, I'll be sure to reward you greatly."

Deputy Commander Xie's eyes flashed with greed and he nodded, "Very well, Elder Shen Lingzhi... City Lord Shen Lingzhi, you are truly a man of your word. Ha ha, you will rule over the Unmoving City of Darkness from now on. Please don't ignore my requests if I require your assistance in the future."

"You can count on me, ha ha. Thanks for your auspicious words..." Shen Lingzhi was thrilled. His long-cherished dream had always been to become City Lord and rule over the Unmoving City of Darkness and now, his dream had been realized. He forced himself to remain calm and said, "Oh yes, as for that bitch named Song Xiaojun, her whereabouts are still unknown. She wouldn't be returning, right? She is far too powerful and I'm not her match..."

Deputy Commander Xie threw his head back and laughed as he said," Don't worry. Everything is under control. He he, this bitch is inconsequential and she won't be able to stage a comeback. He he, we might even be able to capture her alive and she might even become a female slave with a little training. Ha ha ha, she would be a rare commodity."

Shen Lingzhi immediately felt reassured by Deputy Commander Xie's words.

He suddenly felt as though he had never been this relaxed in his life.

Hurried footsteps sounded outside the door and a high-ranking nobleman from the right army pushed open the door and blurted out in panic, "My lord, my lord, it's a disaster..."

Shen Lingzhi's expression hardened and immediately gave this military officer a hard slap as he growled, "Why are you so flustered? I'll skin you alive if you spoil Deputy Commander Xie's good mood..."

The appearance of this military officer at this time had killed the joyous atmosphere earlier.

The military officer crashed against the wall and fell in a bloody heap. He didn't dare to breathe and quickly got on his knees to beg for mercy. His body trembled as he said, "Please spare me, grand elder. I... I had urgent news to report and didn't dare to delay my report. Please spare me..."

Shen Lingzhi frowned and said, "Go on, what's the matter?"

"Grand Elder, the battle that had raged on a hundred kilometers away had ended and the battlefield is littered with the corpses of all the Invaders that had swarmed in..." the military officer stammered in fear.

"What?" Shen Lingzhi said as his face turned pale.

Deputy Commander Xie's expression froze for a moment before he said, "That’s impossible."

This couldn't have happened since they had meticulously planned this battle and had controlled the numbers and strength of the Invaders. It was already a miracle that the front, back, and left army divisions of the Unmoving City of Darkness had managed to last this long. How did they manage to wipe out the Invaders?

"What exactly happened?" Shen Lingzhi was no longer able to remain calm.

"I heard that Lingyun managed to come back with reinforcements after he went to Royal City and the man who accompanied him to the Unmoving City of Darkness was extremely powerful and managed to turn the tide..." the military officer mumbled with his head bowed in fear and he didn't even dare to breathe.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1188:


Chapter 1203 - I Am Here

"What? Lingyun managed to return alive?" Shen Lingzhi exclaimed in shock. He bellowed angrily, "Didn't we send men to kill him? How did he manage to come back?"

"Uh... I don't know," the messenger bowed his head deeply.

"You're completely useless."

Shen Lingzhi's heart blazed with anger and he was so livid that his body could have gone up in flames. The fact that the plan had almost succeeded but failed at the very last moment made him even angrier.

Deputy Commander Xie who held a courtesan in each of his arms rose to his feet and exclaimed in shock, "Lingyun? The Quasi-emperor who recently escaped from the Unmoving City of Darkness? He should have been sending himself to his death by traveling to Royal City. The noblemen commanders at Royal City would have never let him leave the city alive. How did he manage to summon reinforcements and even single-handedly turn the tide of the battle? How is it possible?"

He no longer had the mood the enjoy the services of these beauties.

This surprising turn of events introduced several unpredictable variables to the plans that they had already laid out, so it was a huge blow to his morale.

"Let's go. I want to see who exactly is this almighty person who turned the situation around. Royal City would never send a powerful expert, so he might be a wanderer from the more remote outskirts of Central City. He must be courting death by meddling in our business. How dare he spoil Supreme Commander Yang Qinhu's grand plans? He's definitely going to pay for it with his life," Deputy Commander Xie said through gritted teeth.

Shen Lingzhi nodded grimly.

He refused to admit that their plans had failed. They absolutely had to get rid of Song Xiaojun's trusted subordinates this time. If the outlook wasn't good, he would even command the right army to kill the surviving forces of the bloodstained military adviser.

They issued a string of commands.

The main ship of the right army released a military signal, then the right army battleships that had been observing the battle from afar for two whole weeks finally started to move and their engines roared as they shot toward the main battlefield.

They soon arrived at the space above the battlefield.

"How could this happen?" Shen Lingzhi and Deputy Commander Xie stood at the helm of the ship and stared at the scene down below with their trusted subordinates. Everyone seemed incredibly astonished.

They had expected this battlefield to be littered with bodies and covered in blood, but it was completely covered by beautiful snow. The mountains, river, and marshlands were covered in pure white snow and there was no trace of the pungent stench of blood. They could see the icy cold wind and snow dancing through the air.

Shen Lingzhi was even more astonished by the fact that the front, back, and left battle divisions of the Unmoving City of Darkness was not weakened and exhausted like he had assumed they would be. More than half of the soldiers had survived the battle and every single soldier seemed to be in great spirits and completely unharmed. They looked exactly like battle-ready troops.

"Summon the Bloodstain Military Adviser to me," Deputy Commander Xie yelled from the helm of the ship.

This humiliating loss had angered him and he was unable to accept this reality. How had Song Xiaojun's closest and most trusted subordinates managed to avoid a complete annihilation?

Soon, Wang Jianru who wore her bloodstained mask and several surviving high-ranking military officers of the Unmoving City of Darkness arrived at the big ship.

"What exactly happened?" Deputy Commander Xie said in a roar.

"My lord, are you asking how we managed to kill all the Invaders who breached the Great Wall despite the fact that we lacked the support of the right army?" Wang Jianru asked with a cold laugh, the contempt in her voice clear as she continued, "You seem to be disappointed."

"Humph, cut the crap," Deputy Commander Xie said sinisterly. "Even if you managed to wipe out all the Invaders, this is nothing to be proud of. The fact that the Invaders had breached the Great Wall is a serious crime itself and you will not be able to escape punishment for this crime. Men, lock them all up as we await further orders from the supreme commander."

"Yes, sir!" the noblemen military officers who were already on standby came forward with their handcuffs and chains.

"You've gone too far," Lingyun couldn't help himself and stepped forward. "Do you really dare to capture us? If you've committed a terrible deed, others will inevitably hear about it. Humph, as for how the Invaders managed to breach the Great Wall, well, I'm sure you should know more than we do. I can't believe that such a shameless person like yourself exists in this world. You're worse than beasts."

"How dare you slander my good name?" Deputy Commander Xie was livid and said, "Men, behead him right now and cut off his tongue. This man's actions are absolutely outrageous."

"Wait," Wang Jianru who wore her bloodstained mask stepped forward and said, "Deputy Commander Xie, you keep insisting that the citizens of the Unmoving City of Darkness are all guilty of committing a crime. If we are going to be locked up despite giving our all in battle, then what about Shen Lingzhi? As a grand elder of the Unmoving City of Darkness, this old dog held the right army back, rejected military orders, and refused to lend help in battle. Isn't this man's crime more severe? Capture us if you will, but please kill this old dog before you do. Otherwise, your words fail to be convincing."

Countless pairs of eyes turned toward Shen Lingzhi.

This was especially true for the military officers of the four major battle divisions who stood behind Wang Jianru. Their eyes were as piercing as knives as though they couldn't wait to tear that traitor apart. If anyone still respected him as the grand elder of the city before the battle erupted, all goodwill they had toward him had completely vanished.

Shen Lingzhi's face was devoid of any expression. He acted as though this had nothing to do with him and ignored the hateful stares.

"Convincing?" Deputy Commander Xie said as he scoffed coldly, "Who cares whether you're convinced by my words? You're merely a bunch of lowly Sinners. Don't forget that the Sinners' blood flows through every single one of you. Hehe, Elder Shen Lingzhi only obeys Supreme Commander Yang Qinhu's words, so how dare you question his intentions? Men, capture them all and kill them if they resist."

Deputy Commander Xie was so enraged that he didn't want to reason with them any longer. He would use his status and position in the military to forcibly suppress them and selected the most violent method to make up for their losses.

The noblemen experts of the Guardians who had been lying in wait quickly surrounded Wang Jianru and the others. The Sinners were enraged but they could not do anything about it because they were Sinners and occupied the lowest rung of society. They couldn't resist capture and if they injured a nobleman expert, this would not only result in a death sentence for them, their friends and family would also be punished, resulting in extremely dire consequences.

"Hehe," Shen Lingzhi laughed coldly.

Deputy Commander Xie looked at them menacingly and said, "I'd strongly advise you to surrender without any resistance. Otherwise, there's no reason for the Unmoving City of Darkness to exist any longer..."

The military officers of the Unmoving City were extremely livid, but they did not dare to resist capture and they all looked incredibly miserable.

Wang Jianru was the only person who remained calm and stood quietly where she was.

"How dare you!" Lingyun yelled loudly and stepped in front of them. He raised his hand and revealed a token that shone brightly with silver splendor. "I'd like to see who would dare to attack us today," he continued with a cold laugh.

"Kid, are you courting death by defying orders?" Deputy Commander Xie hadn't expected anyone to brazenly go against him and barked out a cold laugh. He started to contemplate whether he should use leverage on this to kill the Bloodstained Military Adviser and the others on this warship.

Shen Lingzhi attempted to fan the flames and said, "Hehe, defying the orders of a commander is equivalent to staging a rebellion. You must all be accomplices and deliberately let the Invaders into the city. This is a terrible crime and since all of you are full of sinister intentions, you should all be put to death..."

"Shut up, you old son of a bitch," Lingyun yelled disdainfully. "This token belongs to the new sovereign and it represents his presence and authority. As the noblemen of the Guardians, why haven't you fallen to your knees to greet the new sovereign? Are you trying to defy his orders?"

The silver token in his hand released energy waves full of Emperor qi and the laws of Dao circulated. It was as though the authoritative presence of a Martial Emperor had descended upon this place.

Deputy Commander Xie's and Shen Lingzhi's faces turned pale.

"An Emperor token? Where did you get this?" Deputy Commander Xie yelled sceptically.

Lingyun raised the token high, barked out a cold laugh and said, "A new Emperor has emerged in Royal City. He killed Marquis Bloodbone, the King of Zhenyuan, Supreme Commander Skyreach, Supreme Commander Demon Feather, Supreme Commander Lofty Mountain, as well as the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan. His amazing feats have stunned the world but unfortunately, you lot who only ever cared about personal gain had yet to receive this news and are still unaware of the emergence of this new sovereign. The new sovereign was also the one who annihilated the Invaders."

"What?"

"How could this be?"

Deputy Commander Xie and Shen Lingzhi both turned pale with shock at Lingyun's words.

The emergence of a new Emperor?

They had indeed heard about this new sovereign and they also knew of the deaths of the King of Zhenyuan and the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan since news from Royal City would still reach the frontiers.

However, they hadn't heard about the deaths of Supreme Commander Skyreach and the other three Supreme Commanders. When did this happen? How could this be?

Moreover, why would the new Emperor travel all the way to the borders that were fraught with dangers? And how could a lowly Lingyun manage to receive assistance from the new Emperor who was known to be merciless?

Could this be a fake token?

However, the Emperor qi that circulated around the token in Lingyun's hand clearly carried the aura of an invincible expert. This expert must have been like a deity and the authority that this aura exuded brooked no resistance, so did that mean that Lingyun spoke the truth?

Deputy Commander Xie's heart suddenly raced and he became a little apprehensive.

"Impossible," Shen Lingzhi roared. "Why would the new Emperor hand his token to a lowly Sinner? This cannot possibly be true. You must be holding a false Emperor token in your hands. This has to be a lie. Otherwise, if the new Emperor were here, why hasn't he revealed himself?"

"The new Emperor has rushed to the battlefield in the stars to stand with our Emperor of Darkness. Together, they would kill those shady puppet masters manipulating the situation from the shadows. I'm sure he'll return soon... then, you'll be able to see him." Lingyun looked at them with distaste and sympathy, then continued, "I hope that Deputy Commander Xie will still be able to smile when he sees the new sovereign."

Shen Lingzhi and Deputy Commander Xie exchanged a look and they both saw the shock and uneasiness in each other's eyes.

They suddenly had a bad feeling about the situation.

In the vast outer space.

After he smashed the barrier of the void and traveled to the highest point of the firmament, he finally arrived in the vast outer space. Several lonely planets flickered in the distance of the dark and quiet space. It was remote and icy cold, like a place of exile.

Ye Qingyu appeared in the void.

He traveled there without any hesitation and moved as quickly as he could once he received word of Song Xiaojun's whereabouts from Wang Jianru. His divine sense unfurled over the void like a wave and soon, he sensed a familiar energy in the void. It was a pure dark aura, the same dark aura that had been contained within her body when she last appeared at the Vast Thousand Domains.

He found her.

His eyes were filled with purple splendor, sweeping the space and finally spotting her in a faraway distance. She was engaged in a fierce battle and her slender figure was completely surrounded by dozens of highly-skilled experts who attacked her from all directions.

"Girl, hang in there. I am here."

Ye Qingyu's figure transformed into the brightest spark and he charged toward the battlefield.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

