Chapter 1241:


Chapter 1255, Visit

The Light Palace has always had a very special status in the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

Because of the previous two generations of Lords of the Light Palace, the Light Palace vaguely had the power to rule over the empire, but fortunately the Light Palace had never questioned the affairs of the empire and had a special relationship with the imperial family. Thus it had never suffered from the suspicion of the royal family, and instead was always the most important force of the imperial family.

Today both Gao Diping and Wen Wan had shown remarkable power, thus Yu Xiaoxing had personally gone to the Light City to inquire further. She was certain that Wen Wan and others knew some secrets that she did not know, as well as the reason for this sudden wave of beast tide.

And in the face of the Heavenly Empress, Gao Diping and Wen Wan also dared not to be disrespectful.

Inside the fire woods, the two men told Yu Xiaoxing about some secrets.

It wasn’t until sunset of that day that Yu Xiaoaxing left.

What kind of story was behind this, Yu Xiaoxing did not tell to others.

But after she returned to the palace, the first thing she did was order the empire to immediately enter battle state, and then ordered the Lords of the four major foreign races of the Northeast, Northwest, North and South to enter a state of readiness. However, she did not send troops to support the Imperial capital. At the same time, the great demon army of the Snow Ground Demon Court that was already traveling southward was ordered to withdraw and return to Youyan Pass, to be stationed at the north of the empire with Lu Zhaoge.

And the imperial Snow capital was on full alert.

The majority of the damaged formations had been repaired by Gao Diping, while the other imperial formation masters were working hard to restore the other parts. The military in the entire imperial capital was operating in an orderly manner like a sophisticated machine.

Gao Diping and the others had made several attempts to find the reason why the Domain Gate of Heaven Wasteland Domain was sealed, but unfortunately to no success. The sealing force was too mysterious. Gao Diping, Wen Wan and others were not experts in formations and thus were unable to break the seal.

“If Divine General Shang or Divine General Jue was around, it will definitely be possible to crack the power of this seal,” Wen Wan said resentfully.

Among the five Divine Generals, Divine Generals Gong, Zhi and Yu, three divine generals had already appeared. In the Battle of Light City, even the [Martial Artist of Shadow] had shown up, but Divine General Shang and Divine General Jue were still nowhere to be seen. Even Gao Diping and the others did not know about their whereabouts. These two divine generals were a couple, most skilled at the way of formations, and had once killed peerless experts with formations alone. They had received the handed-down teachings and techniques of the Light Divine Emperor, but for some reason had disappeared together.

In the end, Wen Wan suggested that Yu Xiaoxing and other higher-ups of the empire to temporarily leave the imperial palace and enter the Light City.

“When the map is unrolled, the dagger is revealed. Since Wild Ox had escaped he will certainly notify the Sky Emperor, and at that time he will come in person.” Wen Wan said, “Snow capital will be very dangerous at that time, even if there are millions of troops and countless formations, it will still be difficult to block the footsteps of the Sky Emperor.” It was Wen Wan and Gao Diping who suggested the Empress to not summon the different foreign races and their respective military army into the imperial capital, because in the face of the Sky Emperor, no matter how many troops and living beings there are, all would just be buried and not be able to hinder him in any way.

Yu Xiaoxing accepted Wen Wan's suggestion.

On that day, the real pillars and higher-ups of the empire, including Lin Zheng, Li Guangbi, and Yu Feiyan had temporarily entered Light City and laid down a lot of arrangements to prepare for the arrival of the Sky Emperor.

In the whole process, they did not give up on breaking the seal of Heaven Wasteland Domain, but there was no success in the end. Yan Xingtian had repeatedly urged the Heaven Wasteland Empire to contact Ye Qingyu right away, but there was no way to contact him now. The beings of Heaven Wasteland Domain were like turtles trapped in a jar, without the Domain Gate it was impossible to escape.

On the third day.

The scouts from all over the Imperial capital came back to report that they did not find any signs of counterattack from the horde of beasts. The majority of the defeated horde of beasts were detained on the grasslands, and fundamentally were like scattered sand. There was not the slightest sign of a counteroffensive, nor signs that they were being controlled.

More importantly, there was no sign of a continued increase in the number of beasts in Deer City, which had become a den for the beasts. This indicated that the number of beasts of the horde of beasts had not increased, and that the person behind this had no intention of continuing to send more troops into Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In a blink of an eye, another day was over.

The Sky Emperor still had not come as expected.

There was also no sign of arrival of Emperor experts under the Sky Emperor.

But Yu Xiaoxing and the others dared not to let their guard down.

On the fifth day, the wind was warm and the sun was shining beautifully.

The atmosphere in the imperial capital seemed relaxed outwardly, but was incredibly tense. Except for the officers and military of the empire, the ordinary people were unaware that a crisis was imminent. As a result, the atmosphere on the streets was relaxed, and the public was still immersed in the joy of a few days ago. There were streams of people weaving in and out, shops were busy and hawkers were shouting at the top of their voice.

These days, because the people outside the city were accepted in, there were a lot more unfamiliar faces in the city.

Approximately ten kilometers away from Light City, on the main road of the imperial family's street, a party of about twenty people were casually touring the imperial capital. The leader was tall and somewhat burly, dressed in a common linen robe, with half his face masked by his fur hood. What was strange was that there was a faint blue brilliance lingering around his body.

And every one of the more than twenty people behind him was also not ordinary at all. They all exuded a faint majesty that was evidently being suppressed, and when martial artists brushed past them they felt an instinctive soul-shivering pressure.

This party of people was obviously not people of the imperial capital, but recently there were many unfamiliar faces, so the people around did not find it strange at all.

“It's been many years since I saw the bustling world.”

The blue figure sighed.

“Your Majesty has not tread upon the secular world for many years, and the living beings, who are struggling in the mortal world are no different to ants to your Majesty.” One of the entourage behind him laughed.

“That's not right. The living beings of the mortal world, although weak, should still be respected. They, like us, had been painfully struggling and pursuing their goal in the earthly oven. It's just that what they seek is different from us, but in essence, even the ultimate goal of survival that a little beast seeks is no different to our pursuit of the great Dao and eternal life. We all just want to live,” the blue figure said righteously.

“Your Majesty is insightful, we all understand.”

The entourage behind him bowed respectfully.

The blue figure nodded and continued ahead.

His mind was extremely calm and peaceful, looking around while walking, he seemed very carefree.

His pace was neither slow nor fast, as though he was admiring the beautiful scenery that he had not seen in a long time. Then, all of a sudden he thought of something and couldn't help sighing emotionally. “Back then, I followed the God Emperor to cultivate, had once walked in the mortal world, sought and appreciated the great Dao with the mortal's way and point of view. I was no different to those ordinary living beings. It was only then that I understood something, and took a vital step, unfortunately... now so many years have passed in the blink of an eye, everything is no longer the same. Who will wake up first from the dream? Only I know what my life is.”

The entourage behind him did not dare to answer.

Because they knew that the person mentioned was His Majesty's taboo, and except for His Majesty himself, anyone who dares to mention this person will be severely punished.

The party of people continued to advance.

About half an hour later, they came to the outer area of Light City.

“Stop.”

An imperial soldier immediately discovered them and issued a warning, “This is a restricted area of the imperial military. Please leave, if you enter, you will be killed, please don't make a mistake.”

The blue figure halted.

He looked up at the magnificent city walls of Light City, and lifted the hood that covered half his face, revealing a serene blue face without any facial features. It was so terrifying that the several soldiers who came over to stop them were all frozen in fear.

“It is indeed his style, the aura of the wall... I can smell him.”

The blue figure let out a long sigh.

There were incomparably complex feelings in that sigh.

“I didn’t expect him to be hiding in such a little domain after disappearing for so many years... Yes, this Heaven Wasteland Domain, these years have been linked with the outside world and a Domain Gate has appeared, which is why I couldn’t find any clues before. His way of doing things really should not be underestimated. Unfortunately after that war, he had already become dried bones in a burial mound, and no longer qualified to battle with me again.”

He nodded as he spoke, ignoring the interceptions of the soldiers, and headed straight for the city.

“Stop!”

“Stop there!”

The several soldiers immediately blocked his path.

However, the next moment, there were dark blue flames, without warning, gushing out from the mouth and nose of the several soldiers, and before they could let out a cry of pain were immediately turned to ashes, dissipating in the air.

“What's going on?”

The imperial guards in the distance immediately noticed the scene.

The sound of alarm rang over Light City, before it was intercepted by an invisible force, preventing the sound waves from spreading to the imperial capital outside. Moreover, the ordinary citizens in the imperial capital were unable to see this scene and were still walking along the streets without the slightest surprise.

Countless dark blue flames began to burn within the body of each soldier throughout Light City, burning them to ashes and destroying their souls.

The empire's most elite army had discovered the invaders, but was powerless to stop them.

Waves upon waves of armoured soldiers rushed over only to be turned to ashes by the dark blue flames.

The blue figure and the entourage behind him, just like they were visiting a scenic spot, had very easily broken through all the military defenses outside Light City, and passed the front city gate of Light City, like they were stepping into an uninhabited land. In less than ten seconds, tens of thousands of elite troops had died in battle.

“Huh?”

The fatty who was sat lazily in the sun at the entrance of the main tent suddenly knitted his brows in a frown, realizing that something wasn’t right.

It was then that the blue figure and his group of people came to the main tent of the Light soldier camp.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1242:


Chapter 1256, Count me in

The Light soldier camp was now the most powerful elite force in Light City. In the entire empire there wasn’t a stronger military battle division. It was just that the fatty and the soldiers were not reliable, like some slippery fellows. They had only saved the crisis at the critical moment in a few key battles, thus there were not many people who know the prestige of the Light soldier camp.

The serene blue figure and the others came to a stop at the entrance of the soldier camp.

“Familiar military arrangements.” He ran his eyes across the tents and the defensive layout, catching a trace of the familiar taste. The God Emperor back then was a rare genius, a master of everything, omnipotent, and anyone who received one-thousandth of the God Emperor's inheritance can dominate an area, achieve the position of emperor. The law of formations of the camp before his eyes vaguely exhibited the shadow of the God Emperor.

It was just that this layout hadn't quite captured the essence, it seemed right but was actually wrong.

“He did not set up the formation.”

The blue figure made a judgment.

He was about to step into the camp, when there suddenly came a scream from the inside. He then saw a fatty roll out of the central tent of the camp, like a frightened rabbit, speeding to the depths of Light City without turning his head once.

Adding to this, some light armoured soldier, also, like being chased by a dog, covered their head and scurried away, disappearing behind the distant central city gate.

Even the blue figure was taken aback by the scene.

He never thought something like this would happen.

Since that person established Light City, since that person developed the army camp, then the commanders and soldiers here should be fearless and courageous fellows. Why did they scamper away like rats without any contact?

The entourage behind him stood there gazing at each other blankly.

The scene was sudden and funny.

It was only when the whole Light army camp had become an empty camp that the blue figure slowly came out of his surprise.

“Interesting.”

He smiled.

The party of people continued.

Passing through the central city gate, the path was entirely free of obstruction and hindrance. There wasn't the slightest defensive force, like an empty city. It was evident that all the defensive force had fled.

In the distance, two angry roars could be heard.

“Fatty, put me down, as the commander in chief, how can you flee without a fight, Palace Lord would be disappointed...” It was the voice of Yang Henshui.

“You fatty, you fled from the enemy because of fear, but also tied us to escape with you, you are just afraid that nobody would take the blame for you when Palace Lord finds out. You’re too shameless... let go of me.”  It was the roar of Li Changkong.

Evidently, as generals of the central city area, they wanted to fight to the death, but were tied up by the fatty and dragged away together.

“What battle, it is not worth battling, you would just be throwing away your life. Why make a meaningless struggle, it's better to flee. Even if the sky collapses there would be a tall man to support it.” The voice of the fatty also sounded before they all disappeared into the distance.

The blue figure slightly twitched the corner of his mouth when he heard this.

The group of people had finally arrived in the inner city area of Light City.

In the depths of the fire woods, the Underground Fire Spring was still burning, and the Light Palace was floating in the sky above the Underground Fire Spring. Ye Qingyu had always carried this Palace with him, but then after his strength greatly increased, he left the palace in Heaven Wasteland Domain and was presided over by the little silver dragon. It was the core of Light City, but also the core of the entire imperial capital. It was the most heavily guarded place in the Snow capital.

Yu Xiaoxing and others were on the stone steps at the entrance of the Light Palace.

The soldiers of the Light army camp had already fled to some unknown place, and only fatty, carrying Li Changkong and Yang Henshui, was hiding behind Yu Xiaoxing and others with a frightened look.

The blue figure halted his footsteps, stood in the fire forest, slightly closed his eyes, and shook his head, “Not here.” He was sensing the location of Lan Tian, but he didn't find anything, and thought that he was being concealed by some methods.

But he wasn't worried.

Because since Lan Tian had been confirmed to be in this domain, then there was no way he could escape. It wouldn't be long before he finds him. His eyes fell on Gao Diping and Wen Wan on the stone steps, a smile curving his lips, because in these people, he felt that familiar and long-lost aura. Only the people cultivated by the God Emperor would possess that power and aura.

Once, he also had that aura.

Once, his friends, subordinates, comrades, also had that aura.

It was after that war back then that almost all the people with this aura were killed by him. He had personally, one by one, left everything that was familiar to him back then in the dust of history. For the eternal goal, he would not regret his actions, and even if time was turned back, he would still make the same choice.

Seeing the few people in the distance radiating the same aura, he fell into a trance again, seemingly returned to that period of time that was engraved in his memory.

But it was only for a moment.

With his present status, how well respected was he? He had seen the ups and downs of the mortal world and watched the changes of the vast sea. How stable was his state of mind? The dark blue eyes quickly turned still and peaceful like a rippleless well, as he lifted his head to look at the people on the Light Palace.

“Where is he? Hand him over,” the blue figure said indifferently.

Yu Xiaoxing took a step forward, looking at these twenty figures. At this time she already knew what had happened outside. The entire imperial army that guarded Light City had been wiped out. The loss was disastrous. The people in front of them seemed calm and peaceful, but were all monsters, because standing with the twenty figures was the ox-headed Emperor expert that escaped a few days ago.

“You are the rumored Sky Emperor?” Yu Xiaoxing asked.

“Nonsense, Your Majesty had spoken, you just need to obey, yet you dare to ask a question back. Do you want the Heaven Wasteland Empire to be wiped out?” The Wild Ox Martial Emperor snapped, assuming the condescending attitude he had four days ago.

And the other twenty Martial Emperors of the Dark Realm were already ready to instantly go out to slaughter all the people of the imperial family of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. The countless cases and examples in the past years had proved that one should answer what His Majesty asks, and do what he tells one to do. Anybody who questions him would only be killed. His Majesty hated fools the most, and would never waste time on them.

However, to their surprise, the blue figure simply waved his hand slightly, and was not enraged.

“The imperial qi you carry is second to none in the entire Human Race, is strengthened with the will of the true dragon, and has prosperous destiny. Even the ancient emperors in the past did not possess Emperor qi comparable yours. The Heaven Wasteland Empress indeed lives up to her reputation. You are qualified to ask me one question.” The blue figure showed rare patience. “Yes, I am the rumoured Sky Emperor, but not complete until we find that person. It is only then that I can be considered the complete Sky Emperor.”

“Who do you want us to hand over?” Yu Xiaoxing asked again.

The Sky Emperor’s expression turned indifferent, “Why ask something you already know the answer to? Or are you prepared to use your imperial qi and the destiny of the empire to fight against me? Why do you have to strike a stone with an egg? If you hand over that person, then I won't touch the Heaven Wasteland Empire.”

The entourage behind was slightly surprised.

Because they knew that the Sky Emperor's intention of coming here was to erase the Heaven Wasteland Domain from the Vast Thousand Domains. This was more in line with the way that the Sky Emperor's did things all along. Since Heaven Wasteland Domain may be the nest of the Light Divine Emperor, then he must destroy the root to prevent future trouble. But now, the Sky Emperor had changed his mind and was willing to leave Heaven Wasteland Domain alone... This, what is this about?

In the world of the Light Palace, Yu Xiaoxing felt tremendous pressure.

She had been the Empress of Heaven Wasteland all these years, had unknowingly cultivated the imposing manner of a person in a high-ranking position, and her words and actions would inevitably bring huge psychological pressure to others, which has nothing to do with martial arts. It was the power of a person who ruled over tens of thousands of living beings, but in this moment, in the face of the indifferent Sky Emperor, Yu Xiaoxing couldn't help but feel like a little boat struggling in a storm, as if she would capsize at any time. It was simply difficult to withstand the imposing manner that the other side causally showed.

At this time, Gao Diping gently took a step forward.

An invisible power burst forth, and an invisible mist spread across.

“So many years have passed, the high and mighty Sky Emperor who thinks highly of himself used his million years of cultivation base to pressure a little girl. It really is an eye-opener.” Gao Diping taunted, his imposing manner instantly took the enormous pressure away from Yu Xiaoxing.

The Empress felt relaxed right away.

She straightened her body, her expression grew serious and resolute, and said bluntly, “Although I do not know why you are looking for Lan Tian, but I will never give him to you. If you're that capable then find him yourself. But first you have to go through me.”

Since the Sky Emperor was the enemy of Brother Qingyu then she cannot give him what he wants.

The madness of a woman was sometimes extremely terrifying.

In this moment, Empress Yu Xiaoxing was already prepared to die, even if she had to take the imperial throne and the entire empire with her she would never regret her decision.

The Sky Emperor nodded, “Fine.”

Then he motioned with a wave of his hand, “Kill!”

The twenty sovereigns of the Dark Realm moved past the Sky Emperor, approaching the Light Palace.

The expression on the people on the steps of the Light Palace suddenly turned incomparably solemn.

The atmosphere was suffocating like the air had solidified.

Gao Diping and Wen Wan did not wait for the Empress to say anything, and came down the stairs of the Light Palace side by side to meet the attacks head-on. They planned to use the strength of two people to withstand against over twenty sovereigns. Looking at these two tragic figures, fatty, who was standing behind Yu Xiaoxing, was scared stiff, his face ashen.

A battle was on the verge of breaking out.

At this point, there was a sudden change.

In the distance came the sound of the ocean tide, mixed with Dao sounds, soothing and deep.

Clasping a three-pronged spear, a dark-faced man, who clearly looked as powerful as a fierce general or an iron tower, was dressed like a scholar. He wore a square headcovering, and was coming from the distant sky, riding a giant wave of Dao sounds. In the blink of an eye, he was already above Light City. He pressed down the wave and came to stand with Wen Wan and Gao Diping. He grinned, revealing his spotlessly white teeth, a clear contrast from his dark face.

“You fighting? Count me in,” the dark-faced scholar said——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1243:


Chapter 1257: The three thousand feet of fallen Emperor snow

This person was naturally Ximen Yeshui.

He came to stand beside Wen Wan, and immediately exuded an aura that was in no way inferior to that of Wen Wan. In particular, the three-pronged spear, compared to how it was in the past, had undergone a significant change in appearance. It was now orange-blue, similar to the colour and luster of the sea. Like a spirit refined from the ocean was circulating around, there vaguely was the whooshing sound of the ocean.

But he was also not weaker than Wen Wan.

Neither was he stronger.

Therefore it didn't seem to change anything.

The Sky Emperor, standing in the middle of the fire woods, looked as though he was admiring the scenery. From beginning to end, besides the few words he said to Yu Xiaoxing, he had paid no attention to the other matters, including the mockery of a top expert like Gao Diping. It was clear that in his eyes, Gao Diping and the other Emperor-level experts were no different to ordinary people, all were just like ants.

Even when Ximen Yeshui threateningly came over riding the waves, he also did not cast a glance at him.

A figure slowly came out of the Light Palace.

“It seems that I can't hide for too long, might as well let go and prepare for a battle.” The one who came out was Hon Kong, a smile on his face as though relieved from a burden. He slowly took off the white robe of the Dean of White Deer Academy and very carefully folded it and set it on the steps of a stone pillar in front of the Light Palace. He then stretched his arms and legs. Worn beneath the white robe was unexpectedly a strange orange-coloured light armour.

Empress Yu Xiaoxing, Lin Zheng, Li Guangbi, Yu Feiyan and the others looked at Hon Kong with a strange gaze.

Because they were extremely shocked to find that, with each step that Hon Kong took, his imposing manner soared significantly. In the four or five steps he took, as he came to stand next to Wen Wan and the others, the orange-yellow light aura was already in no way inferior to that of Wen Wan and the others.

Wen Wan was already an expert who had mastered Emperor qi.

This was a fact that the Empress and others clearly knew.

But there was absolutely no one who knew that Hon Kong had been concealing his strength all this time, and possessed strength that was equal to Wen Wan and the others. The former great teacher of White Deer Academy, who was now the academy’s Dean, was also a top expert who had kept his skills and powers a secret. It really took everyone by surprise.

In the minds of Yu Xiaoxing, Lin Zheng and the others were countless thoughts flashing.

They originally thought that everything in the Heaven Wasteland Empire was within their grasp and that there was no secret unknown to them. But now, all of a sudden, they felt that the whole world had become unfamiliar and mysterious. Adding to this, watching Emperor qi radiating all over from Hon Kong as he stood next to Wen Wan, Gao Diping and Ximen Yeshui, as the ruler of this domain, Yu Xiaoxing had a very strange feeling, like the ice floe she saw was just the tip of an iceberg.

Since he was not a Divine General of the Light Palace, and also not a descendant of a secret sect like Ximen Yeshui, then what sort of background did Hon Kong have? Why did he conceal his identity in the Empire's White Deer Academy? Why reside in Deer City? Could it be related to Ye Qingyu?

Countless thoughts raced through Yu Xiaoxing's mind.

However, this was not important compared to the immediate situation.

What was important was that the strength that Hon Kong showed was comparable to that of Wen Wan, and he chose to stand on the side of the Light Palace. This meant that they had another helping hand that can join the battlefield.

The Sky Emperor still did not have any response following the appearance of Hon Kong.

The appearance of a new expert who had also mastered Emperor qi did not affect him in the slightest. So much that, even a leaf falling from a fire tree branch had more attractive force to him.

In truth, this was indeed the case.

On the basis of the difference in strength, three against twenty-one was not much different from four against twenty-one. The only difference was that perhaps it will take a little more time.

“Kill!”

The Wild Ox Martial Emperor bellowed and was the first to make a move.

Having been defeated a few days ago, he had received Sky Emperor’s reprimand and severe punishment. Thus he had to act first, in order to atone for his mistake by meritorious acts. Otherwise there will no doubt be a punishment in the future and he will lose points in front of the Sky Emperor.

Almost at the same time, another change occurred.

A low dragon roar suddenly sounded from the Light Palace, before a strange stream of silver formation light burst forth, and before the many Martial Emperors and even the Sky Emperor could react, it had already spread throughout the Light City. All of the fire trees were rustling and swaying side to side. The originally red fire leaves had suddenly turned a dazzling silver colour. The roots of the fire trees that were connected below the ground also become pure silver.

A pure silver force field had formed

The Wild Ox Emperor punched out. The originally world-shaking Emperor-level power, the terrifying earth-shattering fist flame law, after the emergence of the pure silver force field, had all of a sudden lost its Emperor qi, like a blazing torch suddenly dipped into ice water. There was no longer the slightest trace of Emperor qi, but resembled more of the strength of a Spirit Spring martial artist.

The power and pressure exuded by the other Emperors also, almost at the same time, dimmed like candle flames in the wind.

“What's going on?”

The Wild Ox Martial Emperor was terror-stricken.

The entourage of the Sky Emperor also had an abrupt change of countenance, feeling the strength within their body being suppressed.

However, they soon found that Wen Wan and the others opposite had also suffered the same experience. The Emperor qi flowing around their body had melted like ice and snow, revealing an aura that was around the strength of a high-ranking Spirit Spring expert.

What was happening?

At this moment, the Sky Emperor, who was indifferent to everything, finally took on a change of expression. He seemed to be a pleasantly surprised. “This is only right, it is most likely what that person left behind. If it were just the four ugly guards before me then I would have been really disappointed. Good, finally there's a little surprise. I didn't expect him to cultivate the formation of the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow]. This is a interesting.”

Then he looked at the somewhat flustered entourage, and reassured, “no need to panic, the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow] is nothing more than a power-controlling formation, which has an effect on both ordinary creatures and Emperors of the past. It is to avoid damage to the surrounding buildings during the battle. In the ancient years, there were also Immortal celestial beings who had set up such formations all over the Temple in Heaven. It has not really removed your cultivation base.”

At this point, the Sky Emperor smiled, sweeping his eyes across the Light Palace, his face lighting up, “I did not realize before, but it turns out that this palace is the true treasure of the world. Back then that person relied on this palace to escape... I am surprised he placed it here... no wonder I can’t detect some people, it seems they are hiding in the inside... Huh?”

The end of this sentence turned into a cry of astonishment.

The Sky Emperor suddenly held out his hand, middle finger and thumb pinched together.

The next moment, a curved blade flashing black light, like a ghost sped out of the void, was slashing through the air in the direction of the Sky Emperor’s throat. This blade seemed to have come from beyond the heavens. Not one of the many Martial Emperors present was able to detect its arrival. However, under the Sky Emperor's actions, it looked as though it came to his fingers on its own initiative, and was pinched between his two fingers.

Slice!

The black light on the blade, like highly toxic flames, spread towards the palm from the Sky Emperor's finger.

“Insignificant skill.”

The Sky Emperor opened his mouth to blow gently.

A blue flame spewed out from his mouth, and completely destroyed the black flame upon contact. The dark blue flame continued along the body of the curved black blade at an incredible speed, instantly incinerating the blade to ashes. At the same time, it spread to the outside of the blade and vaguely sketched out the outline of a palm.

A black figure in the void retreated with a low cry of pain.

By the time he drew back to ten meters away, the blue flame blazing in his palm had already gone out, and his body disappeared once again with a flash.

The Sky Emperor frowned, looking a little surprised.

It was surprising that the figure was able to survive his underworld fire.

And it was only then that the other Martial Emperors came to notice that there was an assassin in a secret place.

A top assassin, who was even able to attack the Sky Emperor from behind and was only discovered at the last moment. Adding to this, even following the Sky Emperor's counterattack, he was able to retreat alive... this assassin was far too terrifying.

“It's him,” the Wild Ox Martial Emperor bellowed.

That day, it was this black shadow-like assassin who killed his companion in the critical time. He was a terrifying existence that struck fear to his heart.

“Kill!” he roared, charging towards Wen Wan and others.

The other twenty figures, like arrows released from a bow, charged ahead at tremendous speed.

In the silver force field of the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow], the cultivation base of these past Emperors were all suppressed, and although they still able to manipulate the laws and the Dao, the destructive power was equivalent to that of an expert of the Spirit Spring stage. It will not affect Yu Xiaoxing and the others in the distance. The scene looked strange. The imposing manner of twenty-one Emperors charging full speed ahead should have momentarily destroyed the heavens and earth of the domain, but in fact was only equivalent to the onslaught of a little elite army.

Wen Wan smiled, swinging the battle-axe up to meet the enemies.

Ximen Yeshui rolled up the sleeves of his scholar robe, held the battle spear in a tight grip, and launched an attack without the slightest fear.

Hon Kong's weapon was his two fists. The method of combat of the refined and gentle-looking White Deer Academy Dean was unexpectedly like a barbarian.

And Gao Diping directly summoned out a dragon spear.

A battle quickly broke out.

Although the number of people on the two sides differed greatly, but because of the existence of the pure silver force field, the outcome of the battle won't be decided any time soon, and there won’t be any casualties.

After the Sky Emperor realized the value of the Light Palace, he was no longer indifferent and unconcerned as he was before. Instead, he walked through the battlefield, advancing step by step towards the Light Palace.

The martial artist in the shadows appeared again, trying to obstruct him.

Bang!

The Sky Emperor made a move, launching a palm strike that directly shattered the black shadow——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1244:


Chapter 1258, Smelly monkey

A sneer sounded in the air.

The black shadow figure that was shattered to pieces rejoined back together, blood falling from the void. Then, with a flash, the black shadow quickly retreated and hid in the air without leaving behind the slightest aura.

A look of surprise came onto the Sky Emperor's face again.

If in his first attack, he was said to have disdain towards the assassin, and as a result, unable to completely kill him, then his attack just now was already filled with killing intent. What he did not expect was that the shadow was only wounded and did not perish.

However, his footsteps did not stop as he continued to advance towards the Light Palace.

An Emperor-level assassin that appears and disappears unpredictably is indeed terrifying; however, an assassin is after all just an assassin, and not a guard. Thus, when an assassin acts as a guard, his deterrence is gone, and as long as the Sky Emperor continues to move towards the Light Palace, the shadow assassin will be forced to act.

As expected, very soon, just as the Sky Emperor was nearing the steps of the Light Palace, the shadow assassin reappeared.

A pair of crescent-moon-like black blades silently slashed through the air from behind Sky Emperor.

The black blades were blazing with black flames, like the soul-refining flames from hell.

However, the Sky Emperor seemed to have long been aware of this. Without turning around, his head made a one hundred and eighty degree rotation, while his arm very strangely extended back, like there weren't any joints in his body. His front and back body had unbelievably switched, stretching out his hands to grasp the black crescent-shaped blade. A serene blue pattern instantly spread everywhere, like a lightning chain, and locked onto the shadow assassin's body behind the black blade.

“Die.” The Sky Emperor opened his mouth, blue flames spewing out once again.

The shadow assassin struggled violently, eased the grip on the black blade but still could not get away. The blue formation pattern sketched out the outline of his body, and at the same time locked onto him to prevent him from performing the assassination escape technique. The blue flame rumbled and was about to spray onto his body.

From the previous exchange of moves, the shadow assassin knew that, once the blue flame touched his body, awaiting him would only be the destruction of his soul and body.

However, after the initial struggle, the shadow assassin seemed to have accepted fate, and gave up, standing there motionless.

He spat out.

A golden glow flickered.

A small needle-like golden stick was spurted out of his mouth.

The golden stick was very bizarre, a dragon was coiling around the body of the stick, and the two ends were in the shape of a dragon head. As the golden brilliance flashed, the stick expanded in the wind, and finally emitted a strange chirping noise. Then, with a sudden tremble, the dark blue flames were abruptly dispersed, along with the blue chain that locked the shadow assassin.

The shadow assassin, like a fish broken free of a fishing net, slipped into the air and disappeared without a trace.

And the golden dragon cudgel had transformed into a bolt of golden lightning, aiming for the head of the Sky Emperor.

The Emperor's face grew serious, punching out at the same time.

Bang!

The pure silver force field of the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow] across the whole fire woods was quaking.

The other Emperors present all retreated in shock one after another, opening up the distance. Puzzled and on guard, they could imagine that without the pure silver force field reducing the destructive force, the impact caused would have completely destroyed the Snow capital into ruins.

The Sky Emperor took a step back.

Two deep footprints were left on the pure silver ground.

And that golden dragon cudgel that was flowing with golden light, while sent flying, was buzzing and vibrating violently, like a gold lightning bolt, whizzing in the direction of where Yu Xiaoxing and the others were with tremendous speed.

“Not good.”

Lin Zheng's expression changed abruptly, but it was already too late to block it.

In the pure silver force field of the [Three Thousand Feet of Fallen Emperor Snow], their cultivation base was inferior to even ordinary people. It was simply impossible for them to block the earth-shaking power of the golden cudgel. Just as Yu Xiaoxing was almost exploded to pieces, in that critical moment, another change occurred.

A hairy palm stretched out from the piercing air.

This palm was not like a human hand. Instead, it was covered with thick and dense golden hair, and was overflowing with golden light, like a monkey's paw. With a gentle grasping motion, as though catching a feather, the lightning-fast cudgel was already in his hand.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The golden dragon cudgel was still slightly quivering.

The figure clasping the cudgel slowly came out of the void near Yu Xiaoxing.

The figure was tall and large, about two meters high, clad in an Immortal gold chain armour and a phoenix wing purple-gold crown. Wielding the golden dragon cudgel, the figure that emerged from the void and was bathed in golden light, like a blazing golden flame, was like a golden War God from the Asura battlefield.

For a moment, nobody could see the true face of this figure.

But this figure stood in front of Yu Xiaoxing and the others, like a golden wall, shielding everyone behind him. The people, whose mind was swaying uncontrollably under the Sky Emperor's tyrannical power, suddenly felt an unprecedented sense of security.

“Dog thing, this is not your place to be.” The figure spoke in an obscure tone, which did not resemble present age speech.

Standing on the opposite side, the Sky Emperor’s expression finally was no longer calm and indifferent, instead his face was twisted with extreme shock, “You... Smelly monkey, you're still alive? Could he be here too?”

Evidently, he recognized the golden figure.

“Why talk so much nonsense? Don't you always believe in strength?” The golden figure leapt up in the pure silver force field, swinging up the golden cudgel, and sped over at lightning speed, roaring, “Eat my stick!”

The golden cudgel rumbled like thunder, aiming for the head of Sky Emperor.

At this time, Yu Xiaoxing, Lin Zheng and the others suddenly realized that the golden figure that had appeared all of a sudden was the esteemed elder who they had always only heard of in name and never seen in person——the battle companion who the God of War left in the Light City's underground fire spirit spring to guard the Light Palace. They had all thought that, after the peerless War God’s departure, what remained here would only be a wisp of consciousness, but unexpectedly his true body had always been here.

The battle companion of the peerless War God was an ancient giant ape species known to be invincible all over the ninth heaven. Adding to this, back then his prestige was well above that of the Five Divine Generals as well as the martial artist of shadow.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

The golden cudgel awakened a sky of lightning and thunder. Tens of thousand beams of dazzling light were launched from the heavens with mighty force.

The Sky Emperor coldly snorted, both his hands suddenly expanded into hundreds of meters wide, arms raised, crossed at the wrist, like he was holding up the power of the heavens.

Boom!

The terrifying quaking came again.

With the Sky Emperor as the center, cobweb-like cracks began to spread across the pure silver ground. The Sky Emperor's legs sank into the ground, and his arms were snapped off abruptly.

“Your Majesty!”

“How is that possible!”

“Protect!”

The sovereigns of the Dark Realm who had been spectating the battle all this time, upon seeing this scene, their eyes almost popped out.

In their minds, the Sky Emperor was an omnipotent existence that ruled over everything. Any opponent would be turned to fine powder in front of him, but now he was planted into the mud like a radish by the opponent’s stick.

The sovereigns of the Dark Realm urgently rushed up to help.

But at this moment, in the void, there was a black crescent-shaped blade slicing through the air.

Unguarded, the Wild Ox Martial Emperor was immediately struck.

He realized something, wanted to scream out in panic and wanted to immediately sublimate to his peak state regardless of the consequences, but it was already too late. When he opened his mouth again, there were only black ashes and flames gushing out, and under the terrifying gaze of the others around him, the sovereign who had fled from death the other day had already turned into a cloud of ashes, dissipating between the heavens and the earth...

“Assassin!”

“It's the shadow assassin.”

Some other sovereign exclaimed, immediately realized that this was the terrifying assassin who had previously escaped from the hands of the Sky Emperor, and began to harvest life in the dark. All of a sudden there was a warning sign rising in their heart, but they still rushed in the direction of the Sky Emperor to assist him.

It was then that the second move of the golden War God war figure had already been crushed.

Bathed in golden flames, the golden cudgel once again, carrying the power of heaven and earth, aimed for the forehead of the Sky Emperor.

“Get lost!”

The Sky Emperor uttered a roar that had not been heard for a long period of time.

When had he ever been suppressed like this?

It was just unforgivable.

“Smelly monkey, you were no match for me back then, now you're also not... If you're the last card he left behind, then it's pointless.” The Sky Emperor's body slightly shook as a force of terror burst out from his body, easily pulling him up from the ground. He was flashing ocean-like blue flames all over, his aura rising sharply, and his right fist was blazing with dark blue flames. With a slam of his fist, he directly struck the golden cudgel.

Buzz!

The golden figure, along with the golden cudgel, was blasted out.

The Sky Emperor transformed into a beam of dark blue light, chasing after.

“Dog thing, are you worthy of being called Sky Emperor? Back then you were just a child abandoned by your parents, thrown into the gutter and left to die. It was Master who saved you, raised you, and taught you martial arts. It was because of him that you can move unhindered across the heavens and earth, but you betrayed Master for your own benefits. Now, your soul is incomplete, how can you fight against me? Today, I will send you on the road.”

The golden War God figure gave an angry roar.

The golden cudgel, like a bolt of gold lightning, was launched once again.

The shadows of cudgels filled the sky, stacking over one another, like a shower of rain.

“Hmph, I was sincere to the moon but why did the moon shine onto the ditch? Back then when had I not wholeheartedly supported him? How many times had I risked my life or him? Had I ever have a word of complaint? But he was unable to let go of his obsessions, and only wants to return to his so-called hometown. For this ridiculous obsession, he disregarded the world that his subordinates and people created, disregarded our bitter pleas. He betrayed us first... what I did was just to help him correct his heart. He just adhered to his own foolish ways. Had he once cared about our feelings? He forced me to do that.”

The Sky Emperor of heaven also roared.

It was clear that this was the first time he lost control over himself.

Only that person of the past had enough weight to really trigger the great waves in the mind of this ambitious and ruthless man——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

