Chapter 609:


“Yes, I definitely will go if there's a chance.” Elder Li gently sipped his tea, before he continued with a smile, “When I was young, I had been to some new domains, and experienced many unbelievable things. This world really is too mysterious. Many times, in many small domains there are many peerless experts. The majority of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors are also from small places, and it is said that the Formation Sovereign Luo Su was also from a very strange mysterious place.”



“What plans does Brother Ye have next?” Elder Mo abruptly changed topics.

Ye Qingyu let out a long sigh. “I won't lie to three elders, this is my first time away from Heaven Wasteland Domain. What I have seen and heard have not been all good things. At the Storm Sword Duel gathering, the Greater One Sect’s scheme was exposed, which to Heaven Wasteland Domain, a relatively new domain of the world, is not any good news whatsoever. And a sect like the Greater One Sect, which is full of aggression and the desire to kill and occupy, clearly does not exist only in Clear River Domain. What I plan to do is return to Heaven Wasteland Domain as soon as possible to remind my people and nations to prepare for the possible domain invasion and war.”



The topic suddenly became a little serious.



The three elders, for a moment, were also somewhat silent.



“More than five thousand years ago, Clear River Domain was in the same state as the current Heaven Wasteland Domain, like a confused little child, full of curiosity and goodwill. But when the Domain Gate and domain stonewalls appeared and we began to communicate with the outside world, we thought that this would be the beginning of the rapid growth of Clear River Domain. Who would have thought that what Clear River Domain would face instead was invasion and war. The first war crumbled the mountains and rivers, and the Immortal God Emperor court deteriorated. Although later, the forces of the Domain Alliance intervened, but the one who really fought against the intruders were the people of Clear River Domain. I do not know how many hot-blooded experts, in order to protect their homes, had died in battle in the past. That war had a profound and long-lasting effect. Until today, the Clear River Domain still has not thoroughly recovered.” Elder Li sighed. “The Immortal God Emperor court became the Immortal God Emperor Sect, and in order to avoid greater disaster of war, retired in seclusion. On the surface, Clear River Domain maintains independence but it had actually become the subordinate of the other large forces of other domains. For example, there is a reason why the Demon Spider Race and Greater One Sect could rise so abruptly...”



Ye Qingyu drank a mouthful of tea and did not speak.

He had heard about this period of history more than once, but when it came out from the mouths of the elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, it was more shaking to the core, so he could not help but feel sorrowful.

After a pause Ye Qingyu said, “Now the power of the Domain Alliance should be more useful than ever, right?”



Elder Xie raised his pair of sword-like grey brows when he thought of something. His eyes flashed with anger and he coldly grunted, “Do not put hope in those parasites. When was the Domain Alliance not slow to respond. It was only when those new domains are looted and destroyed, that they came forward to clean up the mess. In fact, those murderous dictators are all just as bad as each other. If at the beginning when the Domain Alliance was established by the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors it was said to be a land of righteousness, then now... haha, it can be said to be almost rotten to the core.”

Ye Qingyu slightly nodded understandingly.



He knew little about the Domain Alliance, but from the mouths of these elders, it did not seem to be a reliable force.



He remembered that the round-faced Prince Mojin had said before that there was someone in the Domain Alliance protecting him. But he did not know who this person was.



After a brief thought, Ye Qingyu took advantage of this opportunity to consult them on some matters about the Domain Alliance.



Elder Mo of the Repository of Buddhist Texts continued, “In the Domain Alliance, there is now a mix of good people and scumbags. It is deteriorating day by day compared to back then. But if little brother Ye is interested, later on I will tell someone to bring the related bamboo scrolls over to you, which will help introduce the major forces and the people in charge of the current Domain Alliance.”



Ye Qingyu looked overjoyed when he heard this. “That would be great, thank you Elder Mo.”



Elder Mo smiled. “Why so polite, what you have done for Flowing Light City is admired by everyone. Even my Master was greatly appreciative when he received the news that Ling Xiaoran reported back. Hahaha, whatever brother Ye wants to know, I will tell the disciples to collect information and send it over to you.”

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu rose to his feet and sincerely bowed to the three elders. “This favour of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, I will certainly remember... It is my first time away from Heaven Wasteland Domain, I do not know anything about Clear River Domain, I also do not know what other domains there are in this world, as well as the relationship between the major domains and their stance, and also the most powerful and the strongest races in the world. If I can have a copy of such information, that would be great.”



“Little brother you’re very welcome... In less than three days I will tell someone to deliver the bamboo scrolls to Flowing Light City,” Elder Mo said with a smile.



“That's right. This is nothing, we also do not want the tragedy of Clear River Domain to also happen to Heaven Wasteland Domain,” Elder Li said righteously.



Elder Li burst out laughing. “Yes, little brother if you really want to thank us, why don't you find free time to accompany me for a battle, that would be the best thanks to us.”





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 610:


Chapter 628, Return to Underground Moon Immortal Palace

Over the next few days, there were a thousand things waiting to be done in Flowing Light City, and renovation works was in full swing.

Roads, buildings, and defensive formations destroyed during the war were all under intensive repair.

People seemed to have forgotten what exhaustion was, everyone's face was beaming with hope and smiles as they rebuilt their homes.

Some of the shops on the main roads of the city, after days of renovation, had begun to reopen for business. The people who had experienced the war gradually restored the rhythm of their life. The top of the streets and bottom of the lanes were bustling with noise and excitement.

In a place five miles from the east side of the city, a heroes’ memorial garden was built.

The heroes who died bravely in battle to defend Flowing Light City were properly buried here.

Every day, people came here silently to visit the spirits of the heroes.

As a result of the retreat of the Demon Spider Race, many great demon clans had begun to withdraw. The many territories that were occupied were recovered, and the road from the outside world to Flowing Light City was reopened. As a result, in these few days, there were a large number of refugees, traders and other people pouring into the city. The population of the city rapidly grew.

At the same time, the Immortal God Emperor Sect also called out to martial sects and experts of Clear River Domain, hoping that the Human Race can unite to overcome the present difficult situation.

It had to be said that the Immortal God Emperor Sect still had the great power to rally supporters in the current Clear River Domain. In just less than a day there were thousands of Jianghu masters coming to Flowing Light City, taking up the important responsibility of protecting Flowing Light City alongside the hundreds of disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect. The defense of Flowing Light City was now impregnable.

Everything was moving in the right direction.

The hearts of the citizens of Flowing Light City were getting more and more stable and they were hopeful for their new life.

With the retreat of the Demon Spider army, there were more and more news of the outside world passed into the city through various channels.

After their crushing defeat in Flowing Light City, the Demon Spider Race’s power had been reduced substantially. As though they were worried about something, they had abandoned the control of many towns, temporarily went into hiding, and for the time being did not continue to invade the territories of the Human Race.

And the Heaven Desire Demon Sect that had relied on help from the Demon Spider Race in the past, after the retreat of the Demon Spider Race, had went a lot more quiet.

Meanwhile, the news of the Hundred Spirits Sect also passed to Ye Qingyu's ears.

That day when the Heaven Desire Demon Sect took refuge in the Demon Spider Race, borrowed the power of the Demon Race to invade the Hundred Spirits Sect, and frantically attacked the main gate of the Hundred Spirits Sect, but at the critical moment, the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect activated the final protective power. The great formation that was left behind by the ancestors was triggered, and they luckily survived the death of their sect.

It was only a few days before the retreat of the Demon Spider Race that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect gave up on the siege of Hundred Spirits Sect.

When the news of the Hundred Spirits Sect came, Ye Qingyu finally really breathed a sigh of relief.

This can be considered as having an explanation for Shen Menghua and the others.

The night of the second day.

In a guest room of the South Facing Inn.

Having returned from drinking, Hu Bugui was boredly leaning against the window, watching the lights of night in a daze.

In front of the window table, Ye Qingyu was drinking a cup of tea, looking out at the increasingly noisy and bustling street, and said thoughtfully, “Now the citizens of Flowing Light City are settled, there are many things to be done, and with the experts of the Immortal God Emperor Sect here, it will no longer be a problem to defend Flowing Light City. There is not much need for us to stay here.”

Hu Bugui's swept his gaze over to Ye Qingyu, his bored eyes instantly lit up, exclaiming, “Haha, you mean, we're going back?”

“Yes. It's been more than a month. Big brother Liu and the others must be anxiously waiting for us in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace. Now that the danger has scattered, we should return and bring them out.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

Hu Bugui burst out in a hearty laughter. “Haha, you are right. Liu Shaji and Old Fish and the other guys must be suffocating there. I am also bored, I wanted to leave earlier!”

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled. “So, we will set off tomorrow and return to Greater One mountain.”

……

The next morning.

The morning star was still flickering on the horizon, when Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui left South Facing Inn.

Under the hazy morning light, Flowing Light City also maintained a calm and quiet silence. In the distance there were one or two vendors setting up their stalls at the crack of dawn when the formation lights had not entirely disappeared.

Before departure, Ye Qingyu said farewell to Chen Zhengliang and the three elders but also sternly declined the offer of them seeing him off.

Ye Qingyu also considered the extraordinariness of the Underground Moon Immortal Palace.

In the Underground Moon Immortal Palace there were the relics of the Thunder and Lightning Emperor Qin Ming. Although he had taken out all the things inside, there was still, after all, the trace of a Martial Emperor. If this trace was found by someone then the major forces of both the Human Race and other races of Clear River Domain will not let go of this opportunity. At that time, most likely, a huge wave will be set off, and also very possibly trigger a war again.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui exchanged a glance, before transforming into streams of light and disappearing into the sky.

An hour later.

In the midst of the Greater One mountain.

Demon clouds rolled across, blood and evil filling the air.

In sight, there was still complete stillness, with no signs of life whatsoever. Fortunately the atmosphere was beginning to stabilize.

The gloomy sky was still filled with waves of evil spirits.

A number of vortex-like residual yuan qi were fluctuating under the dark surging dense clouds and mists.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, like two sharp swords, sped through the blood- and qi-filled sky at lightning speed. Where they passed, the demon qi and blood mist seemed to have been cut open with a pair of scissors, creating a huge crack that seemed like it would never heal.

Now that he no longer had to worry about being hunted, and that his strength had substantially improved, Ye Qingyu did not need to hide his tracks as well as not have to worry about triggering the numerous random formations around the minefield-like Greater One mountain.

In a flash.

The two people discovered something, landing to the ground.

In the midst of the valley.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui stood in front of a grave and paid their respects.

Buried here were the Master of the Hidden Sword Sect and other people, a group of heroes who died in battle for the Human Race.

After paying their respects, they continued ahead.

Two hours later.

Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui came to a stop again in the air.

Below was a huge blood lake, like a giant scarlet jade inlaid in the midst of the Greater One mountain.

That day, Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui encountered a mutant giant tree here and saw the remains of countless experts of different races floating across the water. It was a doomsday scene. But now, the pungent smell of blood and the rotten stench in the air were weaker compared to before. But through the blood-coloured mist, one could still see the Asura hell-like blood lake, which was full of violent blood and evil spirits.

“Those evil qi and blood mist, as well as the remnants of yuan qi will most likely only begin to slowly fade after hundreds of years of changes...” Hu Bugui sighed, gazing into the boundless sea-like blood and qi.

Although the yuan qi of Greater One mountain still shrouded the sky like a mass of black clouds, the formation of rune traps and the boundary walls were like an intricately entwined net. However, this time the two people no longer had to worry that the destruction of traps will alarm the other forces.

“Let's go.”

Ye Qingyu looked in the direction of a pool a few miles away. Suddenly, his figure flashed into a ball of lightning and darted toward the layers upon layers of boundary net.

……

Underground Moon Immortal Palace.

Dim and quiet.

When the raging underground river passed through here, the water was like a mirror.

The stone room after the corridor was relatively small, but the area outside the corridor was very large. Liu Shaji and the other people had stayed here for a period of time. Everyday they basically went into a meditative state and began cultivation. Here the spiritual qi was abundant, which greatly aided cultivation. For any martial artist it was a very rare opportunity.

Of course, except for Old Fish.

“Huh? Haha, it seems that the two small fishes are about to go ashore...” Sitting cross-legged and propping his chin on the palm of his hand, Hu Bugui, who was fishing in the underground river, suddenly with a flash of his eyes, as though he had sensed something, stared at the lake with a grin.

Beside him, constantly throwing small stones to deliberately disturb Old Fish fishing, Yu Xiaoxing’s eyes also lit up.

“Could it be...? Cousin, they're back?” she exclaimed.

Before her voice faded away.

Hua!

Two figures suddenly drilled out from the glistening mirror-like water surface.

They were Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

“Cousin!” With one glance, Xing’er immediately jumped up and fluttered towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was unable to evade, a soft and warm body threw itself in his arms.

Almost at the same time, the other people in the stone room and sitting by the lake meditating also felt movement, one after another they ended their cultivation and rushed over.

“Is everybody all right?” Ye Qingyu ran his eyes across, noticing that the state of the people were all pretty good. He finally was able to heave a sigh of relief.

“Oh, you two are finally willing to come back!”  Liu Shaji smilingly looked at the two people who were in good condition, and right away patted Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui on the shoulder in relief.

Nan Tieyi also revealed a glad smile. Seeing that the two people had returned safely, he finally could relax.

It was evident that during this period of time, they were all worried about Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui.

The master and disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect were also amongst the crowd.

“Gongzi Ye, Gongzi Hu, it's so nice to see you come back safely...”

“Yes, yes, you've been away for one month without the slightest message, we were very worried.”

Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin one after the other came to the front, their beautiful eyes flowing with a warm brilliance.

“Ai, didn't know I’m also included, haha, to be missed by the fairies of the Hundred Spirits Sect, haha, I benefited from the association with someone!” Hu Bugui teasingly cast a glance at Ye Qingyu, a strange smile curving his lips.

Shen Menghua gracefully responded with a smile.

Liu Ruxin lowered her head with a shy smile, like her mind was read.

“Ai, brat, you have been gone for a month, I did not expect you to progress again... Also the growth is not small, it seems you had a fortuitous encounter again!” Old Fish unhurriedly put away his fishing equipment, wandering over from the other side of the lake, and studied Ye Qingyu from head to toe with his cross-eyes. He also could not help having a glimmer of surprise emerging in his eyes——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 611:


Chapter 629, Time to part



When this remark came out, everyone turned to Ye Qingyu.



Nan Tieyi and Liu Shaji immediately felt that there was a power exuding from Ye Qingyu’s body that was indeed much stronger than it was before he left the Underground Moon Immortal Palace.



Ye Qingyu smiled slightly.



He also sensed that Nan Tieyi and the others, including the Master and disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect, during this period of time had also improved their strength and evidently benefited a lot from cultivating in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace.



“Let’s sit down and talk. Little brother Ye was traveling at lightning speed, I’m exhausted.” Hu Bugui seated himself beside a huge white jade rock, took out from his bosom a few jars of wine from the Willow Lane restaurant and tossed them over to Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi. He slammed open the lid of the wine jar and directly gulped down the wine.



The rich aroma of the alcohol immediately filled the air.



“Good wine.” Liu Shaji’s eyes lit up.

Nan Tieyi was also a wine person, his face also lit up when he heard this.



“Haha, us brothers can have a good drink today.” Hu Bugui was also in the mood to enjoy.



Ever since meeting at the odd job worker disciple area at the foot of the Greater One Sect, although it had only been a few months, but Liu Shaji, Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui, and Ye Qingyu felt that they shared the same mind. In particular, after the four of them went through the Storm Sword Duel gathering and fought side by side, they became like brothers and got on really well.

The others heard this and all smiled. They all sat down.



“Cousin, why were you gone for such a long time? Big brother Liu and big brother Nan were worried about you, they went out to look for you several times.” Xing’er carefully examined him again, making sure that Ye Qingyu had no injuries before she could finally relax.



“Yes, we have not heard from you for a long time. We were worried that you might still be in Greater One mountains and were stopped by the forces of the Demon Race so we went out to find you... that’s right...” Liu Shaji made a grabbing motion in the air, “We found these things... this is the divine life weapon of the Master of the Phoenix Valley, Weeping Phoenix Ruler. We found it in the giant stone forest.”

Liu Shaji spread out his palm.



Broken into two and with the brilliance lost, the divine weapon Weeping Phoenix Ruler was presented in front of the crowd.



Nan Tieyi also sighed faintly, “I also found this in the bamboo grove twenty miles away from the lake...”



He turned his hand over and grabbed at the air.



A long hook appeared.



But at the end of this long hook, the crescent pointy hook was chipped, the surface mottled and tattered, and many slash marks seemed to be silently telling of its Master’s last tragic battle.

“This is... is it the divine weapon of the Master of the Ethereal Sect, Moon Hook?” Hu Bugui exclaimed, identifying the dull hook with one glance.



“Tsk, you’re exclaiming over such little things... there's more!” Old Fish grinned, taking out a half a meter high bamboo basket like he was presenting a treasure.



Clash!



A full basket of divine weapons were poured out.



Ye Qingyu was stunned.



“Thunder God Drill, Double Meteor Hammer, Bronze Moon Blade, Golden Ring Hook...” With his face crossed with astonishment, Hu Bugui one by one identified the weapons that had already lost their brilliance and were marked with scars. He was able to identity the majority, which were all life divine weapons of well-known experts of Clear River Domain. The famous weapons in the past had now become a pile of scrap metals, their formation markings destroyed and the spiritual qi contained within completely emptied.



With the weapons in such a state, it most likely signified disaster for their respective masters.



Each broken weapon was a person’s life.



Nan Tieyi slightly sighed, then together with Liu Shaji and Old Fish, informed them of the scenes that they had witnessed during the search.



“Ah, this is a predestined tribulation.” Even an insensitive Hu Bugui could not help sighing with sorrow, and then recounted what he and Ye Qingyu had seen at Greater One mountains after they left here.



As the people quietly listened, there was a number of sighs.



The atmosphere suddenly went quiet.



Hu Bugui gulped down a mouthful of wine, a heroic expression reappeared on his face as he laughed. “Forget it, let's not talk about these frustrating things, the deceased can’t come back to life, we need to look ahead... Haha, I forgot to mention, you may not know but the person next to me is now a legendary person of Clear River Domain!”

“Legendary person? What did cousin do?”



Evidently Yu Xiaoxing was extremely interested in all matters related to Ye Qingyu.



Hu Bugui burst into a hearty laugh, chugged down mouthfuls of wine, rubbed away the wine stains on his beard stubble, and began to imitate the manner and accent of the Flowing Light City storyteller to vividly recount everything that happened in Flowing Light City.



Everyone listened with great interest, as if they were present at the scene.



Sometimes there were twists and turns, sometimes their hearts tensed up, sometimes they clutched their stomach, erupting in laughter, sometimes they felt emotional, and sometimes they had a happy smile on their face.



Even Ye Qingyu also had a hint of a smile. When Hu Bugui mentioned the Immortal God Emperor Sect he explained why they did not tell them of the whereabouts of Nan Tieyi and why they did not bring the people of the Immortal God Emperor Sect here.



“That means, you little brat, you’re now swaggering around and living well with the identity of Heaven Wasteland Domain Ye Qingyu, right?” Old Fish suddenly thought of something, his eyes emitting light as he glanced at Ye Qingyu.

“Exactly, Little Ye can now eat and drink what he wants. He is now a hero of Clear River Domain who no one dares approach. He is the reincarnation of the Sky Dragon in all Flowing Light City citizens’ mind.” Hu Bugui’s expression was exaggerated as he told them of all the strange circulating stories, attracting the crowd’s laughter.



“It's not as exaggerated as Old Hu says, just listen to it like a story, don’t take it seriously.” Ye Qingyu finally could not stand it any longer, and interrupted with a waving hand.



“You interrupted me at the most interesting part. Fine, fine, fine, I won't say anymore, don’t believe what people tell you until you see if for yourself. Go to Flowing Light City to take a look and you will know that I did not exaggerate at all.” Hu Bugui spread his hands open helplessly.



“By the way, about the Hundred Spirits Sect, there is some news. The day before our return, the disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect came to deliver the news that the Hundred Spirits Sect had sealed the main gate and conserved strength, so for now they should be safe.” Ye Qingyu turned to Shen Menghua and the other people and hurriedly notified them of this news.



“Very good!”



“Thank you, Gongzi Ye!”



“Yes, yes, yes, thank you, Gongzi Ye!”



Shen Menghua and Liu Ruxin immediately stood up, bowing their thanks repeatedly to Ye Qingyu with a smile on their face.



The middle-aged beautiful Shishu of Hundred Spirits Sect also heaved a sigh of relief, nodding to Ye Qingyu.



“From what you’re saying now, it seems Clear River Domain has not yet returned to complete stability, but fortunately the Demon Spider Race had retreated, the Human Race is beginning to ally together, and the overall situation is more or less settled. We no longer have to stay in the Underground Moon Immortal Palace.” Nan Tieyi pondered for a while, before he added, “Since the three Shishus have arrived in Flowing Light City, then I must go out and meet them and contribute to the rebuilding of the Human Race.”



He was a little impatient.



Since the sect had dispatched the three elders, it was a clear signal that the Immortal God Emperor Sect had made the first step to re-enter the world, using a positive and active attitude to display their capability, which for the ambitious Nan Tieyi was undoubtedly a great news.

The others nodded, also seemingly a little impatient to leave.



“In that case, tomorrow morning, we can get out of here together, but after going out, what are everyone’s plan?” Ye Qingyu assured, looking round the crowd.

“We naturally will be returning to Hundred Spirits Sect as soon as possible.” The Shishu of Hundred Spirits Sect was the first to speak.



The three female disciples also nodded. Although Ye Qingyu brought the news that the Hundred Spirits Sect was safe, but what the situation was like inside still made them extremely worried. They wanted to hurry back. For these women, the Hundred Spirits Sect was their home.



“I have some other things that I need to take some time to deal with, after arriving at Flowing Light City, I will have to leave first.” Liu Shaji said indifferently.



As the descendant of the White Lotus Sword Sect, the way he handles matters was secretive and since he had said so, then there must be some things that he needed to deal with alone, so the others did not question antyurther.



“Haha, brat, now you are an important person of Clear River Domain. If I follow you about there will be meat and wine for me. I don’t care, you have to take this old man to drink fragrant aged wine. Oh yes, I remember the last time I was at Flowing Light City, there were female singers. Haha, I also want to go to South Facing Inn to listen to the little girl sing, hahahaha...” Old Fish suddenly jumped to his feet, throwing a glance at Ye Qingyu.



Ye Qingyu furrowed his brows. He no longer paid any attention to Old Fish, and cast his gaze elsewhere.



As for Yu Xiaxoing, it was needless to say that she would certainly follow Ye Qingyu.



For Ye Qingyu himself, he already had his own plan.



After returning to Flowing Light City, he had to find clues and find a way to take Xing’er back to Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Ye Qingyu looked at Old Fish joyfully packing his scattered belongings, his lips curled in a faint smile. This old guy had too many secrets, he was an old monster who had survived countless years and did not belong to any of the domains. Moreover, the forces of Clear River Domain were in extreme polarization, there were too many variables, so there was no harm in taking him to Heaven Wasteland Domain.

……



Two days later.



In Flowing Light City.



The vibrant and lively scenes once again returned to Flowing Light City.



The whole city was, although not as flourishing as the first time Ye Qingyu was here, but the bleakness and deterioration brought about by the war had been swept away. The streets were scattered with stalls, the stall keeper shouting with a smiling face, and the doors of several famous restaurants and tea houses had reopened, welcoming and sending off guests.



At the city gate.



“Young Lord!”



“Young Lord, you’re back!”



Ling Xiaoran and his wife as well as the disciples of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, ever since receiving a signal from Nan Tieyi, had been waiting at the city gate to welcome him.



Nan Tieyi nodded slightly, then invited everyone to the South Facing Inn for a little rest.



“Now that everyone has returned to Flowing Light City, I will leave.” Liu Shaji did not enter the city, and seemed to be deep in thought.



“This... well, since the matter is urgent, I won't urge you to stay.” Nan Tieyi smiled. “But after you have finished your business, brother Liu is welcome to come find me at South Facing Inn anytime. Even if I’m not there, there will be a disciple informing me. If there is anything you need me to help, you can pass a message to me at any time.” As he was speaking, he handed an Immortal God Emperor Sect's summon talisman to Liu Shaji. “



Liu Shaji did not be too courteous, and accepted.



“‘The blue mountain does not change, the green water is always flowing’. Everyone, we will meet again.”



Liu Shaji then ran his eyes over everyone, came over to clap his hand upon the shoulder of Ye Qingyu and Hu Bugui, and finally nodded and bid farewell to everyone.



The months of going through fire and water, trials and tribulations, were still vivid in everyone’s mind. After this goodbye they were unsure when they would see each other again. Jianghu people, Jianghu matters, were always unpredictable. Everything seemed to begin while drinking by the fire at the foot of Greater One Sect. Everything seemed to stay in that mouthful of wine, the rich and mellow flavour.



Liu Shaji turned toward the city gate, his figure from behind looking lonely, his robe fluttering in the breeze, and his hair dancing...



Ye Qingyu for a moment was really a little sad.



“Gee, since this guy escaped, I also have to go too!” Hu Bugui slapped himself on the forehead, like he suddenly thought of something.

“Brother Hu, what’s the hurry...” Ye Qingyu's eyes flickered with puzzlement.



“Hehe... I have been out for so long, fought so many battles, it is now time to return to my lair to check on things. In any case I am the head of the 18 thieves, and now the world is so chaotic, I should check on my brothers’ situation...” Hu Bugui rubbed his nose like he did not care.

Everyone was unable to restrain a smile when they saw him like this, but also did not urge him to stay.



After a few words, Hu Bugui transformed into a stream of flowing light, disappearing in the distant sky.



“Then we should also leave...” The Shishu of the Hundred Spirits Sect led the three disciples to bow to Ye Qingyu and the others.



“Gongzi Ye, after today, if you are free in the future... I kindly ask you to come to Hundred Spirits Sect... to visit…” Shen Menghua's beautiful eyes were glistening like flowing water.



“Yes, Gongzi Ye, this was a hurried trip, we have not had the time to properly thank you for your help...” Liu Ruxin said with regret.



“No problem, no need to mention it, in the future, I will definitely pay the Hundred Spirits Sect a visit,” Ye Qingyu swept his eyes around and said solemnly.



Upon hearing this, the Shishu of the Hundred Spirits Sect, like the dust was settled, turned and led the several disciples away.



The remaining people, led by Ling Xiaoran and his wife, headed in the direction of South Facing Inn——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 612:


Chapter 630, Return to Heaven Wasteland Domain



Half an hour later.



The roof of South Facing Inn.



Bored and with nothing to do, Yu Xiaoxing was sat on the top floor balcony with two feet hanging out in the air, overlooking the entire Flowing Light City. The distant city walls and ruins far from complete repair caught her eyes. The disaster of war had fallen on the citizens. She couldn't help but sigh emotionally. The trip to Clear River Domain this time had a great impact on Yu Xiaoxing. The sufferings that she had experienced made her see as well as understand many things.

And Nan Tieyi, after arriving at South Facing Inn, first went to greet the several elders.



Old Fish, as soon as he opened the door, shouted that he needed to find the little singing girl. Luckily South Facing Inn was still in business. The father was playing the erhu while the blind girl was telling jokes, drawing laughter from the audience.



Very soon, the three elders of the Immortal God Emperor Sect came to visit again in person.

Elder Mo of the Repository of Buddhist Texts brought over the information jade scrolls that the Wei River faction had urgently sent over to give to Ye Qingyu. Among these, there were the current division of powers in the domains of the world, as well as the list of experts, a brief history of the Domain Alliance and a variety of secrets.



Ye Qingyu repeatedly bowed his thanks.



Then he was pulled into the sky by the martial maniac Elder Xie to put aside all worries and have a battle with him in order to satisfy his craving. Of course Ye Qingyu also benefited from this fight.



When Ye Qingyu returned to the inn, he felt his bones were falling apart.



For the next two days, Elder Xie dragged Ye Qingyu to battle with him two or three times a day.



Ye Qingyu understood that this old man was, in his own way, giving him guidance on his martial arts.



He firmly remembered such kindness in his mind.



Another two days later.



“Brother Qingyu, what plans do you have next?” Nan Tieyi knocked on the door and entered Ye Qingyu's room. At this time, changed into a water-blue silk robe, he was radiating an ethereal and imposing aura.



“I was just about to go look for you...” Ye Qingyu smiled.



“Brother Qingyu, I guess you must be trying to return to Heaven Wasteland Domain, right?” Nan Tieyi who had a sharp mind, instantly read Ye Qingyu's thoughts.



“Yes, I have been away for so long, I worry about the safety of my family and friends...” Ye Qingyu openly admitted. “I was wondering if the Immortal God Emperor Sect has a domain passage to help me return to Heaven Wasteland Domain?”



“Now that you mention it, I indeed can help,” Nan Tieyi said, the corners of his mouth slightly curved upwards.



“Really?” Xing'er eyes flashed a glimmer of excitement.



Nan Tieyi faintly smiled, nodding.



Ye Qingyu felt a weight lifted off his shoulders when he heard these words.



“Xiaoran, pass the message, I want to take Gongzi Ye out for a trip. All people stay in South Facing Inn, you don't have to follow.” Nan Tieyi lightly issued a command, although he did not get up, but his voice, like a continuous thread, transmitted directly to the ear of Ling Xiaoran in the distance.



Half a day later.



The depths of the Wei river mountain range.



The green mountain depended on the flowing water, and the birds were chirping and singing beautifully.



Compared to Greater One mountain where evil spirits filled the sky and was a scene of blood redness, right now the thousands of miles of around Wei river mountain range was still lush green and full of life as before. The trees tinted with various colours of green and the stream babbled on.

The Immortal God Emperor Sect had retired into seclusion and now the location of the sect was precisely the Wei river mountain range.



How powerful was the Immortal God Emperor court back then, yet it still had to retreat to the Wei river mountain range. The thousands of years of operation had made this mountain range become a heavenly beautiful place, abundant with spiritual qi. And compared to the Greater One mountain range before it was demonized, it was not inferior in the slightest. But it had another style; it did have the imposing and majestic ambience of Greater One Sect, instead everywhere was a leisurely and quiet atmosphere.

“This is it.” Nan Tieyi was standing at a cave entrance between the valleys forty miles east of the mountain range.



The cave was hidden, full of tyrannical formations and evidently was an important place.



Ye Qingyu, Xing’er and Old Fish followed him into the cave.



The cave corridor, which could only accommodate one person through, was full of glistening jade and precious stones that even without a candle everything could be seen clearly.



The inside of the cave twisted and curved, extending in all directions. If Nan Tieyi were not there to lead the way, anyone that came in would most likely get lost in the cave.



In a flash.



At the end of the stone cave, there was a stonewall about ten meters high and four meters wide coming into sight.



The stone wall glistened in the dark, emitting a thin mist-like chaotic halo of light. The vein lines on the walls were rough and the surface layer was uneven with hundreds of fist-sized spherical hollows.



“The Domain Gate!” Xing'er exclaimed.



Ye Qingyu also flashed a glimmer of amazement in his eyes.



He did not expect that within the Immortal God Emperor Sect’s Wei river mountain range there would be a Domain Gate!



“Brother Qingyu, after this time, I do not know when we would meet again. You have seen the coordinates of the Clear River Domain. In the future, if necessary, you can always enter through this gate...” Nan Tieyi slowly took off the glowing purple jade on his forehead, while looking at the Domain Gate, sighing.

Ye Qingyu knew that the reason that Nan Tieyi sent away everyone and personally brought him here was to prevent anyone finding out the coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

The world was formed with a righteous heart.



While the Clear River Domain was in a mess, people killing each other for the coordinates of Heaven Wasteland Domain, turning against each other, Nan Tieyi truly showed the morals and righteousness of a descendant of the Imperial court.



There were no words that could express his appreciation for this great help!



Ye Qingyu, with a solemn face, slightly nodded his head.



Ding!



Nan Tieyi gracefully threw the glowing purple jade towards the Domain Gate. As the jade pendant touched upon the Domain Gate, erupting in purple light, the entirecave was lit up with the chaotic light like it was daytime.

The three people one by one said farewell to Nan Tieyi, before turning around and entering into the halo of chaotic light...



……



Heaven Wasteland Domain.



Snow Empire, Snow capital.



At noon, it was scorching.



A few cotton-like clouds floated in the blue sky.



When the gentle breeze brushed past and under the blazing sun, the Light Palace seemed to be more solemn and imposing like the center of a complex of small kingdoms, in which a clatter of pots and pans were suddenly heard in one of the halls of the palace.

A slightly chubby middle-aged woman with an apron around her waist was standing at the door of the palace, ordering a little servant girl to do something.



The middle-aged woman was Mother Wu who had been following Ye Qingyu since Youyan Pass to take care of him.



Ye Qingyu had been away from Heaven Wasteland Domain for almost half a year, but Mother Wu’s skin seemed to be more glowing and delicate than before, though she was still dressed in ordinary cotton clothes.



Her complexion was much better than that in the past. At the tip of her brow and in the corner of her eyes were the slightest imperceptible majesty.



Mother Wu entered into the main hall, ordering the more than ten women who were busy working as she walked along.

The division of labour was clear, someone was cutting vegetables, someone was lighting fire, and someone was preparing some pastries.



The main hall was unexpectedly a huge kitchen!



Mother Wu walked across a row of cooking stoves.



On the stove, there were several big casserole pots bubbling away, giving off a strong aroma.



“Sigh, I don't know when Lord will come back and try my soup.” Mother Wu looked at the boiling casserole pot and sighed softly.



She suddenly thought of Ye Qingyu, the young man who had changed her fate for the rest of her life.



If it were not for Ye Qingyu, she would certainly still be at Youyan Pass, guarding her family and living a poor life.



It was Ye Qingyu who brought about a tremendous change in her life.



An ordinary peasant woman like her who could only cook and had no other strong points, and had neither powerful family background nor martial arts knowledge would be looked down on by everyone.



But since she followed Ye Qingyu to the Light Palace, she rightfully became the chief chef of Light Palace with more than ten people at her command and she didn't even have to cook herself.

Although she was just a little cook, but in the Light Palace everyone respected her, and outside of the Light Palace there was no one who dared to show any disrespect to her. Even the nobles of Snow Empire did not looked down on her because she was only a small cook.



She naturally knew well of the reason, her status today was all because of Ye Qingyu!



She had always kept in mind that Ye Qingyu enjoyed drinking her soup a lot.

But Ye Qingyu had left Heaven Wasteland Domain for more than half a year. Afraid that her cooking skills would be out of practice she always came to the kitchen to cook three meals a day for everyone. She looked forward to the day when Ye Qingyu would suddenly appear and to be able to cook him a bowl of his favorite soup.



With this thought Mother Wu took on a look of anticipation.



A gust of breeze blew.



A burst of rustling sound attracted the attention of Mother Wu who was immersed in her memories.



Not far away from the main hall, the bright fire leaves were swaying and trembling in the wind. Occasionally, a few leaves fell from the branches, whirling in the air.

In the woods of fire trees.



A young man in a white robe was practising martial arts in the woods.



His eyes were covered with a blue ribbon, wearing an indifferent expression on his face. It was Bai Yuanxing!



After more than six months, Bai Yuanxing’s entire appearance had changed, like he was reborn.



His body was much stronger than it used to be, his dark hair was tied at the top of his head, and the blue ribbon around his eyes was dancing in the air with the wind.



As his sleeves were billowing he gently threw out his fist, leaving a transparent fist print in the void and a crackling sound in the air.



His foot slowly stepped out when an invisible blast broke out, and on the ground were bright fire leaves scattered off like water waves.



Bai Yuanxing's every punch and kick already had the air of a master.



The blue ribbon that covered his eyes added a touch of mystery to his calm face and he no longer could be recognized as the previous timid White Horse Sword fanatic with low self-esteem.



His cultivation had reached the Creek stage of the Bitter Sea stage!



Bai Yuanxing was not particularly gifted and was originally not suitable for practicing martial arts. But in Youyan Pass when he was struck in the eye by the dark fragments of lightning of the Dragon and Tiger Sect and almost lost his life, Ye Qingyu, in order to heal his wounds, taught him the Heavenly Blind Way and carefully guided him to cultivate.



Who would have thought that this Heavenly Blind Way was very well matched with Bai Yuanxing. Having lost his eyesight, Bai Yuanxing smoothly and easily cultivated the Heavenly Blind Way like a fish in water. Even though he did not possess natural endowments, and his progress in the beginning was much slower than that of others, but his willpower was incomparable and what he had was perseverance.



Now, Bai Yuanxing had reached the Creek stage of the Bitter Sea stage. One could imagine the pain and sweat he had paid for this. Although his sudden cultivation advancement was related to Ye Qingyu, but to have this achievement was already very impressive.

After practicing a set of fist techniques, Bai Yunaxing slowly withdrew his final punch and quietly stood still.



His ears trembled like he heard something and his mouth curled in a gentle smile, standing there like an immortal, graceful and calm——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

