Chapter 1077:


Chapter 1092, Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth



The tooth of the Dragon God?

Ye Qingyu couldn't help asking, “Is there really a Dragon God in this world?”

“Of course, the Three Emperors are the Gods of the Human Race, the Dragon God is naturally the God of the Dragon Race. Back in the God and Devil Age, the Dragon Race was a great race of the world, possessed remarkable strength, and was not in the slightest inferior to the Fiendgods. The Dragon God could be said to be one of the strongest existence between the heavens and earth,” Wang Jianru explained.

“In that case, how could his tooth become an object of great evil? And who is the Demon Lord?’ Ye Qingyu was very interested in some of the secrets of the God and Devil Age.

Wang Jianru explained, “In the God and Devil Age, there were God Emperors and Fiendgods, the strongest existences between Heaven and earth. They had once dominated the fate of tens of thousands of creatures, as well as dominated the history of the world. But in the most glorious times of the God and Devil Age, the foreign heavenly demons of darkness descended, wiped out everything, and even the God Emperor, Fiendgod, and the Dragon God were defeated. The ruler of the dark force claimed to be the Demon Lord. It was extremely terrifying. The original battle was extremely tragic, the Dragon God tore off the Demon Lord's arm but his divine dragon tooth was broken off. This is the origin of the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth]. Because it is contaminated with the Demon Lord's blood, this divine dragon tooth had been corroded by the dark forces, lost its divine nature, and turned into an object of great evil.”

“I see.” Ye Qingyu began to understand, “The end of the God and Devil Age, is it related to this so-called foreign heavenly demons of darkness?”

Wang Jianru nodded, sighing, “Not just the God and Devil Age, behind the end of many glorious ages were the shadows of this dark force. They are demons that can never be killed completely. Every time they emerged after many years of disappearance, they swept across the world, and destroyed a number of glorious ages of civilization. It is the enemy of all intelligent beings, and even the Demon Race of the past regarded it as an enemy.”

Ye Qingyu was shocked upon hearing this.

This was the first time he heard about this.

“Heavenly demons of darkness, do they exist in the domain of darkness?” Ye Qingyu asked again.

These days, he began to understand the domain of darkness. He knew that it was a terrifying world shrouded in darkness, and from which terrifying dark creatures including Wei Wubing, Zhang Wuxin and the Great Ancient Dragon Emperor were born. He instinctively connected it to the heavenly demons of darkness.

Who knew that Wang Jianru shook her head and said, “The domain of darkness is only a buffer zone between the world of the living and the heavenly demons of darkness. It is a place full of ugliness and darkness, but is not the birthplace of the heavenly demons of darkness. The real heavenly demons of darkness were born out of the primitive world of darkness. It is the most terrifying dark creature in this world. And every time they appear, all that they brought to the world was destruction, death, and killing.”

Buffer zone?

Ye Qingyu somewhat understood.

Indeed, if the heavenly demon of darkness, a creature that even the fiendgods could not do anything about, really existed in the domain of darkness, then it could be imagined that the domain of darkness would definitely be a forbidden land that destroys everything. Thus how would Ren Puyang and Lin Yutang, as well as others, enter the domain of darkness and eventually investigated something.

Ye Qingyu felt that he gradually had some clarity about the real situation of the world.

“The Unmoving City of Darkness, is it in the domain of darkness?” Ye Qingyu asked.

Wang Jianru nodded, “This, you are not wrong, it is indeed. The Unmoving City of Darkness is not only located in the domain of darkness, but its years of existence is as long as that of the domain of darkness. Ever since the heavenly demons of darkness descended upon the world, the Unmoving City of Darkness has already been operating. To this day, it has been millions of years. Song Xiaojun is the current King of the Unmoving City of Darkness and her bloodline is extremely respected.”

Ye Qingyu wanted to ask more.

But Wang Jianru gave a wave of her hand and said, “This is something to talk about later, if there is time in the future I will slowly tell you. But today there is something we have to do, and that is to purify the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth]. This would be equal to removing a poison spot from Heaven Wasteland Domain. Otherwise, in the future it would certainly cause great calamity and even the destruction of Heaven Wasteland Domain.”

As she spoke, there was a ray of bright sword light leaping between her hands.

It was a very peculiar power of sword intent.

Ye Qingyu, after a glance, suddenly also produced a mysterious response. The sword intent in his body was gently vibrating, as if breaking out from his body. It seemed to be responding to the sword light between Wang Jianru's fingers.

“I will break this [Northern Underworld Jade], which is the core that seals the altar. Its [Supreme Ice Flame] had been taken away by you long ago, so now to purify the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth] will require the power of your [Supreme Ice Flame], which inherently suppresses the blood of the Demon Lord. I hope that your mastery of the [Supreme Ice Flame] is able to contend against the blood of the Demon Lord that has dried up for tens of thousands of years.”

Wang Jianru said with a solemn expression.

Ye Qingyu's face lit up with understanding.

No wonder that Wang Jianru had asked to meet him in the Snow Dragon's lair. It turned out it was because of this. It was here that Ye Qingyu had a fortuitous encounter back then, and with the assistance of the million-year-old soul, he was able to obtain the [Supreme Ice Flame]. Although the [Northern Underworld Jade] could suppress the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth], it was not able to purify it, thus she needed Ye Qingyu's [Supreme Ice Flame].

“Understood.” Ye Qingyu nodded.

As a great martial arts expert he naturally very easily understood Wang Jianru’s meaning.

“All right, watch out,” Wang Jianru shouted.

The light between her fingertips suddenly erupted in a dazzling blaze, and a beam of bright and extremely clear flowing light shot out, flashed passed, and then she suddenly drew back. Her body was fully enveloped in sword intent, protecting her within.

A moment of silence.

And then——

Kacha!

A light noise broke the silence.

The thumb-sized white jade, which was floating on the crystal altar, cracked apart.

The [Northern Underworld Jade] was broken.

A wisp of red light, like a fluttering strand of hair, floated out from the crack.

With one thought, Ye Qingyu had already brought out several wisps of [Supreme Ice Flame] sword light, coiling around the broken [Northern Underworld Jade] like a robe chain. The power of [Supreme Ice Flame] penetrated through that crack.

“Good.” Wang Jianru reminded, “Don't be careless, I'll be your protector.”

As she was speaking, countless beams of sword light, like sword seals, flew out from the palm of the female sword Immortal. In the blink of an eye, the true ice summit of the snow mountain and even the underground space of the Snow Dragon's lair were fully sealed. There was strange sword power flowing around, isolating everything, but also blocked everything.

This kind of sword seal was even more marvelous than Ye Qingyu's sword intent. It was obvious that Wang Jianru's mastery of swordsmanship was much greater than Ye Qingyu.

It was just that at this moment Ye Qingyu could not pay attention to these things.

His divine sense was attached to the [Supreme Ice Flames], sealing and incinerating the [Northern Underworld Jade]. The [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth] was in fact within this piece of strange jade. Ye Qingyu needed to penetrate the [Supreme Ice Flame] into the jade stone to thoroughly refine and eliminate that drop of blood of the Demon Lord that had dried up for thousands of years.

Boom!

A rumble of thunder sounded in Ye Qingyu's mind.

The sight in front of him suddenly changed.

“This is... is it... the world in the [Northern Underworld Jade]?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

He saw a completely white world, there seemed to be no distinction between Heaven and earth, and everywhere was a vast expanse of white. He did not know which way was up and down, which was before and after, and could not distinguish between southeast and northwest. It felt even more lonely and icy-cold than the dark cosmic Void, as though he was lost in the torrent of time and space.

Ye Qingyu didn't think that this piece of thumb-sized jade would unexpectedly contain such a huge space.

And it was not just this that shocked him.

Because he soon found that, in the white Void, there was a gigantic divine dragon that stretched across endless kilometers, hovering in the space. The body was exuding unparalleled majesty, and its dragon scales covered a radius of hundreds of thousands of meters. The dragon whiskers that fluttered in the absence of wind were like the rippling ocean surface. Looking at the huge dragon from afar, Ye Qingyu felt as tiny as a speck of dust next to a gigantic star. This was because he was very far away from this enormous dragon. If he were any closer, the contrast would be even more shocking.

Ye Qingyu had never thought that there would be such a huge creature in this world.

If this divine dragon appeared in the real world, it would have been impossible for Heaven Wasteland Domain to accommodate such an enormous creature. It was simply unbelievable.

Didn't you say there was only one dragon tooth?

Why would... even the Dragon God be in the jade?

Ye Qingyu was shocked by this.

Then, he saw that, not only was there a huge divine dragon, but winding around the body of the divine dragon were wisps of blood mist that were almost imperceptible to the naked eye. These streaks of blood were the same as the strand of blood-coloured hair that stretched out from the crack on the [Northern Underworld Jade] before. It was impossible to notice without a closer look, but it was also upon a careful observation that one would find that the blood streaks were almost present everywhere, completely entangled with this huge dragon...

The blood of the Demon Lord!

These ubiquitous wisps of blood were the blood of the Demon Lord.

A drop of blood that had been dried up for thousands of years had such terrifying power, able to seal and imprison such a huge dragon. Moreover, from the dragon's outer appearance, it looked extremely weak, almost without the slightest power to resist, and was quietly lying in the space of the [Northern Underworld Jade].

Wang Jianru was right. The blood of the Demon Lord was too terrifying.

It can be imagined that, if this evil force was to break out from the space of the [Northern Underworld Jade] and into the real world, then Heaven Wasteland Domain would most likely be reduced to a dead domain.

“Refine!”

Ye Qingyu roared, activating the [Supreme Ice Flame].

Perhaps it was because he was situated in the space of the [Northern Underworld Jade], with one thought, the [Supreme Ice Flame] had, like a silver ocean, flooded the whole space. It was countless times more powerful and violent than it was in the real world, producing wave-like howling. In an instant, it had already shrouded the gigantic dragon and the ubiquitous wisps of blood——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1078:


Chapter 1093, The profound meaning of time



Very soon Ye Qingyu realized that the [Supreme Ice Flame]] indeed had a natural restraint on the force of darkness. He could feel with his divine sense the terror of the blood of the Demon Lord. Facing this drop of blood that had been dried up for tens of millions of years, Ye Qingyu even felt more terrified than facing Quasi-emperor Mushan and the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect. Fortunately, under the force of the [Supreme Ice Flame], the dark blood was fully trapped within it.

The wisps of dark blood, under the stimulation of the [Supreme Ice Flame]], suddenly vibrated and produced demonic roars. The strands of black light that were as fine as strands of hair were struggling frantically like vicious python dragons, and as though it had sensed the presence of Ye Qingyu's divine sense, let out a mad roar and sped towards the location of where Ye Qingyu’s divine sense body was.

“Suppress! Gather! Ignite!”

Ye Qingyu's divine sense body bellowed, forming three hand seals consecutively, and struck out three ancient formation symbols.

These three ancient words were symbols of the secret technique of the one hundred eight ancient characters.

Ye Qingyu's understanding and mastery of the one hundred eight ancient characters had more or less reached a perfect level. After three formation markings were launched out, the [Supreme Ice Flame]], like oil being poured onto raging flames, erupted in a blaze, burning frantically and incinerating the counterattack of the blood of darkness.

Visible to the naked eye, rays of python-blood, dragon-like light, under the incineration of the [Supreme Ice Flame]], were turned to ice crystals.

“Who was it that helped me?”

Another voice sounded.

The incomparably huge dragon that was imprisoned in the dark blood had awakened all of a sudden. It snapped open its eyes, which were like two blood-red stars suspended in the Void. He released a divine light, which locked onto Ye Qingyu as he exclaimed in surprise, “A human?”

His voice was full of puzzlement.

Ye Qingyu did not speak, but continued to trigger the [Supreme Ice Flame]].

“You can manipulate this divine fire, who are you?” the Dragon God illusion asked.

Ye Qingyu was about to speak, when Wang Jianru's voice all of a sudden sounded in his ear, “Don’t pay attention to it, the dragon tooth has been eroded by the blood of darkness. He and the blood of darkness are one body. Both are dark forces, don't be tricked by him.”

Ye Qingyu abruptly took on a look of shock.

Upon a closer look, the huge dragon indeed did not look quite right. The scales were vaguely covered in black mist, and his eyes were like a sea of blood. In the depths of the blood was a faintly visible black colour. Wang Jianru was right; it really had been eroded and saturated in dark forces.

So Ye Qingyu did not respond and continued to activate the [Supreme Ice Flame]] to incinerate and purify at full speed.

“Human, thank you for helping me, once you burn out these dark forces you will be able to release me.” The Great Divine Dragon opened his mouth and spoke, “You have saved me, you can get whatever you want, just tell me, the great Dragon God will not refuse your request.”

Ye Qingyu still didn't speak.

The giant dragon was still constantly opening its mouth, tempting Ye Qingyu with all kinds of promises.

After Wang Jianru's reminder, Ye Qingyu knew that it was simply trying to distract him; therefore, he directly closed the hearing of the body of the divine sense, and focused completely on the activation of [Supreme Ice Flame]].

In the end, aware of this, the giant Divine Dragon began to rage and threaten him.

But it had no use.

[Supreme Ice Flame] was the nemesis of the blood of darkness. Moreover Ye Qingyu's strength was infinitely close to the level of the Quasi-emperor realm. Under the activation, about an hour later, the blood of darkness had been melted and destroyed, while the black strands of light inside the huge dragon body were also refined, turned into fine snowflakes that fluttered in the white Void.

In the end, there was a flash of divine light.

The illusion of the great Divine Dragon quickly dissipated, disappearing in the blink of an eye.

Between Heaven and earth only a huge tooth of tens of thousands of meters long was left behind.

The tooth of the Dragon God.

This was a real entity, and not an illusion.

It was the purified [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth]. The blood of darkness inside had been incinerated and dispersed by the [Supreme Ice Flame], revealing its true original form. Looking at this huge snow-white tooth, Ye Qingyu, also couldn’t help feeling astounded.

This was the true tooth of the Dragon God, which was comparable to the imperial weapon of a martial arts Emperor, right?

Even after countless years of being corroded by the blood of the Demon Lord, when it had restored to its true original form, it was still astonishing. A tooth that was tens of thousands of meters large, then how terrifying was the complete body of the Dragon God? And after so many years it still exuded a strong noble presence, aura and power unique to the Dragon Race. If this were taken to the Dragon Human Domain, it would most likely be treated as an unparalleled sacred object.

Ye Qingyu lamented, withdrawing his divine sense from the space of the [Northern Underworld Jade].

“Finally done.” Wang Jianru also breathed a sigh of relief, “To refine it, you have spent one year of time.”

“What?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed, “One year... I just felt an hour pass by, how...” He didn't carry on, because he realized that it was very likely that the flow of space and time in the [Northern Underworld Jade] was different from that of the normal world.

“I need to take away the tooth of the Dragon God that had been purified.” Wang Jianru said, “This is very important to us. I can give you other compensation?” She spoke in a negotiable tone to Ye Qingyu, but this tone of voice also clearly sounded as though she very much hoped of obtaining the tooth of the Dragon God.”

“If teacher needs it then take it away,” Ye Qingyu said unhesitatingly.

The value of the tooth of the Dragon God was comparable to an imperial weapon, but Ye Qingyu already had the [Cloud Top Cauldron], as well as the endlessly growing [Blood Drinker Sword], therefore he did not need other imperial weapon materials. Besides, Wang Jianru and Song Xiaojun were together, and since this dragon tooth was very important to them then Ye Qingyu would not be too greedy.

Ye Qingyu's straightforward answer had moved Wang Jianru.

She nodded admiringly, “This [Northern Underworld Jade] is also a rare treasure, able to change time. If used effectively it is comparable to an imperial weapon. Adding to this, it contains the profound meaning of the power of time. If understood, it is possible to step into the Great Emperor realm and you may be able to understand the real profound meaning of time. You should keep it.”

“Then junior will accept it.” Ye Qingyu did not refuse this time, and stored away the [Northern Underworld Jade].

In fact, after knowing that the inner space of the jade was that huge and can change the flow of time, he became very curious about it. In the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart], there was also a cultivation technique that was related to time. However, the power was strange and involved the profound meaning of the origin of time. Ye Qingyu had not been able to fully understand it, thus perhaps with the help of this [North Underworld Jade] he could be enlightened.

Time and space were originally the greatest mysterious power.

“The matter here is finished, I need to leave.” Wang Jianru pulled out the dragon tooth from the jade space, and carefully stored it in a jade box, and then withdrew the sword light formation that was arranged around the Dragon cave. “In the coffin under the ice peak of the great snow mountain is an elder, who is the chief God who had fallen back then. It is she who set up the [Dragon God Formation], and sealed the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth] here. Unfortunately, she had waited thousands of years for the person she wanted to see. I'm going to take her away to the place where she should go. The Snow Dragon Race outside the Dragon cave was actually born from being affected by her aura back then. They are considered her descendants. It was she who sealed the [Blood-soaked Dragon Tooth] and protected Heaven Wasteland Domain. It was also here where you obtained a lot of opportunities.”

“Junior understands.” Ye Qingyu nodded and then asked, “Shortly, I will go to the domain of darkness, I do not know if at that time...”

Wang Jianru smiled, then said in a meaningful tone of voice, “At that time, as long as you want, you can see Song Xiaojun.”

Ye Qingyu was overjoyed, breathing a sigh of relief.

That's great.

With a flash, Wang Jianru's figure had already left.

Ye Qingyu, standing on the summit of the snow mountain, could clearly feel that the qi of great evil around the icy peak had begun to dissipate. He believed that it would not be long before the Snow Dragon cemetery would become sacred and peaceful again, and the Snow Dragon Race would no longer be troubled.

He walked down the Snow Dragon Mountain, and as expected saw that the ice crystal coffin below was already gone.

Back then it was from the coffin where silly dog Little Nine took out a dragon egg, which hatched into the dragon Little Silver. Ye Qingyu originally planned to take the Little Snow Dragon to the Snow Dragon's lair, unfortunately the Little Snow Dragon had fused with the Light Palace, turned into a spirit, and although it could free itself from the palace, these days he was in the middle of training.

As for the woman in the ice crystal coffin, she was likely to be somewhat related to the Little Silver, but Ye Qingyu still did not know her name and background. From what Wang Jianru had said, there must be a beautiful love story about the fairy-like woman. Perhaps when Ye Qingyu arrives at the domain of darkness, he could help the Little Silver find some clues about his life.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that his life was similar to that of Little Silver.

After a slight stay, Ye Qingyu left the underground Snow Dragon cemetery.

In the icy snow space outside, the Snow Dragon King and other Snow Dragons were waiting patiently, They had already hibernated for a season, and now was the season of awakening again. Ye Qingyu’s appearance was met with a cheering roar from the Snow Dragon King, while the other huge Snow Dragons joyously crowded around Ye Qingyu like they were worshipping the God Emperor.

He stayed here for another day, talking about martial arts to the Snow Dragons.

Ye Qingyu passed on the [True Will of tthe Sky Dragon] that the million-year-old soul had taught him to the Snow Dragons, and then handed them some martial arts manuals that he had obtained from the [Infinite Arsenal] of the Domain Alliance that were suitable for the Snow Dragon Race to practice. The Snow Dragon Race was actually a group of kindhearted creatures that stood aloof from worldly affairs. Ye Qingyu hoped that such pure creatures could continue to live and reproduce in this world.

A day later, Ye Qingyu left the Snow Dragon lair and returned to Snow capital.

A year of time had passed since he left. The Heaven Wasteland Empire and even the Vast Thousand Domains had undergone great changes——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1079:


Chapter 1094, Subjugate the Four Stars Sect



The alliance between the Dragon Human Race and the Heaven Wasteland Empire had been made clear to the world. The two domains, one new and one old, had a great relationship with the Human Race. It was only now that the forces of other domains understood that the so-called invasion of the Dragon Tooth Army into Heaven Wasteland Domain was just a disguise for the Heaven Wasteland Empire to eradicate the rebellions. It was rumoured that Ye Qingyu had once helped the Dragonblood imperial court to root out the loose alliance...

And the strategy between the Dragon Human Race’s War God, Xu Wuya, and the Dragon Human Emperor was finally revealed to the world. The so-called betrayal of the Dragon Tooth Army was simply false and was made to deceive other people. The loose alliance could be said to have suffered a heavy loss. The vassals had been completely eradicated by the Dragon Human Emperor through ruthless methods. Now the Dragon Human Domain had established itself, and the status of the Human Race had greatly increased and began to quickly restore its strength and power.

At the same time, the Little Dragon Girl Zhou Yuexin and her beloved had successfully married. She had sent an invitation to Ye Qingyu, but unfortunately he had disappeared already and did not receive the invitation. It was said that the wedding was personally arranged by the Dragon Human Emperor, and the Dragon Human Race’s War God Xu Wuya was the wedding witness. The marriage had caused a sensation in the Dragon Human Domain, and also opened up intermarriage between the Dragon Human Race and the Human Race. It had a positive effect in the advancement of the Human Race’s status in the Dragon Human Domain.

The Heaven Wasteland Empire also got great profits as a result.

Having established friendly relations with the Dragonblood imperial court, the Heaven Wasteland Empire had a sudden rise in status and image in the entire Vast Thousand Domains. This rise was different from before when they all relied on the [Ice Sword Killing God], Demon King Ye. This was a kind of power ascension, indicating that the foundation of the Heaven Wasteland Empire had been strengthened.

Moreover, the merchants, domains and forces that had made things difficult for the Heaven Wasteland Empire before finally regretted their action. Not only were they shut out by the Heaven Wasteland Domain in trades and benefits, suffering a financial loss, but they had also offended many financial groups closely linked to Heaven Wasteland Domain. Thus they were jointly targeted and ended tragically. They could only do everything possible to beg Heaven Wasteland Domain for their forgiveness.

Such a thing had happened several times before, and after this series of events, even the largest merchants and financial groups of the world were afraid to underestimate the foundation of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. Even if there were changes in the future, these groups were most likely not going to turn their backs on the Heaven Wasteland Empire.

Ye Qingyu felt a lot more at ease when he learned this information.

Now, the Heaven Wasteland Empire had finally slowly begun to grow, its wings gradually plumping up, and even if he was gone, they also had a certain ability to protect themselves. This was considered as expanding the connections and relationships that belonged to the Empire. This was the most perfect sign of the rise of a great empire.

He did not stay too long in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

On the third day of Ye Qingyu’s return to Snow capital, he made a public appearance, then went to pay respect to the ancestors of the imperial family of the Snow Empire, met up and chatted with the former Emperor of the Snow Empire, and saw the First Princess. After the catch-up, he returned to Light City.

Then a day later, the Pill God of the Empire, the Medicine God and other older figures gathered in the Light Palace to formulate a plan with Ye Qingyu to enhance the defense formations of the empire. It took a full three months, before they finally drew up the plan, and then Ye Qingyu personally adjusted the changes.

Then, Ye Qingyu took action again. With the formation masters of the empire, he strengthened the defensive formations of Snow capital and Light City, and used a large amount of financial resources to trigger the underground spiritual veins to gather under the Snow capital. Almost the entire capital was turned into an impregnable Immortal city. The control method and key to the formations were left to the Empress.

After all this, Ye Qingyu left the Snow capital, and returned to the Heaven Connect City of the Road of Chaos.

……

……

The Road of Chaos, Heaven Connect City.

Heaven Connect City.

“What? The Lord wants to subjugate the Four Stars Sect?”

In the main hall, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon was very surprised to hear this.

The Four Stars Sect was a great sect of the world, with a deep background and foundation, and was where Quasi-emperors had emerged from before. Some time ago, the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect made an appearance, and how terrifying was his strength? Ye Qingyu had now said that he was going to subjugate the Four Stars Sect, how could they not be shocked?

If these words were uttered from someone else's mouth, the Great Dragon Turtle Demon would surely have thought it was a joke.

But when it came from Ye Qingyu's mouth it meant that something really was going to happen.

Ye Qingyu nodded, “I may leave for a long time, but before leaving I need to sever the possible threat, not to mention that the Black Moon Immortal Palace and the Four Stars Sect have deep hatred against my Heaven Wasteland Domain. It is time to settle this.”

This was the result of Ye Qingyu's careful deliberations.

“This... Lord's idea, of course, is good, but the Four Stars Sect is a deep rooted force and not an ordinary force, it is best to be cautious.” The Great Dragon Turtle Demon was afraid to refute Ye Qingyu's decision, but still kindly reminded him.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “When have I ever done something that I'm not sure about. Don’t worry you just have to let the news out.”

The Great Dragon Turtle Demon received the order and turned away to take care of things.

In his heart, there was still a great shock.

Ye Qingyu wore an indifferent expression. The Great Dragon Turtle Demon's reaction was within his expectations. After all, all the beings of Heaven Wasteland Domain had not really adapted to the reality that their domain had become a great force. Not to mention other things, but just the tens of thousands of elite soldiers, the countless experts of Heaven Wasteland Empire, as well as the advantage in resources and commerce, and the alliance with the Dragon Human Domain, were enough for them to compete with the Four Stars Sect. Moreover, this time it was not just him who would take action against the Four Stars Sect.

The headstrong youngster Lu Wei appeared, saying, “Grandpa has arranged everything, he is ready to go into the final battle.” On the youngster's face, there was pride, but also tears. He seemed to have learned some news from the old man Quasi-emperor.

Ye Qingyu gave a long heavy-hearted sigh when he heard this.

Over the past year or so, the old man Quasi-emperor had continuously taken action. First it was in the battle of the mourning hall, where he blocked the Quasi-emperor behind Ye Chongsheng, then repressed and broke through the several domains and forces that had made things difficult for the Human Race, and had also personally erased a few of the great evil forces among the Human Race. His methods of doing things were incredibly powerful and had set off a huge wave in the Vast Thousand Domains. The fame and reputation of the Human Race Quasi-emperor, who had lived a secluded life in the past, had already surpassed [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. He had become another pillar of the Human Race.

Others criticized the old man Quasi-emperor for being too tyrannical, and that he would instead create enemies for the Human Race.

But Ye Qingyu knew that the old man Quasi-emperor wanted to use the last bit of time of his life to show the world the power and muscles of the Human Race. He wanted to shock the stupid ambitious people and to bring peace to the Human Race with his last bit of strength.

Because his life yuan finally after a long period of time was about to come to an end.

Back then when the old man Quasi-emperor assisted [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] in that battle, he had already exhausted his life. At the end of that battle, the elder’s life yuan was already less than three years. This was the reason why he did all this.

This matter, Ye Qingyu also only learned about a year ago.

But Lu Wei evidently only just knew about it, which was why he was seen furtively wiping his tears. He could not accept the fact that his high and mighty grandfather, who was like a God Emperor of the Ninth Heaven, would die one day. He was filled with deep sorrow but there was nothing he could do to change this.

Ye Qingyu patted the youngster on the shoulder and didn't say anything more.

In fact, the proposal of subjugation of the Four Stars Sect was first suggested by the old man Quasi-emperor.

He had sensed the changes within the Four Stars Sect, and was aware of the seriousness of the matter. He knew that this former great sect, a top pillar-like sect of the Human Race, had been completely corrupted. Therefore he wanted to personally eliminate it at the last stop of his life, and gouge out the cancer growing within the Human Race.

Ye Qingyu was of course in agreement with such a proposal.

But the Great Dragon Turtle Demon was right, this matter naturally must not be treated recklessly.

Under the moonlight, Ye Qingyu was standing in front of the window on the second floor of the Heaven Wasteland Building, overlooking the whole Heaven Connect City, and began to ponder.

The next day.

An explosive message spread throughout Heaven Connect City.

The [Ice Sword Killing God] was going to subjugate the Four Stars Sect.

The news broke out, shaking the entire Heaven Connect City.

Some of the higher-ups of the Domain Alliance were also shocked, and thought that it was a joke when they heard this. After all, the Four Stars Sect was a great sect that had been standing for countless years, and in recent years become very strong. They belonged to one of the top forces in the whole Vast Thousand Domains. Even if [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was alive he also would have to think twice about it.

But soon, the news was confirmed.

Because it came from the Great Dragon Turtle Demon, the owner of the Heaven Wasteland Building, who represents the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the [Ice Sword Killing God].

“Ye Qingyu had gone crazy?”

“This... something big is going to happen.”

“In the past, Ye Qingyu feuded with the Four Stars holy girl, could this be the cause of the war?”

“It won’t be so simple. I have heard that the fall of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] is connected to the Four Stars Sect. It was a trap set by the new Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect... If it’s because of this, it is understandable that Demon King Ye wants to retaliate against the Four Stars Sect.”

“He should still think it over carefully first, after all it is a sect that a martial arts Emperor had emerged from before.”

“Hey, back then, Li Xiaofei had once broke through the mountain gate of the Four Stars Sect, and now Demon King Ye also want to emulate him? However, he is not yet a Quasi-emperor. He most likely does not have enough weight to do so!”

“Haha, in these years the Four Stars Sect had been in the limelight too much, and had started conflicts with many other forces and sects of the Human Race. It also did not get along with the former chief envoy of the Human Race Ren Puyang. Many conflicts had broken out between them. Vaguely they had already placed themselves above the Human Race, and the way they act is domineering and savage. Demon King Ye must not be able to stand them any longer. It's just an excuse to conquest.”

“There's going to be a good show.”

For a moment, there were debates everywhere.

Countless forces and sects were speculating and calculating the odds of Ye Qingyu's victory, but were not too optimistic. After all, to win against an ancient sect that a martial arts Emperor had emerged from was something that only a martial arts Emperor existence could achieve. The [Ice Sword Killing God] was very strong, very powerful, but he had yet to become an Emperor, and was not even considered a Quasi-emperor.

Meanwhile, the Four Stars Sect also responded.

“Just the barking of a jumping clown, Demon King Ye is looking for death. Bring it on! He will die at the foot of the Four Stars mountain with one slash.”

The Four Stars holy girl also responded——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1080:


Chapter 1095 Start of a Great Battle


The Four Stars Sect took a hardline stance and it was obvious that they would battle Ye Qingyu head-on.

No one was surprised by their reaction.

The moment this situation intensified, there was no party who was absolutely right, and the Four Stars Sect was definitely not about to initiate a compromise in the midst of such a conflict. Both the elders who had held their positions for centuries and their disciples were all extremely arrogant. Their pride would not allow them to compromise without a fight. They were enraged by this sudden challenge and Ye Qingyu had clearly singled them out with his message, so everyone at the Four Stars Sect treated this as an unforgivable crime.

As for the crimes they had committed against Ye Qingyu and the Heaven Wasteland Domain——

Haha, that was just the strong punishing the weak. Wasn't it what they had deserved?

"No one has dared to challenge us for several millennia. Haha, I guess the people in the current era have yet to experience the power and might of the Four Stars Sect for themselves. Ye Qingyu is destined to be a withered bone at the foot of our mountain."

"Killing Ye Qingyu will be as simple as killing a dog."

"He has become way too haughty."

"Those who dare to challenge us will be destined to die and will have to pay for their crimes with their blood."

Since the Four Stars Holy Girl made her statement, the elders of the Four Stars Sect also issued their statements.

This was especially so for the Seven Sons of the Four Stars Sect. These seven people were the most elite experts of the younger generation and had once astonished the entire Vast Thousand Domains with their might before they entered the sect to practice their cultivation in self-isolation. It was said that they were the personal disciples of the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect. They had re-emerged eight years ago and had stunned everyone with their incredible prowess. They had been itching to battle against someone of their caliber, so now that the [Ice Sword Killing God] was suddenly targeting the Four Stars Sect, this was the perfect opportunity for them to do so.

The only surprising thing was that the current Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect had yet to release a statement.

Despite being one of the closest allies of the Four Stars Sect, the Mizar Dynasty of the Mizar Domain also remained silent on this issue. Nonetheless, many people witnessed that there was some movement of the elite troops of the Mizar Race, as though they were preparing for some action.

To everyone's surprise, the Black Moon Immortal Palace, which had been ordered by the Alliance of Domains to seal their sect in self-reflection, broke their silence to voice their support for the Four Stars Sect publicly. The current palace master of the Black Moon Immortal Palace even stated brazenly, "The [Ice Sword Killing God] Madman Ye is the festering tumor of the Human Race. His ways are cruel and ruthless, and his hands are stained with blood. The Black Moon Immortal Palace has decided to break our silence to form an alliance with the Four Stars Sect to kill this evil being!"

Several senior elders of the Black Moon Immortal Palace were even more outspoken.

They went around proclaiming brazenly that the punishment that their sect had been forced to bear was a conspiracy orchestrated by Ye Qingyu, and that the previous spokesperson of the Human Race, Ren Puyang, acted on his own accord to mete out this unfair punishment. Now that Ren Puyang was dead, this sentence was no longer valid and the Black Moon Immortal Palace would no longer follow the orders of anyone from the Human Race headquarters of the Alliance of Domains. Ren Puyang had paid the price for his actions and deserved death...

The situation became chaotic.

Time flew by.

In a blink of an eye, ten days flew by.

Everyone focused their attention on the Heaven Wasteland Building.

On the morning of the 11th day, the skies were bright and clear. Ye Qingyu emerged from the Heaven Wasteland Building clad in his white robes, and exited the Domain Gate at the north end of Heaven Connect City to leave the Chaotic Ruins Domain, heading for the Four Sects Domain where the Four Stars Sect was located.

This news shook the entire city.

Was the battle that would shake the entire Vast Thousand Domains about to finally begin?

Countless figures secretly followed Ye Qingyu from behind. They wanted to witness this upcoming frightening battle for themselves. There had even been countless other forces and experts who had already entered the Four Stars Domain and were hanging around the sect gate of the Four Stars Sect, waiting for this epic battle to begin.

Six hours later—

Ye Qingyu appeared at the outer fringes of the Four Stars Sect's sect gate.

He stood on a stone floor outside a divine temple that was suspended in midair and floated in the clouds. His white robes were like jade and his black hair spilled like a waterfall over his shoulders; his eyes as bright as the stars; his nose upright; and his aura like an Immortal as his white robes fluttered in the wind. He looked exactly like a peerless genius of the Human Race and seemed like an Immortal being who was not of the earth. His handsomeness and elegance could not be described in words.

The experts from the various lands surrounded him and also appeared on the horizon, paying close attention to his every action.

"Is this what the [Ice Sword Killing God] looks like?"

"He indeed looks like the manifestation of all the great things in the universe and a true dragon amongst men. All else aside, his elegance and aura are enough to distinguish him from not only the Human Race, but also among all the other races throughout the universe. It would be extremely difficult to find another person who would be able to be his match amongst the younger generation!"

"A heaven-defying genius will always emerge from the Human Race."

"This divine temple that he is controlling doesn't look like an ordinary artifact. I've never heard of it before." Some of the crowd's gaze fell on the divine temple at Ye Qingyu's feet and thought it odd that no one knew about such a treasure and wondered why Ye Qingyu had never produced this item before.

Soon after, the divine temple arrived at the foot of the Four Stars Sect's main gate.

The main gate of the Four Stars Sect was located in the Starry Mountain Range.

The Starry Mountain Range was a unique mountain range within the Four Stars Domain. All the mountains along this mountain range were independent peaks, and unlike most of the mountain ranges in this universe, these peaks were rarely interconnected. From the top, the mountains of this mountain range resembled independent stars and that was how it got its name. It was truly a beautiful name.

The Four Stars Sect took up most of the land along this mountain range and their sect had been fortifying this range for thousands of years and it was now known to be impregnable. There were countless defensive and deadly formations within it and millions of disciples within the sect. Their experts were too numerous to count and their buildings could be seen all along the thousands of mountain peaks, regardless of size. This was not a mountain range that floated in midair, but this sight was as dazzling as bright stars.

It was like a fairyland and the scenery was both gorgeous and meandering—an unforgettable sight to behold.

The Four Stars Sect had already received word of Ye Qingyu's arrival. And everyone, including the sect master, the thousands of core disciples and elders, as well as the Four Stars Holy Girl, the Seven Sons of the Four Stars Sect, and many famous experts, emerged from the sect and stood in the void that was a hundred kilometers from the sect gates. Then, they waited in huge numbers.

Besides the disciples of the Four Stars Sect, there were other experts from the Black Moon Immortal Palace and other allies of the Four Stars Sect. And when these people emerged, it was like an air current that rolled on for thousands of kilometers—they were like a divine and heavenly army with an imposing aura and looked extremely frightening.

Moments later—

The divine temple stopped moving.

Ye Qingyu stood at the top of the divine temple.

The divine temple stopped around one thousand meters away from the Four Stars Sect's army.

The air suddenly became highly charged.

Countless pairs of eyes locked with each other in the air, as though sparks were about to fly at any moment.

Ye Qingyu remained calm even as he faced an army of thousands single-handedly. He looked out calmly across the area and silently exerted his [Eyes of the Void] to gain a thorough understanding of the Four Stars Sect's army. Then, he could not help letting out an admiring sigh. This sect was indeed an ancient sect with a legacy of several thousand years as its resources were truly deep.

Everyone in the Four Stars Sect stood in their positions in the void. These thousands of experts all stood in different positions and each one of their positions was profound in its own way. They had secretly drawn on the force of the universe to form an invincible formation. They lined up like the stars in the universe and contained great and profound mysteries. The rolling clouds in the sky circulated around them like a nebula and seemed to possess a mysterious force that could not be deciphered.

This formation alone was enough to maintain their invincible advantage when they faced off against formidable opponents.

These were the actions and mannerisms of a true superforce.

You shouldn't have chosen the wrong path. Your glorious achievements of the past have now been tainted. If you don't realize your mistakes, I'll be the one to induce this awakening and force you to turn over a new leaf,
Ye Qingyu thought to himself.

Then, a loud voice could be heard from the crowd.

"Are you the [Ice Sword Killing God], Ye Qingyu?"

A burly, fierce elder spoke from the Four Stars Sect's camp and his voice echoed like a heavenly bell. He spoke with the authority and haughtiness of someone who held a lofty position and seemed extremely arrogant. His voice echoed throughout the void so loudly that he could almost be heard all across the entire domain.

Ye Qingyu smiled in a relaxed manner and nodded, "Yes, I am."

"As someone from the Human Race, how dare you release such a bold statement and claim that you want to go on a punitive expedition against us! You are inciting an internal war between the same race and your actions would not only harm your own kind, but our enemies would rejoice at this internal strife. As the third deputy spokesperson of the Human Race, you did not think about rejuvenating our race, but instead, continued to target and kill your fellow humans. This is a despicable crime…" This Four Stars Sect elder continued as though he was reading a royal edict, his tone admonishing.

Ye Qingyu remained calm and did not move to interrupt this elder. Instead, he continued to listen quietly as this elder listed his crimes.

This elder of the Four Stars Sect spoke for fifteen minutes and accused him of a litany of crimes before concluding that Ye Qingyu was guilty of no less than twenty crimes and divided them into three broad categories. The first was killing his fellow Humans—Feng Wuheng, Yang Wanqu, Ye Chongsheng, and other fellow Human Race experts. The second was disregarding the authority of his elders and attempting to challenge their authority. And the third was overstepping his boundaries and meddling in the affairs of the Alliance of Domains. Then, his voice boomed like thunder as he asked, "Do you admit to your crimes?"

Ye Qingyu shook his head speechlessly and said frankly, "I do."

"The evidence speaks for itself, there's no point trying to deny it. Even if you try to talk your way out of it…" That elder continued instinctively and only realized that something was wrong halfway through his speech. His eyes suddenly widened and he gasped at Ye Qingyu in surprise with his mouth agape.

He had not expected Ye Qingyu to admit to his list of crimes.

Uh...

Things were not meant to turn out this way.

He was suddenly at a loss for words.

The sect master of the Four Stars Sect frowned slightly.

The Four Stars Holy Girl, who stood beside him, took two steps forward and picked up where that elder had left off. She said clearly, "Brother Ye Qingyu, it has been a year since our battle at Capital Sky Peak, and I can see that you're doing well. You look even better than before, so I wonder why you are deliberately trying to barge into our sect gate today?"

She was dressed in white palace robes that were as fair as snow and not tainted with a speck of dirt or dust. Her body blazed with divine light and she exuded an incomparable beauty and aura—she truly was the holy goddess who was admired by countless young men.

Ye Qingyu's gaze locked on her for a while, then he said with a sigh, "You are already a beauty, so why did you allow yourself to sink to such depths?"

Before the Four Stars Holy Girl could respond, Ye Qingyu's face hardened and he said frankly, "You should know why I'm here today. Since you neither want to nor have the guts to mention it, I will not waste any more time listing your crimes and revealing your hypocrisy. Since the ancient times, history has been written by the victors, so I shall let your descendants judge what is right or wrong for themselves… Anyway, since you have formed such a formidable army, you're obviously not here to discuss what is right or wrong. Let's battle then!"

As soon as he finished speaking—

His body suddenly straightened.

His aura surged, his qi traveled for ten thousand kilometers like a divine dragon, and his abundant yuan qi rippled throughout the area like roaring waves, which stunned the heavens and swept the clouds into disarray. Mist circulated all around and the void twisted. Everyone realized to their surprise that despite facing an army of thousands single-handedly, he did not look like he was at a disadvantage at all.

A moment of dead silence fell throughout the land.

A moment later, someone transformed into a ray of flowing light and shot out from the Four Stars Sect's camp to charge at Ye Qingyu with his sword light sharp and imbued with killing intent. His aura was extremely violent as he roared, "Ye Qingyu, I, Meng Wuyou of the Seven Sons of the Four Stars Sect, will kill you today!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

