Chapter 649:


Chapter 667, New threats and changes

The remaining two demons shared a glance, revealing a hint of a stubborn cold smile.

Although they were deterred by the terrifying power of Ye Qingyu, they were, after all, old monsters who had lived for a long time, and very soon they calmed down.

The scholarly demon ran his eyes over the crowd, and finally his eyes fell on Ye Qingyu, as a ferocious look burst forth, “The human who does not know the immensity of the heaven and earth, so what if you kill us. I tell you, sooner or later, the countless experts of the Demon Race would awaken. Our Sky Demon ancestors will lead the tens of thousands of us demon citizens to capture Youyan Pass, take over the Snow Empire imperial court and completely wipe out the Human Race of Heaven Wasteland Domain!”

Ye Qingyu faced the blade-like ferocious gaze with a look of indifference.

He gave a nonchalant smile, “Is that right? In that case... go to hell.”

Before his voice had faded.

Ye Qingyu waved his finger in an extremely casual motion, as if he was just gently brushing some fluttering leaves in front of him.

“Ugh...”

A hurried but suddenly halted cry sounded from the mouth of the scholarly demon.

The scholar who was still cursing the Human Race moments before, was frozen stiffly by a cold air that began to spread out from his body, losing all his life force and turning into a lifelike ice sculpture.

Bang!

The ice sculpture split into two, before collapsing into a pile of ice shards, scattering all over the floor.

The remaining demon expert with side burns could not hide the despair in his eyes. The youngster before him was incredibly powerful, simply too terrifying. Before they had launched an attack on the people of Youyan Pass, they had already carefully investigated the power of its human experts, and even the strongest Lu Zhaoge was no match for them.

But, how did that happen?

How could someone with near abnormal strength appear in the Human Race?

Why wasn't there any information about him found in their previous investigations?

“You're the only one left... the same question, now, can you answer it?” Ye Qingyu was as calm as before.

As though he had not killed two Heaven Ascension realm demon experts, but two weak chickens.

The only demon expert left glared resentfully at Ye Qingyu, and then his body suddenly began quivering very strangely, and his eyes were clouded with a layer of odd dark purple colour.

“He wants to blow himself up!” With one glance, Lu Zhaoge noticed the bizarre movements and action of the Demon Race expert, and was just about to act.

But the next moment, he saw that the demon expert’s face was contorted with extreme pain.

“Ao!” The remaining demon expert howled angrily.

As he initiated his self-destruction, that terrifying icy power that blocked the meridians in his body, penetrated into the body, like tens of thousands of steel needles, drilling into his bone marrow, and like hundreds of ants nibbling away at his bone. Unable to bear the pain, he instantly sealed his demon yuan, and was unable to self-destruct.

“From the situation, it seems I won't get any answer...”

Ye Qingyu gently shook his head. He stretched out his palm, turned it over, and pressed down above the demon expert’s head who was unable to move a single step.

A strange consciousness power seeped out from the palm of his hand.

The demon expert's face that was twisted with pain, all of a sudden stiffened, immediately realizing something and issued an ear-piercing howl at once.

“Ah... you... it's... ah!” The demon expert's facial features twisted, seemingly in extreme pain, but no matter what was still unable to free himself of Ye Qingyu's palm. His hands tightly clasped to the ground, slashing out a few deep scars across the hard black slate.

An immensely powerful consciousness power was as though it was currently reeling silk from cocoons in his mind. His memory was like a fine cobweb, his entire memory including the depths was forcibly pulled up, surging toward Ye Qingyu's palm.

Ye Qingyu used the most terrifying means to forcibly search and retrieve the memory of the demon clan expert.

After a few moments.

Ye Qingyu slowly withdrew his palm.

The demon expert spouted foam from his mouth and, losing all his power, he finally slumped on the ground, paralyzed. The pain of being stripped of his memories was torturing his brain.

His eyes were hopelessly fixed on the ice crystals that had not yet melted around him, and for a moment, was somewhat envious of his two demon companions who had already taken their last breath. At least they had died right away, without having to suffer this kind of torturing death.

And on the other side.

Lu Zhaoge and the others who probably also had guessed what Ye Qingyu's intention was, were waiting for Ye Qingyu's discovery.

The consecutive killing of two great demon experts, and almost crippling the third one, such a thunderous method simply maked one shudder with fear. But in the eyes of Lu Zhaoge and the others, it was expected. After all, these three demon experts had killed too many masters of the Youyan army; their hands had been stained with the blood of the Human Race.

“These few, indeed are the Ancient Demons that had been lying dormant in the territory of the Blood Race Demon Court...” Ye Qingyu looked at Lu Zhaoge and the others, eyes flashing with a hint of solemnity.

He retold the memory that he had learned from the demon expert’s mind.

The mysteries of the matter was related to the appearance of the Central Domain Gate. Because one year ago when the Domain Gate was opened, the world began to change greatly. The strength that could be supported within the domain was greatly enhanced, and the Ancient Demons, who had been sleeping in the Snow Ground Demon Court for a long, long time, felt the change and woke up in succession.

Before they went into deep sleep, their cultivation base and strength had already reached the peak that this world could bear. The limits of the laws of heaven and earth of Heaven Wasteland Domain meant they could no longer move forward one step. With their life about to end, and a lack of better option, they had to retreat and seal their body. Through this, they were able to temporary fake their death, and escape the relentless erosion of time, hoping for the day when the heaven and earth tide would change, and they could wake up again, and break through the boundary.

And they did successfully make it.

The day of the enhancement of the heaven and earth tide of Heaven Wasteland Domain had finally arrived, and they had finally awakened.

They used demonic techniques to allow their strength to rapidly increase in the shortest possible time, and obtained more life force.

However, the ambitions of these reborn Ancient Demons also, with the growth of their strength and life force, increased with each passing day and were once again flourishing as before.

Before they slept and sealed themselves, they were all well-known important figures of the chaotic era of sects and not one of them was not a fierce character. Every one of them was ambitious, but the ruthlessness of life meant that they had to cease all activities and lie low. Now that they had gained strength and life, they wanted to make a comeback, not only to destroy the suppression of the Demon Courts and the rule of the Snow Empire of the Human Race, but they also intended to restore Heaven Wasteland Domain to the chaotic era of sects hundreds of years ago.

That was the time that they were familiar with and adapted to.

“The sneak attack of the Ancient Demon experts on Youyan Pass was not just a spur of the moment, but they were ordered by an even more powerful Ancient Demon monster. They call that person the old ancestor of the Sky demons.” Ye Qingyu cast a thoughtful look at the demon expert whose demonic aura was weakening, and gently shook his head, “But unfortunately, the old ancestor of the Sky demon is very mysterious, there isn’t information on the appearance of that Ancient Demon monster in his mind. It seems that they were ordered to carry out the operation this time.”

Everyone had an abrupt change of expression upon hearing these words.

These three demon experts were already very frightening existences, able to enter and leave Youyan Pass undetected. If Ye Qingyu had not helped out, there was no one that could do anything to them. But they were surprisingly under the orders of someone else, this... from this it was obvious of how terrifying that the Sky demon old ancestor was.

“It seems that this is just a signal before the storm...”

Lu Zhaoge glanced at Liu Suifeng who was breathing steadily but had not yet awakened, gently sighing.

The outstanding commander, in the eyes of countless Youyan Pass soldiers, was a god-like idol existence. It was the first time he felt the uncertainty of the road ahead and a sense of crisis. But unexpectedly as the situation was about to be resolved there suddenly came out a group of awakened Ancient Demons.

At that moment, strange things happened——

Rumble!

There was a sudden quake at the back courtyard of the Pass Lord's residence.

Dong!

Before everyone had reacted, the city's category one alarm sounded all of a sudden.

WuWuWu!

The warning alarm signals rang in all four directions of the Pass, and even the bugle horns on patrol airships in the city were issuing an incredibly shrill noise.

In a short moment, the alarm signals reverberated across the city.

The shrill and ear-piercing warning sound, in an instant, drowned out all the voices and sounds of the bitter cold border city.

Countless people in the city looked into the sky in horror.

For the first time, the highest defense and alert signals had sounded in Youyan Pass.

“What's going on?” Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

He had served in Youyan Pass before, and naturally understood the various defensive measures within the Pass, and was also very clear of the meaning of the various military bugles of the Youyan army. But during his time in Youyan Pass he had not heard the signal of such a terrifying warning. Even back then when Lu Zhaoge and the others encountered Song Xiaojun or Yan Buhui’s attack, the highest warnings were not issued at that time.

“It's a military bugle sound... it's... have the demons invaded?” Ye Congyun’s face went pale.

“How could it be so fast...” [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing exclaimed.

Lu Zhaoge also had a look of astonishment across his face.

He could not be clearer about such a signal; it was a signal issued only when the Youyan Pass was in danger.

Meanwhile.

On the tables screens, floor, and chairs in the hut, like cobwebs, the formation markings instantly spread all over the place, flashing a golden light, and constantly emitting a burst of dark red halo.

Boom!

Rumble!

A deafening loud noise kept ringing from the city.

A vast and majestic aura gushed out from every corner of Youyan Pass.

A number of light beams of golden formations cut through the clouds and pierced into the sky.

The sky of Youyan Pass.

All over the area, the sparkling and colourful light patterns weaved together, forming a dome-like protective rune formation, shrouding the entire Youyan Pass within.

“It's the highest protection formation...” Liu Yuqing stated.

The formations within the boundary of Youyan Pass were connected with the boundary of the outer area, and when the protection boundary encountered an indefensible attack, the formation of the Youyan Pass would automatically initiate the highest defense.

“It's a demonic aura! Take a look at the North city gate.”

Ye Qingyu’s face grew serious, his figure flashed, and a silver beam of light shot up. He was the first to fly in the direction of the city wall.

Rolling and bubbling forth from different directions, like tentacles, tyrannical demonic aura rapidly invaded the Youyan Pass.

“Reporting to Pass Lord, the Southern Incline army of the Snow Ground Demon Court is invading our territory!” The commander of the city wall defense battalion darted over, the shock on his face still had not yet receded.

“Congyun, take him to the dungeon, and then join us at the city walls.” Lu Zhaoge turned into a stream of golden light, disappearing where he stood.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

Several different colours of smoke signals were fired from the hand of [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing, before he turned into a stream of light and sped away in the direction of the city wall——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 650:


Chapter 668, A power that does not belong to the world



At the same time.

Countless trails of light  headed in the same direction; toward the city walls.

These light figures were the several commanders and generals of the front line battalion, left defense battalion, right defense battalion and the rear guard battalion who came right away upon receiving the special military signal.

On the city wall.

Ye Qingyu was standing with hands clasped behind his back.

On the other side, Lu Zhaoge's black armour was glowing with a golden light, and his expression was solemn.

Following behind him, [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing and the other Generals had a look of disbelief twisted across their face, looking in the direction outside Youyan Pass.

The scene in the distance was madness and horror that they had never seen since they joined the military.

The boundary of the highest level of alert of Youyan Pass issued a dazzling golden glow that turned the ash grey sky into an extreme silvery white colour.

This silvery white colour, like a light arrow, or a finger jabbing the eyeball, made experts below the Bitter Sea stage felt a burning pain in their eyes upon direct eye contact with the silver light, unable to distinguish what was happening before their eyes. And in the midst of the silvery clouds, a variety of shapes, and odd coloured demonic aura, began to spread around in a very bizarre path.

In the distance.

At the end of a snowy mountain connected to heaven and earth.

The snowy mist and blizzard that filled the sky were like hurricane waves rolling across in the ocean

The demons that were everywhere like locusts, suddenly emerged, like a river bursting its banks, and came sweeping over from the horizon.

Where the demon tide passed, countless snow-capped mountains were instantly collapsed.

Between heaven and earth, a tornado-like blizzard hurricane was suddenly triggered. In the distance, the sky appeared to be falling, and the ground crumbling. The originally quiet and peaceful stretch of snow-capped mountains was instantly crushed into a vortex of quicksand, and snowy waves were constantly lifted into the sky. The force was violent, boundless, and endless.

The demon beast tide that was set off on all sides, like a giant earthshaking wave, charged towards Youyan Pass, as if to instantly swallow up the border town of the Human Race.

The North city gate where everyone stood, was the first to bear the brunt. It was the main direction of attack of the Southern Incline army.

On the city wall.

Ye Qingyu's eyesight could see very far away.

Moments before he had just stepped onto the city wall, and had already seen through the layers of snow and fog and saw the demon beast storming and roaring over ten miles away like berserk mountains.

But there was some puzzlement in his mind.

Because the chaos, the sudden attack that was like a surging wave of beasts, did not seem like the fighting style of the Southern Incline army.

Among the four foreign races in the borders of the Snow Empire, Ye Qingyu had the greatest understanding of the Snow Ground Demon Court. He could claim to know the main battle corps of the Snow Ground Demon Court, the Southern Incline army, like the back of his hand. The commander of the Southern Incline army, Burning Snow, was known as the strongest military God in the Snow Ground Demon Court, otherwise he would not have been evenly matched with Lu Zhaoge of the Youyan Army for several years.

Therefore, the entire Southern Incline army could be said to be the elites of the Snow Ground Demon Court. They paid particular attention into planning in combats, knew when to advance or retreat, had strict military laws, and was a very terrifying demon army.

But the situation before them, the demon tide in the distance, and the unprecedented chaos, were like a group of beast that had gone berserk. They gave off an imposing and terrifying force, but there was absolutely not the fierceness and iron will of the Southern Incline army.

On the other side, Lu Zhaoge looked grim.

If Ye Qingyu was said to deeply understand the Southern Incline army, then Lu Zhaoge could be said to be the one who most understood the Southern Incline army of the Snow Ground Demon Court.

The invasion that blotted out the sky and even triggered a turmoil in the weather was definitely not the usual combat operation of the Southern Incline army in the past decades.

For a moment, he was also somewhat perplexed.

[Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing did not waste any time, and incessantly sent out signals in different directions.

In an instant, the Youyan army, like a strict and orderly war machine, began to operate methodically. More and more commanders and Generals in the city's major military camps darted away in a very swift manner towards the directions of the four main city gates.

Outside the boundary of Youyan Pass.

The first in the sky was the Flying Demon battle division who swept over like a huge, raging wave.

In the front were the flying demonic beast [Snow Ground Pig Bat] and [Black Crow of Misfortune] who Ye Qingyu had encountered before during his first battle in Youyan Pass.

These two battle divisions were the cannon fodder force of the Southern Incline army.

It was just that these [Pig Bats] and [Black Crows of Misfortune] were several times larger than what Ye Qingyu had seen before.

Innumerable flying demons cut through the clouds and made bursts of mournful howls.

They continued to gather over Youyan Pass.

The long, black spear in the hands of the [Pig Bats] and the black feather arrows of the [Black Crows of Misfortune] were cooperatively firing toward the dome over the boundary of Youyan Pass, like a sudden violent rainstorm. Countless raindrops pelted down the boundary, causing rippling lights on the boundary.

At this time, on the ground outside the boundary, a number of differing demonic beasts were emitting a red or green bloodthirsty light from their eyes, frantically charging toward Youyan Pass.

These strange Demonic beasts were much stronger than ordinary demonic beasts. The majority of their body had been turned into human form, with only a small part of their body retaining some demonic beast appearance.

There were dog-like cheetahs with steel needle-like fur, there were black demon wolves with steel knife-like fangs, as well as humanoid python beasts that were constantly spitting out dark red snake markings, and there were also giant snow bear demons native to the snowy area and giant snow ground dragons...

What was strange was that these demon military divisions had not formed into any orderly military formation, but more like a swarm of violent demons that had lost their mind.

The demonic beasts that came thick and fast frantically struck the formation protection boundary, and suffering from the constant impact, rune boundary of the whole ground across Youyan Pass quaked. They seemed to be driven by some special force, as though they were willing to sacrifice their lives in order to break through the boundary.

The solid and stable protective boundary of Youyan Pass produced an ear-shattering roar as it took on the impact of the attacks from the demonic beasts in all directions.

On the city wall.

Looking down from a height, the commanders and generals had an abrupt change in their expression.

But as soldiers in this extremely cold land, their will and heart, which had been hammered for years, have long deprived them of the instinct of fear and timidity.

At this time, the soldiers and generals all erupted with strength, the weapon in their hand emitted a flickering light, standing in a ready and guarded stance.

It was not clear to them when the attack of the demon battle division would stop.

They were even less clear of when the last protective boundary would be broken through.

The only thing that they were certain of was that the moment the boundary was destroyed, they needed to charge to the front, and protect the Northern Stronghold of the Snow Empire, Youyan Pass.

“This is not the usual military style of the Southern Incline... It's a little strange, it shouldn't be like that.” Lu Zhaoge drew a deep breath, placing both hands on the city wall, where there were fine cracks like the roots of an ancient tree.

“Has the Southern Incline army gone crazy?” [Painting Saint] Liu Yuqing was similarly perplexed.

He fixed his eyes upon the demonic beasts that were constantly charging over and slamming into the boundary, incredibly puzzled.

On the other side, the generals saw the demon corpses constantly piling up outside the walls and demons that were frantically rushing over in the distance even by trampling on their fellow demons, and were baffled.

As they say, to know one's own strength and the enemy's is the sure way to victory.

But in the past, the Demon Race had never been so frantic or mad.

What was going on with the Southern Incline army?

Or what was going on with the Snow Ground Demon Court?

Beneath the city gate, all the higher levels of the Youyan army looked extremely grim.

Once the defensive line was broken by the Demon Race, Youyan Pass will definitely suffer a disastrous damage. Even if the Youyan army passed the hurdle, the civilians and many facilities in the city would be greatly damaged, and it would take at least a few decades for it to truly recover.

Boom boom boom!

A violent explosion spread wildly across the sky. The entire world seemed to be quaking.

Thousands of [Pig Bats] almost at the same time slammed into the protective boundary shield of Youyan Pass, blood splattered, and bones shot in all directions, as they were instantly crushed into minced flesh. In the midst of the mournful hiss, blood dyed the light shield. The saffron yellow protective shield was like the surface of a lake being lashed by torrential rain. Ripples flashed violently, issuing creaking and squeaking noises, as if they would shatter at any moment.

There was also an unbelievable number of black crows similarly, as though they had gone berserk, suicidally striking the protective boundary.

Youyan Pass had never encountered such a scene.

Ye Qingyu gazed in the distance of the pass, breathing out a long sigh.

He knew that he had to appear and make a move.

The next moment, a vast and majestic consciousness power, like a surging tide, raged out of the Pass.

This time, he deliberately did not hide the pressure of his consciousness power.

An extremely tyrannical aura like that of a Fiendgod from Ye Qingyu’s body pervaded the sky and earth.

A suffocating power appeared on the land of Heaven Wasteland Domain for the first time.

This world and sky began to shudder uncontrollably.

At the same time, as if a deity had erased all sounds from the world, the heaven and earth fell silent

All the clamour, all the cries and howls, all the roars of the drums, and the ear-splitting voices of the demons, all disappeared at once. Even the [Snow Ground Pig Bats] and [Black Crows of Misfortune] that seemed to have lost their mind and were constantly bombarding the protective boundary, also in this moment, abruptly halted their crazy behaviour.

They were all shaken by this power that did not belong to the human world.

Like they were under the pressure of a divine power, all fury were like fleeting clouds, so small and insignificant that it could be ignored.

All demons, no matter where they were situated, and what their strength and weakness were, at this moment, in the face of such force, they felt they were as lowly as an ant, without the slightest power to resist. They stood there shuddering with fear, their fighting spirit dissipating.

Everywhere was silence.

This scene was as though a supreme existence had emerged in the world of mortals. All living beings could only choose to surrender, choose to keep quiet, and choose to stand in reverence!

The figure of Ye Qingyu slowly floated up.

Under countless shocking gazes, he came to the overhead of the city gate of Youyan Pass.

He was clothed in snowy white, his black hair fluttering in the breeze, and even his hair seemed to be glistening in the light. His figure, silhouetted against the light, made all Demon Race soldiers dare not to look down upon him. Where Ye Qingyu swept his eyes to, they were like two divine swords, able to see through the vast demon camp to the rear.

“The Southern Incline army’s commander, Burning Snow, come out,” Ye Qingyu said aloud.

His voice was not loud, but it clearly reached the ears of every living creature, with an indisputable majesty and power——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 651:


Chapter 669, Burning Snow perish

The [Snow Ground Pig Bats], [Black Crows of Misfortune], and other Demon Race military divisions also began to retreat uncontrollably.

These two demon battle divisions originally belonged to a comparatively lowly and unintelligent tribe of the Snow Ground Demon Race, and considered to play a cannon fodder role in the Southern Incline army, relying on endless numbers to gain dominance. In the face of an expert that surpassed beyond their understanding, and under such divine pressure, they were finally awakened, suddenly restoring their rationality. The demonic beasts that had ended their frenzy, looked at the figure of Ye Qingyu, trembling, and had lost their previous fearlessness and fierceness.

The battle finally stopped for a while.

The entire battlefield all of a sudden became incredibly quiet.

But the tense and suffocating atmosphere did not subside in the slightest.

Several seconds felt as long as dozens of centuries.

The demons in the depths were also silent.

Ye Qingyu asked again, “Do you still think you’re lucky? You should understand that in the face of absolute power, the battle technique of throwing a sea of demons is ineffective to me. Even if the entire Southern Incline army were to attack at the same, there would be no effect. The heaven cares for all beings, I do not want to solve this problem just by simply killing. You had best tread carefully; otherwise the next moment, the side whose blood will flow across thousands of miles and bones pile like mountains will definitely not be my Human Race army’s.”

His words, like the decree read by a deity, echoed in the air.

The imposing manner of the Demon Race's battle divisions frantically dropped again.

And in the Youyan army, every soldier was fired up in this moment.

The fact that Ye Qingyu emerged in Youyan Pass was a well-known matter in Heaven Wasteland Domain. The scene of the strong and intimidating Demon Race being deterred made every single warrior of the Youyan army feel an indescribable sense of pride.

Finally——

Chu!Chu!Chu！

A prolonged bugle noise of the demon clan sounded.

The Demon Race camp was suddenly separated by a crack down the middle.

A huge snow dragon battleship swam from amidst the bodies.

The thousands of meters long battleship was like a living Snow Dragon, flickering with a silver glow under the sun, and filled with a power unique to the Dragon Race. All sorts of demonic light cannon, like arrowheads, were densely distributed everywhere. The battle ships of the Demon Race had always been only interested in combat power and killing performance, so in terms of aesthetics, it obviously was not in line with the vision of the Human Race.

The battleship was clearly transformed from the corpse of a Snow Dragon.

Generally speaking, the family of Snow Dragon had a relatively special status in the Snow Ground Demon Court. After death, a Snow Dragon would be buried in the Snow Dragon’s family cemetery, and rarely made into a battleship. Those allowed to ride such a battleship must be the higher levels of the Demon clan.

As the Snow Dragon Battleship neared, all the people of Youyan Pass saw the dozens of figures at the bow of the ship.

The most striking of course was the figure closest to the middle and front. A full five- or six-meter-tall figure who, even among the demons, was incredibly tall, had thick, white hair all around his body like silver needles. There was not the slightest human feature on his body, he was completely a huge white bear. As he stood up, there was the strong aura of a demon at the upper echelon being exuded.

Under the watchful gaze of the soldiers of both sides, the Snow Dragon Battleship slowly stopped in the void thousand of meters from Ye Qingyu.

“Human!” the huge white bear spoke, his voice like the roar of thunder reverberated across the void, “What are you going to say?”

Ye Qingyu knitted his brows in a slight frown and said, “So it’s the Deputy General of the Southern Incline army General Snow Bear Demon? What? Where's commander Burning Snow Demon? Why isn’t he coming out and seeing me?”

Ye Qingyu was from Youyan Pass, and had a very systematic understanding of the military of the Snow Ground Demon Race, especially the important figures of the Southern Incline army, which he was able to recognize at a glance. The huge white bear was the deputy general of the Southern Incline army.

“Don't ask a question that you already know the answer to, you sent an assassin and assassinated our respected commander Burning Snow, why do you ask?” Snow Bear Demon roared, “Human, you are humiliating us, even if you are stronger, my Southern Incline army is not afraid, even if we die today, this matter will not be left just like that.”

What?

Ye Qingyu was just as surprised when he heard this, “Commander Burning Snow Demon... has fallen?”

Snow Bear Demon roared, “Don't ask a question you already know the answer to, you despicable humans. You dare to do it, but are afraid to admit it?”

Ye Qingyu looked at the face of the Deputy General of the Southern Incline army, thinking about the frantic behaviour of the Southern Incline army before. He already knew that the huge bear was speaking the truth.

Just that the news of Commander Burning Snow Demon being assassinated was too shocking.

It should be said that, in the previous clashed between the Human Race and the Snow Ground Demon Court, the Youyan army had also thought of countless methods to kill Commander Burning Snow Demon, the number one enemy. Unfortunately, they had not been successful, but now that the Snow Empire was no longer in war with the Snow Ground Demon Court, the strongest expert of the Southern Incline army and even ranked in the top ten demon experts of the entire Snow Ground Demon Court, was unexpectedly assassinated?

Who could do that?

It seemed that in recent times, the imperial military had stopped all the dark operations against the foreign races at the borders, right?

Ye Qingyu turned his head around to look at Lu Zhaoge and the other people beneath the city wall.

Lu Zhaoge's face was similarly twisted with a look of great shock, gently shaking his head.

This was not done by the Youyan army.

“Given my current status and identity, there is no need for me to deceive you,” Ye Qingyu stated again, looking at the human bear demon, with a calm and indifferent face, “And I can assure you that the Snow Empire has not planned such an assassination, which means that it should not have been done by the people of the Snow Empire.”

“Hmph. Human Race experts assassinated our Commander Burning Snow, I saw it with my own eyes, the tens of thousands of soldiers of the Southern Incline army also witnessed it.” White bear demon grunted, “That human expert, claimed to be under the order of the Snow Empire's Crown Prince to kill our commander.”

Ye Qingyu’s expression remained unchanged, “Sometimes, what you see with the eyes may not necessarily be the truth, this, as the Deputy General of the Southern Incline army, you should understand.”

The White Bear Demon looked taken aback for a moment.

As the Deputy General of the army, he naturally was not really a fool.

“More importantly, I think you are not aware that, just this morning, a wave of Snow Ground Ancient Demons attempted to assassinate the military God of Youyan army Lord Lu. My Youyan army suffered a heavy loss,” Ye Qingyu looked at the White Bear Demon. “Your Snow Ground Demon Race also need to give an explanation to my Youyan army.”

“What?” White Bear Demon exclaimed, shaking his head, “That is impossible, the King City’s Demon God Snow Mountain has issued the order, to not cause trouble at the border again. My Southern Incline army has stopped all plans of attack, this... it can't be our doing.”

His voice faded, and after a brief pause, White Bear Demon’s scarlet, pool-like eyes flashed, realizing something all of a sudden.

“Human, you mean...” White Bear Demon stared at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, “If I am not mistaken, there should be some power that isdeliberately stirring up the dispute between the Human Race and the Snow Ground Demon Race.”

White Bear Demon fell silent, deep in thought.

The major military corps of the Demon God Snow Mountain had already heard of the news that the Snow Ground Ancient Demons had awakened. Previously, the Snow Ground Demon Court also had gotten into some dispute with these Ancient Demons. These days, the actions of the Ancient Demons were a lot more restrained, but unexpectedly they had gone to attack Youyan Pass instead.

After several moments.

White Bear Demon raised his head, casting a glance at Lu Zhaoge at the North city gate of Youyan Pass and then opened his mouth again, and said in a firm tone of voice, “No matter what, Lu Zhaoge of the Youyan Army is still alive, and the Commander of the Southern Incline army Burning Snow has been killed. The people that killed him, is no doubt your Human Race, this is the unshakeable truth. Commander is a deity-like existence in the heart of every warrior in my Southern Incline army. The Human Race killed him, the Southern Incline army will certainly avenge him, even at the risk of our lives, unless you humans can give us an explanation.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Fine, what explanation do you want?”

White Bear Big Demon firmly stated, “Surrender the murderer to the Southern Incline army.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Okay, I can do that.”

White Bear Demon inwardly breathed a sigh of relief when he heard these words.

To tell the truth, although he appeared to be aggressive outwardly, in fact, he was only forcing himself to hang in there. The Human Race youngster opposite him really was too powerful. White Bear Demon was known as a fierce warrior in the Snow Ground Demon Race, an elite military expert who had fought hundreds of battles, but in the face of this young man, deep down he still could not help but quiver in fear. Fortunately the other side was very restrained, and did not fly into a rage, otherwise, it would not be long when the Southern Incline army was removed from this world.

And at this time, White Bear Demon also vaguely guessed the true identity of this human youngster.

With regards to the news in Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Snow Ground Demon Court had also been closely following any updates. They had already received the news that the Lord of the Light Palace of the Snow Empire had emerged in the world. The information and news of Palace Lord Ye Qingyu, including his strength, judgments, portraits, and even his hobbies were paid close attention to.

“Within 10 days, I will give an explanation to the Southern Incline army,” Ye Qingyu stated, “But you must withdraw your troops. If you use this as an excuse to disturb the Youyan Pass, then don't blame me for being ruthless.”

White Bear Demon agreed to the request.

The bugle of the demon clan sounded, and the dark tide-like army of demons in the sky began to retreat, like the receding tide, fading into the direction of the snow mountain in the distance.

The Snow Dragon Battleship also slowly started turning around to leave.

Just then, Ye Qingyu suddenly spoke again, “Wait a minute.”

White Bear Demon shuddered inwardly, thinking that Ye Qingyu had changed his mind, and turned around to say, “What? Do you want to take back your words, Lord of the Light Palace?

Ye Qingyu smiled, “No, I want to go with Deputy General White Bear, to pay a visit to the Snow Ground Demon King. Would that be fine?”

White Bear Demon took on a ghastly expression when he heard this, looking at Ye Qingyu with incredibly astonished eyes.

“The Crown Prince of the Snow Empire has already notified Snow Ground Demon King, I think Deputy General White Bear already knows. Don’t worry, I will go alone.” Ye Qingyu smiled. “The Snow Ground Demon King does not dare to see me?”

Of course, Deputy General White Bear could hear the prodding tone in his voice.

But he still very respectfully replied, “This matter, I need to ask my King. Human Race Palace Lord, you need to wait.”

Ye Qingyu nodded, “Okay.”

The Snow Dragon Battleship drifted away.

The battle that arrived suddenly came to a temporary end.

But in Youyan Pass, everyone were still feeling uneasy.

The news that commander Burning Snow was assassinated had shaken everyone. Adding to this, the Ancient Demons had attempted to assassinate Lu Zhaoge. The situation was becoming slightly clearer, the secret great wave was not only set off by the Human Race, but most likely a combination of multiple forces. It was definitely not as simple as it seemed on the surface. From the fact that even Burning Snow had been killed it was clear how terrifying the other side's power was.

After a day.

The information from the Southern Incline army was that they had agreed to Ye Qingyu's request——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 652:


Chapter 670, Demon God Snow Mountain

Daytime.

Clear weather.

The huge Snow Dragon Battleship pierced through the sea of silvery clouds.

Under the sunlight in the high sky, it was like a huge silver monster advancing through the ocean waves, all the way to the Northern border, in the direction of the Snow Ground Demon Court.

Once one stepped into the territory of the Snow Ground Demon Court, the scenery was very different.

This was Ye Qingyu's second time in the Snow Ground Demon Court's territory. Compared to the last when he sneaked in, he was always on tenterhooks, but this time he was extremely calm, everything was within his grasp. He even had the mood to stand on the bow of the giant Snow Dragon Battleship, overlooking the vast world of ice and snow below.

The snowy world that was wrapped in a unique silver colour re-emerged in Ye Qingyu’s line of sight.

An hour later.

The Snow Dragon Battle ship came to the overhead of a barren winterland of snow and ice.

In the midst of the vast and boundless undulating white light, there was a huge sunken place on the lower ground. There were a number of barrier-like ice layers stretching across the snowy depressions. These strange shapes of ice towered into clouds, thick as walls, forming a natural barrier as though created by nature, overlooking from the sky, and looked incomparably magnificent.

Ye Qingyu stood on the deck of the battleship, and when he saw the area, he could not help feeling emotional.

The historic Snow Dragon lair area.

The scene of him straying into a Snow Dragon's lair with Little Nine once again surfaced in his mind.

The Snow Dragon King who was still asleep, the underground Snow Dragon grave, the woman in the ice coffin, as well as that extremely mysterious divine soul...

The mysterious divine soul of millions of years ago had not appeared since in the ruins of the Formation Sovereign Luo Su, but some of the mysterious existences in the Snow Dragon lair were still a great temptation to Ye Qingyu.

“After this matter is settled, I have to go to the Snow Dragon lair again... maybe there will be some harvest this time.”

Ye Qingyu thoughtfully looked towards the direction of the ice cave, slowly withdrawing his divine sense.

After passing the Snow Dragon lair area, the speed of the Snow Dragon battleship accelerated significantly.

The weather and atmosphere of the snowy land changed oddly fast, and in the blink of an eye, the clear sky was shrouded in snow and ice. A storm of ice crystals visible to the naked eye was like an evil dragon wandering around the sky and earth, tearing the world of snow and ice, as it came sweeping over in the distance. The distant icy storm was mixed with sharp blades- and dagger-like ice crystals coming towards the Snow Dragon. It was like the doomsday of the snowy land.

But the icy storm was melted away upon contact with the layer of glossy ice crystal scales on the body of the Snow Dragon.

That was the beauty of the Snow Dragon battleship.

It was half an hour before the storm slowly passed away.

Ye Qingyu couldn't help lamenting that in the territory under the rule of the Snow Ground Demon Court, the natural environment really was too harsh.

In this environment, it was only inherently strong species like the demon clan that could survive. If the Human Race were to live here, it most likely would not take much time for them to be wiped out completely.

Time went by.

The snowy scenery below was becoming more and more magnificent and mysterious.

The towering and majestic icy mountains pierced straight into the sky, and a number of sword-like icy mountain peaks, sheathed in thick clouds and mist, added a touch of mysteriousness and beauty.  Among the cracks in the ice layers between the mountains, hanging upside down on the edge, were thousands of ice crystal waterfalls, carefully crafted by the icy storm, all in different shapes. They were like surging waves that had solidified in the ocean.

This was a biting cold stretch of boundless land, where plants and grass did not grow, leaving only the land of ice and snow.

Rumble!

From time to time there was an icy peak suddenly collapsing due to the storm.

Large areas of ice forests were instantly crushed, countless avalanches tumbled down in all directions, stirring up a burst of snowy fog into the air, rolling across the sky.

The world in front that was covered by ice and snow, and every kind of scenery was formed from ice and now, was incredibly strange and mysterious.

This changeable snowy environment was indeed like an illusion.

But at this time, standing in the world of ice and snow, Ye Qingyu let out a gentle sigh.

Half a day later.

The Snow Dragon Battleship that sped all the way, gradually slowed down.

In the distance, shrouded by snowy mist, a very towering, huge mountain came into the sight of Ye Qingyu.

“Human, ahead is the Demon God Snow Mountain.” Standing on the other side of the battleship in silence, and dared not to take a step away from Ye Qingyu, Deputy General White Bear Demon ordered someone to fire a dark red formation signal into the sky.

The blood-red formation light shot straight through the layers of clouds, instantly staining a stretch of clouds crimson red.

At the same time——

Wu！

Opposite, the mountain peaks, hidden among the clouds of ice and snow, responded to the very long and deep bugle sound.

A strange sight appeared.

In the distance.

Wrapped around the mountain peaks, the barrier-like snowy mist, as if guided by the bugle sound, quickly retreated to both sides.

The Demon God Snow Mountain, like a snow beauty hiding behind the curtain of ice and snow, finally revealed its true face.

Ye Qingyu was also shaken by the sight before him.

This was a majestic mountain peak that could not even be described with the words ‘grand’ and ‘spectacular’.

The peak towered into the skies, seeming to extend to the end of the sky, almost merging into one.

This Demon God Snow Mountain was not at all like an ordinary stretch of continuous snowy peaks.

It was isolated, icy cold and proud, like a giant sword, standing alone at the end of the ice field. It looked like a giant in an ice-silver armour, overlooking the vast land of ice and snow. The rugged icy cliffs were extremely steep, as though carved by the ice knife and giant ice axe of nature. Between the glacial cliffs, hundreds of meters long icicles were sparkling like jade, glowing with a white and flawless light, as well as an icy waterfall flowing out swiftly.

The natural feature unique to the snowy land made the entire ice peak sculpture appear more exquisite.

Far away, the frozen waterfalls, like a silver flying dragon, dominated this vast snowy area.

The Snow Dragon battleship constantly drew nearer to the Demon God Snow Mountain.

What looked so close was actually far. The Demon God Snow Mountain that looked within reach took the Snow Dragon battleship half an hour to finally only reach thousand of meters within the foot of the mountain.

The height of the flight of the Snow Dragon battleship was about five thousand meters from the ground, but as it neared the Demon God Snow Mountain, it was only at the height of the foothills.

Ye Qingyu was really shaken again.

This Demon God Snow Mountain was too spectacular and too vast, just like an immemorial divine mountain that connected the sky and the ground.

Half an hour later.

Having passed through dozens of rounds of demon guard inspections, the Snow Dragon battleship had officially entered the borders of the Demon God Snow Mountain.

The battleship slowed down and began to land on a naturally formed ice square between the mountains.

Twenty miles to the East of the square was a wall fortress formed from the piling of million-year-old ice rocks. It was high and unreachable, like a wall of the gods. In the world of silver and white, the glistening ice crystal walls were more majestic and imposing, emitting a very dazzling white glow. It seemed that humans of the Spirit Spring stage or lower would most likely be blinded by the white light before reaching the foot of the walls, and unable to recover.

Ye Qingyu, as the only human on the battleship, was only clad in a moon white robe, unarmed, and did not have a shred of yuan qi fluctuating from his body. Yet he still caused a huge shock among the Snow Mountain Demon Guards.

Deputy General White Bear Demon, holding the commander military seal, led Ye Qingyu towards the direction of the city gate on foot.

On this road sentries were posted every few yards, and was heavily guarded.

The most common guards were also demon experts.

The guards all looked at Ye Qingyu, a man who had entered the Snow Ground Demon Court alone, with an extremely puzzled, curious, and strange look.

Finally, after passing the twenty-third checkpoint, they stood in front of the South gate of the Snow Ground Imperial Court.

As Ye Qingyu's identity was special, even if the Deputy General White Bear of the Southern Incline army had personally showed him the way and carried the commander military seal that allowed direct access into the Imperial Palace, the demon guards at the gates still deployed six of the top demon elites to follow and monitor them.

On both sides of the main road in the city, were dozens of lifelike ice statues.

These statues were all sculptures of demon gods of the Snow Ground Demon Race throughout itsmillions of years of history, casted from Xuan Ice, and were as solid as iron. There were different rune halos of light penetrating out from every demon god statue, dyeing the originally transparent ice rock into a different luster and colours.

Below the statue placed an altar and furnace used to worship the Gods.

Some demon priests were gathered in front of the altar, praying and chanting sacrificial writings.

Walking along the statues, an open ice field appeared in front of Ye Qingyu.

He had reached the heart of the Snow Ground Demon Court. A number of flying battleships built from the skeletons and corpses of various foreign demons, were shuttling back and forth between the layers of clouds and ice rocks.

“Palace Lord Ye, please come with me.” Deputy General White Bear walked over to a sentry post on the South side of the icefield.

In the sky, a sparkling crystal-like jade white demon snow eagle, slowly descended, steadily landing in front of the post.

Rumor had it that the Demon God of the Demon Race had rode on a snow eagle back then. Its status was extremely high, but still was the only one allowed to fly into the core area of the Demon God Snow Mountain.

Ye Qingyu and Deputy General White Bear mounted the snow eagle, rising into the sky, and left with the demon guards.

After ten minutes.

The snow eagle stopped in front of a formation of dark red demon markings.

The twelve small demonic ships docked under the formation slowly rose into the sky and gathered towards the snow eagle.

On each demonic ship, there were dozens of top demon experts, who were different to the guards at the gate. Although they still took on the form of a demon beast, but their appearance was more towards the human appearance, and each soldier was exuding an incredibly strong demonic aura and power.

It should be the entrance to the Demon God Palace.

Ye Qingyu looked at the palace-like building below the snow eagle.

He had arrived at the Demon God Palace.

The Demon God Palace was equivalent to the imperial court of the Snow Empire, and was the core palace of the Snow Ground Demon Court.

And the purpose of Ye Qingyu’s trip this time was to see the Demon God and discuss official business with him in the main hall of the Demon God Palace——the Xuan Ice Demon Tower.

Here, it was much more heavily guarded than before.

After passing the first demon protection formation, the snow eagle began to descend from a height. After advancing for several moments, the demonic aura was more intense, and formations with bizarre markings began to appear in front of them.

They passed through a total of eight defence formations.

Like a crane among a flock of chickens, the giant Xuan Ice Demon Tower was sculpted from extremely complete tens of millions of years of ice rock. Its entire body was sparkling, like incomparably translucent glass exuding a luster, which was slightly dark red and seemed like there was blood flowing inside. It was said that the million years old Xuan Ice was not really produced in the land of Heaven Wasteland Domain, but a flying ice rock that broke through the boundary of time and space. The bloodstain was left by the Demon God that the Snow Ground Demon Race worshipped.

Ye Qingyu stood before the Xuan Ice Demon Tower, inwardly astonished.

He sensed a terrifying power contained in the Xuan Ice——a power that did not belong to Heaven Wasteland Domain—

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

