Chapter 661:


Chapter 679, White clothes enter the palace

On the Cloud Ascension platform.

“Crepe Myrtle Sect listen to my order. The 23rd generation disciple Li Rui, his martial arts is outstanding, he is talented, and he has a pure heart. I, the Palace Lord, appoint him to be the new Patriarch immediately.” The power of Ye Qingyu's consciousness power spread throughout Violet Spiritual Mountain, his indisputable voice of majesty and deterrence echoed through the mountain.

The sky and earth fell silent.

Not only the people standing on the square, even the spiritual beasts and birds in the depths of the mountains all quietened down.

At that moment all living beings felt as though a deity had descended, and the crowd of ten thousand all sank to their knees. There was no creature in this world who dared to make the slightest movement, only trembling in awe and fear.

Li Rui by the side, tightly clamped his lips.

The youngster seemed to be doing his best to control the quivering of his body out of fear

The hesitation and worry in his eyes were almost about to turn into uncontrollable tears.

He could sense that innumerable eyes were focused on him. The owners of these eyes were the people that he usually needed to look up to and bow to, but at this time these eyes were filled with envy, shock, jealousy, and of all kinds of expressions. In his entire life he had never seen such a scene, had never stood in front of a crowd, and had never become the center of attention, let alone become the Patriarch of a sect.

All this, was given to him by the supreme War God beside him, the idol that he worshipped.

Gasping excitedly, Li Rui could no longer contain his gratitude.

His eyes reddened slightly, and the corners of his eyes were a little moist.

Ye Qingyu turned his head to look at Li Rui, a serious and solemn expression on his face as he whispered, “I have brought you to the Cloud Ascension platform, but whether the Crepe Myrtle Sect would obey and listen to you, rely on yourself. There are many affairs and urgent matters that you need to deal with. Your shoulders must be able to support this. Stand up straight, as long can do this, you can revitalize the Crepe Myrtle Sect and not besmirch the name Crepe Myrtle!”

Then he turned his palm over and a jade scroll flashing with a white light appeared on his hand.

“Here is a sword technique, called the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General]. It is the technique that I displayed at the [Breeze and Drizzle building] that day. It is very suitable for your cultivation, and your personality. I hope you can make good use of it. The next time we meet again, I look forward to you sitting and drinking with me with the confidence and authority of the Patriarch of a sect.”

Here, Ye Qingyu patted youngster Li Rui's thin shoulder.

The next moment, his figure flashed slightly, turning into a wisp of water mist and disappearing where he was.

Li Rui gazed into the sky at the faint rays of light streaking across, and then down at the thousands of eyes still fixed on him

He closed his eyes slowly and drew a deep breath.

He clenched the slightly warm jade scroll in his hand, hoping that it could bring him infinite courage and self-confidence. When he opened his eyes again, there was unexpectedly a strange light flickering within his eyes.

It was a new, confident, determined, and fearless glow.

It seemed that he was finally enlightened. His timidity had faded into the vastness of heaven and earth.

The thin and weak figure had gradually stood tall and upright.

In the main square of Crepe Myrtle hall.

The beautiful young woman Nan Hua, watching the youngster stepping up the Cloud Ascension platform from a distance, recalled the scene of being rescued by him in the [Breeze and Drizzle building].

At that moment, she seemed to have a new understanding of what was valuable.

……

In the sky.

Ye Qingyu returned to the Light Palace.

Today's visit to Crepe Myrtle Sect was not on the spur of the moment, but something he had long planned in advance.

After leaving Youyan Pass, Ye Qingyu first came to the Snow Ground imperial court, and then conveniently passed Crepe Myrtle Sect, and then paid a visit to the Three Sects and Three Schools, the White Mountain Black Water Brute Race, the Desert Barbarian and the Southern Waters Demon Race. This was a real tour of the world.

He wanted to completely remove all the hidden dangers, whether it was a sect, foreign race or imperial court, all must surrender under the rule of Yu Xiaoxing. The world must be a unified domain to meet the rating from the Domain Alliance.

“Next stop, White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race Demon Court.”

Ye Qingyu was standing at the door of the Light Palace.

He suddenly thought of something, communicated with the little silver dragon, and the Light Palace cut through time and space, instantly passing across mountains and rivers.

A moment later.

The Light Palace came to a stop above a lofty and pristine ice and snow forest.

All kinds of ancient strange trees stood across the snow-capped mountain, like a boundless jade-coloured ocean.

From afar, the snow-capped mountain and the sky melted into one color, as though a proud Snow Dragon was unhurriedly moving up and down the mountainous forest.

Among the mountains, forest, and snow, a towering and imposing majestic palace, made of extremely rare black crystal stones, stood above the summit of the mountain, like the place of the Fiendgod. This was where the Brute King of the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race resided, [Obsidian Palace].

Around the palace, pale golden formation markings coated the walls.

The walls were tinged with black and gold alternating luster, dying the clouds and mist of the vast sky into an ink gold colour, like a constantly changing ink painting.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Three resounding thuds of a drum suddenly sounded from the sacrificial platform in front of the [Obsidian Palace].

Seventeen burly brute warriors armed with beast bones were standing on the platform of bones that was shrouded in mist.

Behind them, on a mass of black clouds, there were seventeen giant drums of at least ten meters in diameter and sewn from animal skins.

Between the forest and snow, a number of golden  formations, like silk dancing with the wind, suddenly darted toward the bottom layer of the mountain. The trajectory was clear and orderly.

The Light Palace traveled across several snow-capped peaks before stopping in midair in front of the [Obsidian Palace].

At the same time.

A silver trailing light streaked across the sky from the Light Palace.

Ye Qingyu entered the palace of the Brute King.

The white-clothed figure entered the palace alone to see the Brute King.

Upon hearing he drumbeats, the brute generals and clan leaders gathered in front of the [Obsidian Palace] stared at the tightly closed palace door with a look of great curiosity and shock.

“It’s the Light Palace of the Human Race.”

“After many years, it reappeared again...”

“Why would the Human Race come here all of a sudden?”

“Why should the great Brute King summon that human alone?”

“Could the Human Race Palace Lord plan to challenge the Brute King?”

Ever since the white-clothed figure had gone in, the [Obsidian Palace], which restricted the full operation of formations, had been quiet and motionless, without the slightest strength or aura being emitted, showing a very bizarre silence.

Half a day later.

The white-clothed figure came out.

The [Obsidian Palace] door opened and the Brute Race citizens that had been waiting outside suddenly saw a flash of silver brilliance appear inside of the palace. And among the silver light, a human figure clad in a robe whiter than snow and with black hair flowing like a waterfall finally came out, silhouetted against the light.

Surprise.

Astonishment.

The crowd stared in disbelief at the man who was not like a human being but more like a god.

At that moment, the young man clearly did not reveal any strength, but for some reason subconsciously there was a feeling of wanting to surrender to him.

For a moment, no one dared to speak.

In front of the palace.

A tall and burly figure of more than seven meters tall, with fiery red hair, was clothed in a bear skin cloak. It was the commander of the Ancient Wild Battle corps, Jin Bi. He did not pay attention to the surprise and shock of the people, and instead personally led the way for the white-clothed human, driving the clouds Eastward and landing in front of the Witch God Shrine.

The Brute Race was a race of royalty and religion, and in addition to the Brute King sitting in the palace, the high priest in the Witch God Shrine was one of the leaders of the Brute Race.

Ye Qingyu entered the Witch God Shrine.

The white-clothed figure entered the Witch God Shrine alone.

The brute generals and clan leaders who hurried to the Witch God Shrine took on a look of shock one after another, while some of the clan leaders lashed out.

“It is an insult, how can a human being enter the Witch God Shrine!”

“Lord Witch God, hurry and make that filthy human body leave the shrine!”

“There is a human who can enter the [Obsidian Palace] and the Witch God Shrine, who is he...”

The Witch God Shrine, as a Shrine for the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race to offer sacrifices to the gods and ancestors, was looked over by the high priests appointed by the gods. It was a shrine of thousands of years of history, the purest place between heaven and earth that the Brute Race believed in.

Now the place had been polluted by the flesh and blood of other races. The crowd gathered outside the shrine was becoming more and more furious and restless.

The several clan leaders could no longer hold back their anger, and marched towards the temple.

That was when----

Boom!

Rumble!!!

An extremely terrifying and bizarre gush of power rippled out of the Witch God Shrine, alarming everyone.

The black witch flames around the Witch God Shrine raged, constantly changing into shapes of a variety of primitive ancient beasts.

And from the shrine, there was another burst of wave-like yuan qi power that was enough to make the wind and clouds change colour.

This violently surging, majestic and imposing yuan qi power, like a gust of raging wind, swept toward the Brute Race territory. Originally standing in a circle watching and clamouring, the crowd of brutes all looked aghast, shivering with a very shocked expression of panic.

At this moment, all the arguments abruptly stopped.

Across the entire Brute Race, there was only an invisible divine pressure that shrouded the whole snow mountain range, and the body and mind of each brute was filled with ultimate fear.

Not only that, but all living creatures across the thousands of acres of snow mountain range and forest all felt the vast and spine-chilling power.

This was a power enough to suffocate all the living creatures. All the spiritual beasts in the primeval forest came to a standstill, and even the mountain wind and rivers were abruptly frozen.

It seemed that everything was shaken by this terrifying power.

It took half a day before it finally stopped.

The gate of the Witch God Shrine opened.

The white-clothed Ye Qingyu came out.

As before, he was enveloped in a silver and white glow. His Immortal-like figure suddenly turned into a silver light screen, and without casting a glance at the dumbfounded crowd of Brute Race citizens, he turned and drifted away.

And the Light Palace, which had been floating above the [Obsidian Palace], suddenly vanished.

The ripples in the void faded.

As though it had never appeared in the first place.

Astonishment.

Disbelief.

Shock.

Fear.

All the brute generals and clan leaders were as though caught in a strange space and time, standing in the same place, motionless and in awe.

Just as the entire Brute Race were blanked out.

Clang!

Clang!

The drum on the sacrificial altar sounded again.

This mountain-like tremor brought all the Brute Race citizens back from their trance, cleared their head, as they turned their heads in the direction of the altar with a puzzled and startled look.

On the altar.

A silver dragon-shaped flame erupted from the black witch flames.

The bones of various strange beasts around the altar produced a very bizarre sound like the rubbing of teeth and bone.

Suddenly from the [Obsidian Palace] and the Witch God Shrine, two black figures darted out at the same time.

With wide eyebrows, cheek marked with dark totems, slender and about five or six meters tall, and clad in a black and gold robe that flapped in the wind was the White Mountain Black Waters Brute King [Jin Bi]. The slender old man next to him, dressed in an ink-coloured robe, his grey hair hanging loose over his back, and holding an ancient beast head scepter was the Witch God high priest [Wu Que]. They stood imposingly, overlooking the Brute Race citizens beneath the platform.

“I am enlightened by the White Mountain Black Waters Go. From today, the citizens of White Mountain Black Waters will serve the Snow Empire Empress Yu Xiaoxing. Those who disobey the decree of the God and provoke internal disorder will be immediately expelled from the Black Water mountain range, and accept the punishment of God,” the High priest roared, quaking the sky and earth.

This statement shocked everyone.

“How could it be...”

“Bow down? To the Human Race?”

“Why... how can the Brute Race citizens bow down like the cowardly and weak Human Race!”

A sudden outburst of questioning and protest broke out from the crowd.

“Quiet!”

The voice of the Brute King was not loud, but the invisible deterrence was enough to silence all voices.

He looked at the nervous, and somewhat furious Brute Race citizens, and let out a gently sigh. Soon later his manner was more solemn and imposing, “I vow to the ancestors of the Brute Race, today we are not bowing down due to fear of the powers of the Human Race, nor are we enduring the humiliation in order to live, but rather to preserve the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race, to strengthen my Brute Race.”

The decree of the God, swearing by the ancestors,

The White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race citizens extremely respected this sacred decree, which came from the mouth of their most revered King and the representative of the God.

All Brute Race citizens, at last, knelt down successively

At that moment, they obeyed to the instinctive reaction of their spirit and will than to the guidance of the ancestors and God.

No one questioned further, and no one argued, all citizens knelt down below the sacred altar, sincerely bowing their head.

In silence, an unprecedented change, like a hurricane that must not be disobeyed, struck the savage Brute Race.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 662:


Chapter 680, The world trembles



Leaving the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race territory, it was peaceful all along the way.

The Light Palace hovered over the clouds, like am Immortal palace, moving slowly Northwest.

Ye Qingyu as before maintained a patrolling speed of neither too fast nor too slow. The solitary palace was like an emperor going on an inspection tour, although there was no flag or drums, but the pressure and awe that was brought with it were greater than a grand display of flags and drums.

In fact, from the beginning, the news that the Light Palace would inspect the world, like a gust of violent wind, had rapidly spread across Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Many people did not think that the inspection would, in such a short period of time, trigger Heaven Wasteland Domain to quake like it was being struck by a tsunami or earthquake.

Because just today, shortly after Ye Qingyu left the Snow Ground Demon Court and the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race, the news of the two large foreign imperial courts submitting to the Snow Empire's heir Yu Xiaoxing, and the alliance of the Snow Empire imperial court and the two foreign race imperial court, were announced to the world at the same time, and shook the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain.

No one knew how Ye Qingyu did something like that.

Under the gaze of countless important people from all across the world, this miracle happened just like that. It gave the living beings of Heaven Wasteland Domain the feeling that, wherever he walked, the land would be lit up, and become the territory of the Snow Empire. He walked past, he conquered, and he became a legend.

This was a sign of the coming of a new era.

This was the signal of the beginning of a new era in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In the millions of years since the birth of Heaven Wasteland Domain, the Snow Empire Human Race was the first race group to open up the era of imperial rule, and now the empire of the new domain was about to make all other foreign races surrender to them, forming a unified domain and uniting all citizens. A change that the many other mature domains had not achieved.

The news also greatly raised the spirit of the military divisions and people in the Snow Empire. All of them applauded and cheered, overwhelmed with emotions.

An era of peace and prosperity.

An era away from war.

An era in which mutual exchange of assistance and common prosperity can be achieved.

The major provinces and towns in the Snow Empire, after receiving such news, had been continuously drumming, singing, and dancing.

Of course, not everyone wanted to see such a scene.

The hidden undercurrent was secretly surging in the darkness.

……

In a twinkling, three days of time went by.

The Light Palace passed through the central area of the Three Sects and Three Schools and other forces.

The sects and forces had been waiting in front of their respective mountain gate upon receiving the news to greet the Light Palace, their attitude extremely humble and respectful.

After the Battle of the Light Palace, the power and sphere of influence of the sects were greatly weakened by the ploughing of the Snow Empire military, and the situation within the major sects had changed dramatically.

The current Patriarch of the Violet Seven Stars Sect was known as leader of the younger generation of the Three Sects and Three Schools, the [First Whip] Dragon Whip Jing Qiming.

That year, the former Patriarch and the Seven Star elders relied on help from the Right Minister, and finally were buried in the sword pit. The Violet Seven Stars Sect's reputation declined as a result and no longer had the status of the past.

Although Jing Qiming’s character was rather arrogant, he was still considered as a young elite who can adapt to circumstances. After he learned the results of the Battle of the Light Palace, he immediately led the remaining disciples to seal the mountain and protect themselves, which was, to a great extent, preserving the power of the sect.

Another who also made the same decision of sealing the mountain was the current Patriarch of the Sunset Great River Sect, known as the most outstanding disciple of the younger generation, Quan Zhendong.

After learning that his father and a large number of Sunset Great River Sect disciples were buried in the Light Palace, Quan Zhendong followed the suggestion of the other elders and initiated all the protection formations of the mountain gate. And since then there had been no other news.

After Quan Zhendong and Jing Qiming received the news of the Light Palace’s arrival, besides taking the initiative to meet the Light Palace, they also timely surrendered to the Snow Empire. They actively expressed the willingness to become attached to the Snow Empire, promised that the Violet Seven Stars Sect and Sunset Great River Sect would serve the Snow Empire's military.

As for the Dragon Tiger Sect, since the incident in Youyan Pass, [Sacred Tiger Son] Zhao Shanhe died in battle, the tiger faction collapsed, and the two factions Dragon and Tiger that had been divided for many years finally became one under the [Sacred Dragon Son] Wu Shanglong. The disciples of the Tiger faction involved were also one by one investigated thoroughly and sent to Youyan Pass, which was also considered as giving the Youyan army and Ye Qingyu an explanation.

During the Battle of the Light Palace, the Dragon Tiger Sect was not involved. They had instead acted in a low-profile manner, closing their doors and isolating themselves in cultivation..

Because of this, during the year when the sect forces were being transformed, the strength of the Dragon Tiger Sect increased rapidly, and had faintly become one of the leading sects in Heaven Wasteland Domain.

After the Light Palace entered the territory of the Dragon Tiger Sect mountain gate during its patrol, Ye Qingyu appeared. He ascended the Dragon Tiger Mountain alone, and talked for about an hour with the [Sacred Dragon Son]. No one knew what the two people discussed, they only knew that the Dragon Tiger Sect, which had never asked about the affairs of the imperial court and the dispute between sects, after the Light Palace left, issued the sect order that from that day the Dragon Tiger Sect has surrendered to the Snow Empire imperial court.

In the evening, the Light Palace then came to the Matchless Blade City.

The current famous Matchless Blade City Lord Qin Zhishui, led a number of disciples in the city to come meet Ye Qingyu and the others ten miles outside the city.

Unlike other sects, Matchless Blade City had always had close ties with the Snow Empire.

As everyone knew, Qin Zhishui was Ye Qingyu's good friend.

From the conversation with Qin Zhishui, Ye Qingyu learned about the present situation of Matchless Blade City.

Ever since he returned to the Matchless Blade City a year ago, he was elected to succeed to the position of City Lord. This year, with the support of the empire, the power of the Matchless Blade City had greatly expanded, and was now already firmly ahead of the Three Sects and Three Schools and other forces. With this strength, Matchless Blade City had suppressed all the little sects and forces to the west of the central plain, to surrender to the Snow Empire imperial family.

In this year Qin Zhishui also had been diligently practicing following the great changes of heaven and earth, and now his strength had reached the seventh step of the Heaven Ascension boundary.

During their conversation, Qin Zhishui also mentioned the Deer Cauldron Sect.

In the Battle of the Light Palace, the damage that the Deer Cauldron Sect suffered was the deadliest. When the news of the death of the Patriarch and the elders reached back to the sect, the disciples were all vying for the position of Patriarch and internal fighting broke out, resulting in a large number of casualties. Finally, the sacred son Wang Yifeng became the Patriarch, but the internal damage he suffered was too severe. There were only a few people in the Deer Cauldron Sect and it would be difficult for it to be revitalized.

Shortly after, Qin Zhishui  mysteriously giggled and handed a scroll to Ye Qingyu, which was the documents of surrender the Deer Cauldron Sect and other sects.

As such, the sect forces, represented by the Three Sects and Three Schools, was formally joined by the rule of the imperial court of the Snow Empire.

Early morning of the fifth day.

When the first ray of morning light penetrated the mist, the Light Palace rose again, like a tremendous ship cutting through the waves, slowly ascending into the sky. In a flash, a space ripple cut across the sky, with an incomparably tyrannical imposing manner, leaving Matchless Blade City.

An hour later.

Hundreds of miles away from the Matchless Blade City.

The Light Palace pierced through the clouds and moved slowly towards the Northwest.

Ye Qingyu stood in front of the divine palace, looking at the sloping hills being changed into a landscape of mountain desert in a daze.

Ever since Ye Qingyu destroyed the old monsters of the Ancient Human Race Sects plan of disturbing Heaven Wasteland Domain, he knew that the forces behind them would not leave the matter at that. For example, the mysterious people such as the Sky Demon old ancestor still had made an appearance, therefore, Ye Qingyu was always on guard.

But along the way, it was strangely calm.

It was as if the old monsters who were trying to start up chaos had suddenly fallen asleep again.

What exactly was the reason, or did they have another plan?

Ye Qingyu was not sure for a moment.

At that time-----

Swoosh!

A streak of white shadow like a flash of lightning all of a sudden cut through the void wall barrier, speeding towards the Light Palace.

“Snow owl?” Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed.

He reached out his hand toward the white shadow above the clouds. The snow owl shook its wings, and after hovering around the Light Palace, steadily landed on his arm.

The shape of the snow owl resembled an eagle, and was a flying animal commonly used to send urgent messages between the Snow Empire’s imperial family. Its eyes were red and sharp, and its snow-white feathers were speckled with many black spots. It was born with the ability to cross space and search for people. It was a rare species of spiritual bird, that only the Snow Empire imperial family was able to keep and therefore there were not that many of them.

The snow owl affectionately rubbed against Ye Qingyu’s cheek, producing a joyous low chirp.

On its neck hung a faintly glowing black jade flute.

Ye Qingyu smiled, put the jade flute to his ear, and Yu Xiaoxing's voice very clearly spread out.

Ye Qingyu heard the message and couldn't help smiling.

It turned out that an hour ago, the Water Demon Court had sent a message to the Snow Empire. From today onwards, they were willing to surrender to the Snow Empire and the envoy in charge of submitting the surrender document was already on his way to the Snow capital.

Ye Qingyu was not very surprised by this.

Because this matter most likely had something to do with the man and dog who went missing in Youyan Pass.

Ye Qingyu knew that Old Fishhad gone to the Southern waters.

The Water Demon Race could be regarded as the disciples and followers of Old Fish.

The Light Palace continued ahead.

Half a day later.

Swoosh!

Strange changes appeared again.

From the Northwest direction of the sky, a long arrow emitting a brown halo suddenly pierced the clouds.

As the long arrow neared one hundred meters of the Light Palace, it was stopped by a tyrannical force. The tip of the arrow dropped, and the body of the arrow trembled as it issued a low buzz.

Holding his breath in deep concentration in the palace, Ye Qingyu all of a sudden shot open his eyes. Lightning flashed, stars and clouds surged, and the aura emitting from him was extremely terrifying.

He made a grabbing motion in the air, and the long arrow that was hundred meters away was firmly caught in his hand.

This arrow was not made of metal or animal bones, which were commonly used as weapons, but rather a blunt block similar to soil being kneaded together.

Brushing off the dirt, a brown light screen suddenly emerged in front of Ye Qingyu.

Northwest Desert Brute King...





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 663:


Chapter 682, Nine serenities temples



A hint of puzzlement flashed in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

He looked closely at the contents on the light screen.

It stated that the Desert Brute King Shi Potian praised that the rule of the Snow Empire was the Will of the Heavens and must not be disobeyed. So the Northwest Desert Brute Race also had the intention to surrender. The words were sincere, and also requested the Light Palace Lord to visit the Desert Brute Race to discuss matters further.

“Matters? Haha, interesting...”

Ye Qingyu gently drew across the void with his finger, and the light screen abruptly faded into countless brown specks, dissipating among the mist.

In the distance.

Above the clouds in the horizon, a wave of golden sand was rolling across the sky.

The violent wind swept up sand and rocks, like a yellow brown vortex had gushed out of the ground, connecting with the sky.

As though the desert was angry, it was incomparably strange.

……

Half a day later.

The Light Palace came above the Northwest Desert Brute Race imperial court.

The desert was vast and boundless, waves of yellow sand were gathering together in fury.

From afar, the vast yellow sand sparkled under the sun like a thousands of miles of path was plated with gold.

The Light Palace floated in the high altitude.

Ye Qingyu, clothed in all white, stood at the door of the main hall, holding the jade railing and looking down from above. The scenery that captured his eyes gave off an indescribable grandeur, and the vast sky and ground were seemingly boundless and magnificent.

The Desert Imperial City was located in the depths of the desert.

But the location of the imperial court was not a barren desert, but rather a rare oasis.

The oasis was hundreds of miles long, the largest oasis in the desert, known as Long Life State. There was a spirit spring bubbling out from the depths of the desert underground, moisturising the land for thousands of years. For the Brute Race in the desert, the area known as the Long Life State, was the most bustling and beautiful territory in the desert, and was given by the Brute God.

The Desert Brute Race imperial court had been standing here for thousands of years.

Although not as bustling and flourishing as the Human Race Snow capital and the Snow Ground Demon Court, nor as grand as the White Mountain Black Waters Brute Race imperial court, but Ye Qingyu knew that the real core area of the Desert Brute Race was not above land, but underground. In countless years, there had not been any human beings able to enter.

Upon closer look, one will find that there was a limited number of buildings above the ground of this hundreds of miles of oasis.

In many other areas of the desert there were small oasis scattered across for the use of ordinary Brute Racebrute race citizens because all the land was needed to grow crops for the entire Brute Race imperial family and the higher class citizens.. In the desert, the water and the land that can be cultivated were too precious, and were absolutely not allowed to be destroyed——even the imperial family was not allowed.

The Light Palace slowly appeared from the ripples in the void.

The next second, there was a troop of Brute Race experts coming to welcome him on giant winged lizards.

The winged lizard was a spiritual beast unique to the desert, with the appearance of a lizard and a pair of wings to six pairs on its back. A fully grown lizard could grow up to hundreds of meters long, which from afar looked like dragons. They were able to penetrate hundreds of meters into the sand, soar into the ninth heaven, with a powerful body, and can be said to be the most powerful beast in the desert. Only the experts among the experts of the Desert Brute Race were able to tame it and ride it as a battle pet.

There were hundreds of soldiers on these winged lizards, and every one of them was an expert among experts.

The hundred of meters long giant winged lizards were covered in divine iron armour, which, in the sun, glistened with a dark light. A chill pervaded the air like a battle beast was moving across the void and that, even from afar, one could feel a coldness directly assaulting the face like water was dropped into an ice cave.

“Lord, this is the defense military of the Desert Brute Race imperial clan, rumoured to be the most trusted battle division of the Desert Brute King Shi Potian,” Luo Yi reported in a serious tone. This was what he found out before he left Snow capital, and evidently he put in a lot of effort.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Opposite.

“The commander of the Cold Iron and Stone Dragon army Shi Tiezhan, under the command of my King, came to welcome the Human Race Light Palace military god Ye Qingyu.”

A clear and resounding voice came from the leader of the giant winged lizard, which was nearly six hundred meters long.

The winged lizard was covered in a light yellow steel armour, which was marked with rune markings, and was the largest of all winged lizards. It exuded ferocity all over its body that was at least equivalent to the strength of the Human Race peak Bitter Sea boundary. Under the dark armour, its pair of eyes was as scarlet red as a pool of blood. On its back was a figure more than four meters tall, his topless body revealed his strong muscles that looked like they were carved with a blade. He was the Brute Race expert, Shi Tiezhan, who spoke just now.

The Desert Brute Race mostly had the surname Shi, and the surname Shi was also the surname of the imperial clan.

Evidently Shi Tiezhan had an extremely high status among the Desert Brute Race and was incredibly powerful, already reaching the Heaven Ascension boundary.

Ye Qingyu had only taken a step out, when his figure flashed, came to the void, nodded and said, ‘Please lead the way.”

The wind roared.

Under the escort of the hundreds of winged lizard guards, Ye Qingyu headed toward the Brute Race imperial city oasis.

The Light Palace was gradually re-hidden into the void, disappearing from sight.

……

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 664:


This was the first time that Ye Qingyu had set foot into Long Life State.

The moment he landed, he felt an imposing force, hidden under the land, faintly discernible and very mysterious.

The surrounding greenery, trees, and vegetation were overflowing with spiritual qi, and were not the slightest inferior to the Snow capital. He drew a deep breath of the extremely fresh air. The scenery along the yellow slate path was incredibly beautiful, as though he was situated in paradise.

Under the leadership of Shi Tiezhan, Ye Qingyu soon came to the center of the Long Life State, where a huge thousands of meter Brute God statue was. A huge stone gate of more than a hundred meters tall began to open like the mouth of a giant beast, connecting to a giant paved pathway.

The passage steps led to an underground area of unknown depth.

Continuing downwards through this stone gate, it took some time before reaching the true core area of the desert imperial court.

“Palace Lord Ye, my King has been looking forward to meeting Palace Lord. My King has surrendered to the Snow capital and had already sent out envoys, but we heard that the Lord of the Light Palace is on patrol and will pass the desert, so we especially invited Lord to the Nine Serenities Palace.”

The commander of the Cold Iron and Stone Dragon army was more than four meters in height and had a tough physical body, as though he was casted from iron, like a fierce prehistoric beast. He should have given people a rough and violent feeling, but instead his tone was extremely gentle, unexpectedly like a scholar, so Ye Qingyu was quite surprised.

“Thank you.” Ye Qingyu smiled, carefully studying the stone walls of the giant corridor.

Evidently to prevent the vegetation and rivers on the ground from being destroyed, the giant passageway did not have too many side paths, leading hundred of meters into the depths of the ground before it became a flat-leveled ground. After a dozen of highly guarded gates, an incomparably magnificent and eye-popping underground city caught Ye Qingyu off guard.

Countless forks in the path were now seen along a paved pathway.

It was like a main road suddenly connected to many alleys, one path crossed into another extremely naturally.

Desert Brute Race citizens came and went. The giant underground city was not empty at all.

Besides the fact that the overhead lights, which were powered by formations, were not quite the same to real sunlight, the shops on both sides of the street as well as stalls on the roadside were selling a variety of fruits, food, tools, and even a variety of water. There were even Brute Race soldiers riding the sand lizard back and forth like the wind... Everything made even the experienced and knowledgeable Ye Qingyu a little surprised.

Such an incredible underground city most likely had only been seen by a few human beings. He was unsure of the number of years that the Desert Brute Race had been operating here, but despite the many residents here, the air was still extremely fresh and clean.

The appearance of the battle pet of Shi Tiezhan caused a stir in the street.

The reverent gaze of countless Brute Race citizens were projected onto Shi Tiezhan, and then fell on Ye Qingyu who only reached the waist of the Brute Race expert beside him. Confused and surprised, many began to discuss spiritedly. It was evident that it was many Brute Race citizens’ first time to see a living human being.

Perhaps it was because Shi Tiezhan deliberately wanted to show off the grand underground city to Ye Qingyu, they traveled at a slow speed and also went around some alleys, it took them about half an hour later before they reached the Nine Serenities Palace.

The two words Nine Serenities carried a mysterious connotation. It referred to the deepest part of the ground.

It corresponded to Immortal world, the heaven had the nine levels of heaven, the ground had the nine levels of land.

The Nine Serenities Palace was the first main hall of the palace of the Desert Brute King.

It was also the most mysterious, guarded, and terrifying place in the vast desert.

A set of dark stone steps led to the deepest part of the underground giant city.

There, the light dimmed, and a huge black palace was hidden in the depths of darkness.

“Lord Ye, my King is in the divine palace waiting for your arrival,” Shi Tiezhan cupped one fist in the other, saying to Ye Qingyu, “Nine Serenities Palace is a sacred place of my race, only those summoned by the King are allowed to enter. Palace Lord Ye, please go in.”

Ye Qingyu glanced at him, nodded thoughtfully, stepped forward, and set foot on the black stone steps.

A chill was diffusing out from the surface of the stone steps.

With every step along the way, the temperature dropped a few degrees.

When Ye Qingyu came to the main entrance of the Nine Serenities Palace, there were already tiny ice crystals lingering in the air. It was unbelievably cold. A layer of frost already coated a few strands of his hair, and the chill actually broke through Ye Qingyu's protective yuan qi.

“Somewhat interesting.”

The corner of Ye Qingyu's mouth was curved upwards.

He already sensed that the Desert imperial court was not that simple.

This Nine Serenities Palace, was even more not simple.

With a gentle push, the palace gate automatically creaked open, revealing a gap.

The inside was so dark that it seemed as though all the light had been devoured by the palace.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback for a moment, and then without the slightest hesitation, stepped into the palace.

The next moment, with a loud boom, the huge door of the main hall slammed shut, and was completely closed.

The echoes lingered around for a long time.

It was as though he had stepped into another world. It was empty and deep, surrounded by darkness, like nothing existed here. Ye Qingyu felt he had come to a dark and desolate universe, where he was floating in the air.

Almost at the same time, a voice sounded.

“Brother Qingyu, long time no see.” ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

