Chapter 501:


Chapter 521, Underground immortal palace

“Xiao Yunlong and those others tried to frame me so impatiently, which means they are afraid of others being one step ahead of them and taking away my treasures, the rare treasures that I obtained at heavenly gate training grounds. There must be quite a few people in Greater One Sect disciples that are envious, not to mention that on me, there is a natural rune endowment bone of a fully-grown blood vine. This thing, I am afraid that even the elders of the Greater One Sect would be tempted...”

Countless thoughts popped up in Ye Qingyu’s mind.

The more he carefully thought about it, the more he perceived the danger of his current situation.

The Greater One Sect and the Demon Spider Race, neither of them was easy to get along with.

He had to fear the wolf in front and the tiger behind.

He jumped out of a wolf’s den and into a tiger’s cave.

In less than an hour, Ye Qingyu had already bolted more than hundreds of miles.

Because he feared that if he used yuan qi to fly he would be easily detected due to the fluctuation of strength, so he used force to fly all the way, exerting strength to his feet and jumping like an ape. One leap was over hundreds of meters. Valleys, steep cliffs, mountains and pools, were all like treading on level ground.

But at this moment------

Swoosh!

There was a piercing sharp whistle resounding in the sky.

The distant sword light tearing apart the sky, silver brilliance flashed, and the clouds were like a piece of white paper instantly cut open by a pair of scissors. The sky seemed as though it was being torn apart, and someone was catching up.

Ye Qingyu’s heart was pounding nervously.

“So fast...”

He had good eyesight, and from away he was able to recognized the figure. It was Xiao Yunlong who had returned.

And he was different from the him who was badly battered before. The Xiao Yunlong at this moment was like a deity, exhibiting a matchless imposing manner, silver flames surging around his body, and his aura was several times more powerful than before. His sword qi soaring to the sky, incomparably penetrating.

Ye Qingyu did not dare be careless.

He hid between a mountain gap, carefully concealing his aura.

Xiao Yunlong himself was a Heaven Ascension expert, and although he had sustained injury from Ye Qingyu’s abnormal body, but if he really brought along some sort of divine weapon, then Ye Qingyu was not certain that his physical body could withstand the power of the divine weapon.

Fortunately, Xiao Yunlong had not noticed Ye Qingyu, speeding away eastwards.

After a moment.

He saw that Xiao Yunlong had disappeared in the eastern sky direction like a stream of light.

It was clear that he had not detected Ye Qingyu’s whereabouts.

Ye Qingyu came out of the mountain gap, and after a brief thought, turned direction and headed south.

He couldn’t leave this mountain range for now.

Only in these towering mountains and precipitous ridges could he hide from the world and escape. If he left the mountains, into the plains, and lose the cover, it was easy to be hunted down. Moreover the tens of thousands of miles of urban towns around the mountains were under the strict control of Greater One Sect.

He headed all the way south.

After an hour of time, Ye Qingyu had traveled more than one hundred miles south. The mountain was more and more steep, towering into the clouds, and the air was much more unpleasant and there was an increase in insects and beasts.

Ye Qingyu came to a pool and was about to take a short break, when just at this moment---

Swoosh!

A beam of silver sword light, like lightning, suddenly fell from the sky, striking Ye Qingyu’s forehead.

“Not good.”

Ye Qingyu could sense that this sword light was incomparably sharp and frightening, before it touched his body, he could feel that his skull was being cut open. He knew that he must not forcefully fight back.

Rolling to one side, Ye Qingyu, like a fish, plunged straight into the pool, and instantly disappeared without a trace.

Swoosh swoosh!

The next moment, the sword-light, like a flurry of rain, fell from the sky and into the pool.

There was a figure flickering.

Exhibiting a strong murderous aura, Xiao Yunlong appeared above the pool.

A wisp of silver was being spit out from the palm of his hand, like a lightning was secretly born, extremely frightening, as though his palm was holding a demon. Where the flash of silver light was, one could only vaguely see a sword-shaped weapon.

“Come out, you little bastard, I know you’re in the pool.”

Xiao Yunlong laughed grimly, a murderous expression on his face.

Bubbling bubbling.

There were ripples moving.

A blood-coloured bubble rose to the surface of the pool

“Haha, little bastard, are you not so-called matchless? Under the divine sword, would your limbs shatter to pieces? Don’t hide, haha, get out, or I’ll hack you to a pulp.”

Xiao Yunlong flipped his hand over.

The divine power of the [Greater One Dispersing Light Sword] was rising dramatically.

The silver light was like lightning, the numerous, thick silver sword light shot out from the palm of Xiao Yunlong and directly into the pool.

Waves of water rocketed into the sky. Jets of water were stirred up dozens of meters high.

Water vapour was saturating the air.

“Haha, still not coming out? I am going to evaporate the entire pool.” Seeing that Ye Qingyu still had not appeared, Xiao Yunlong’s ruthless nature worsened, a silver lightning-like sword light erupting from the [Greater One Dispersing Light Sword] replica, like a snake wildly dancing and shooting into the pool.

Under the water.

Ye Qingyu had dived more than 300 meters below.

There was a sword wound on his shoulder, arm and thigh, as well as injuries all over his body, although it had luckily not affected the bones, they were still bubbling out red blood flowers.

The [Greater One Dispersing Light Sword] was worthy to be called a replica of a divine weapon. It was extremely powerful and could break open Ye Qingyu’s physical body, causing him a certain degree of injury.

The Ye Qingyu at this time, of course, could not go out.

He was like a gecko, tightly affixed to a caved in a black stone wall, motionless, and even his aura had vanished to an undetectable level.

Under 300 meters of water, there was limited light source.

The beams of silver lightning-like sword light streaked across the dark water curtain.

The underwater rocks, in front of such sword qi light were vulnerable as tofu. Everything within that net of lightning sword light were so fragile that they were split into two, one after another, in silence.

In the blink of the eye, Ye Qingyu’s body was added with a few more scars.

He carefully followed down the cliff, slowly continued to the depths of the water, tensing up his body muscles to lock the wounds, his blood and qi were no longer lost, so those simple skin wounds were no big deal.

Because he was not certain whether or not Xiao Yunlong had really discovered him, and was just pretending, so Ye Qingyu did not strike back or escape.

He continued to dive deeper into the pool.

At this time, Ye Qingyu still had not realized that the pool was strangely deep, even if there was the impact of a waterfall. But he had dived down nearly 600 meters yet still had not reached the bottom.

After a few minutes, there was still lightning-like silver sword light constantly being bombarded down.

Xiao Yunlong had no intention of leaving.

Now Ye Qingyu could basically be certain that Xiao Yunlong had really found his whereabouts, and was not pretending.

“He shouldn’t have, searching for a person in these deep forests is like looking for a needle in a haystack. Even if this Xiao Yunlong is a Heaven Ascension expert, it’s impossible for him to discover my whereabouts so quickly, I have not used the slightest yuan qi strength.”

Ye Qingyu could not understand.

But because he feared the [Greater One Dispersing Light Sword] replica, and had not fully understood the power of that sword replica, Ye Qingyu could not show himself now and could only continue to dive deeper.

Above the pool, 10 meters in the air.

Xiao Yunlong was looking at the colour of blood gradually fading from the water surface with an uncertain look.

He followed the traces here, and was absolutely certain that the lower domain barbarian was hiding under the water, but the fact that he had been attacking for more than half an hour yet had not forced him out made him feel a little unsure.

“Why is this pool so deep?”

Xiao Yunlong frowned.

If the water was ordinary, it would have been completely evaporated by the power of his sword, but the pool has endured thousands of sword light of the [Greater One Dispersing Light Sword] and the water level had not dropped at all.

“Could it be that the pool links to an underground river, and the little bastard escaped through the underground river?”

This mountain range was the land where the spirit vein of the eastern area of Clear River Domain converges. There were countless underground rivers, and the river channel was like a maze. It was rumoured that there were natural spiritual vein formations and many restricted demon areas that were extremely complicated, and that even top experts would not date enter.

Xiao Yunlong wanted to dive into the pool to chase him down, but was a bit wary of the strength of Ye Qingyu. This lower domain barbarian was extremely cunning, if he attacked him from behind... moreover, once he entered the underground river, if he encountered a forbidden area with baleful qi, he would surely be dead.

For a moment, he was hesitant to take action.

Standing above the pool, thinking over again and again, Xiao Yunlong eventually decided against entering the water.

He was afraid of death.

“Damn little bastard, I don’t believe that you can hide in the underground river forever, and never come out.”

Xiao Yunlong stood guard above the pool for a full day and night.

But still did not see Ye Qingyu appear.

“Could it be that there’s another way out of this underground river, where the little bastard had run away to?”

In the end, Xiao Yunlong returned in disappointment.

“On Clear Lotus Peak, there is that lower domain little maid servant, as long as she stays in Greater One Sect, that barbarian will certainly come back. I will keep watch for now, and wait for him to show up.”

……

Ye Qingyu actually really wanted to come out.

But he was lost.

In order to avoid Xiao Yunlong, Ye Qingyu indeed had dived more than 1000 meters, and eventually came to a secret underground river linked to the pool. He tentatively entered into the meandering river, and in less than a few minutes, was lost.

The underground river was pitch-black, and seemed to have a strange power that was swallowing up all the light here. With Ye Qingyu’s eyesight, he could only see within 50 meters of him.

The current was rapid and powerful, and even with Ye Qingyu’s present strength, it felt strenuous on him.

Adding to this the extremely cold water, like flowing black ice, that numbs the hands and feet. Fortunately, within Ye Qingyu’s body contained [Supreme Ice Flame], which prevented him from being completely frozen solid.

“This underground river is strange. There seems to be a force that restricts formation qi. Even Bitter Sea experts would not survive here, and in this ice water, spiritual qi and evil intent coexist in an extremely dangerous state.”

Ye Qingyu randomly walked around for a while, faintly perceiving the mystery and obscurity of this pitch black underground world.

Soon his direction and bearings were in complete chaos.

Ye Qingyu for a moment was unable to tell which direction was east, south, west and north.

The strangest thing was that, in this underground river, there was no such thing as a fish, shrimp, crab, or any other aquatic creature. It was like a world of death.

Finally, after about two hours later, Ye Qingyu himself also did not know how far he had travelled underground. It was starting to feel unbearable, he wanted to break the rocks, and directly leave through the rocky soil.

But at this moment, he suddenly, vaguely saw that, in the distance of the end of the iced water river channel, it seemed that there was a white brilliance flickering.

“Could it be that there is an exit from the underground river?”

With his heart pounding, Ye Qingyu immediately drifted along following the water current.

As he moved forward about hundred meters, the light was increasingly stronger.

Ye Qingyu felt strange.

Because he could not feel the flow of the river. According to reason he should not have yet reached the exit of the underground river channel, how could there be such white light?

After advancing another thousand or so meters.

A white brilliance, like the bright moon, was sprinkling down on the river channel, beautiful and magnificent, like the immortal palace on the moon, making one feel an ecstasy of delight.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt his body lightening.

He sprang out of the water.

“Heavens, this is...” He couldn’t help but exclaim.

A mysterious and majestic underground moonlight immortal palace appeared in his vision.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 502:


Chapter 522, Ancient painting and white-haired person

“What is this place?”

Ye Qingyu jumped out of the water, stunned at the sight before him.

This should be a node of the underground rivers, but whether it was natural or man-made, or caused by the erosion of the river, there was 1 kilometer of underground space in one area.

This space had not been flooded by the roaring underground river water, and was full of a mysterious and tranquil air.

And the location that he was currently standing on was a perfectly round giant goose egg-like reef.

There were numerous such white jade coloured circular reef, spreading to the distance.

The whole space, hazy with an enchanting beauty, made one feel as though they were walking on air with ethereal lightness for a moment, as though the next moment would become as light as a feather and ascend to heaven.

And the powerful and frightening force of impact of the river water of the underground river appeared much more gentle in this space. There was not the slightest sound of water, nor little ripples on the surface, to the extent that when Ye Qingyu was standing on this perfectly round, giant pebble and looked down, he could see the reflection of his face, and even his strands of hair all very clearly on the calm and smooth mirror-like river surface.

“It’s really is a spectacle.”

Ye Qingyu exclaimed.

Because he was well aware that, under the water, the force of the undercurrent was enough to instantly tear a peak Bitter Sea martial arts expert into pieces.

The whole underground space was suffused with white light, clear and bright like a full moon shining onto the world.

Not only the giant pebble at the foot of Ye Qingyu, even the overhanging stalactites above, and the water tears on the wall... everywhere there was such a strange white halo. The underground space was full of soft light, and really was like the immortal palace on the moon in legends, magnificent and stunning.

Ye Qingyu leaped up on the giant pebble, studying closely.

Suddenly---

“What is that?”

He could not help screaming out loud.

Bypassing a few huge overhanging stalactites, his line of sight was suddenly opened up to a wide panorama. The area of this underground karst cave was far larger than what Ye Qingyu had seen before. What was even more astonishing to Ye Qingyu was that, in the rear of the underground cave space, there was a set of white jade-like stone steps, and amidst the dripping sound of water, he saw an ancient and mysterious white jade doorway, and a white jade passage, standing quietly.

At this very moment, Ye Qingyu immediately realized that this space, indeed, was not naturally formed.

After a slight hesitation, he kept his spirits up, and on full alert, slowly approached the stone doorway.

Such an underground river, such a dangerous environment, but there was suddenly such a stone doorway appearing. It was absolutely not normal.

Ye Qingyu was unsure whether or not that after the passage behind the stone doorway, there would be monster or strange people living there.

He was even more uncertain of whether there would be any danger.

At a distance of 20 meters away from the white jade stone doorway, Ye Qingyu suddenly made a backhand grab at an arm-width stalactite above, and twisted.

He wanted to twist off the stalactite and throw it towards the white jade stone doorway, to test the waters.

But------

“Huh?”

There was a counter force at his wrist. Ye Qingyu was shocked to find that, although with his current strength he could even squeeze a block of fine iron into mud, but he could not shake the stalactite in the slightest.

“What’s going on? It’s so hard?”

Ye Qingyu gripped onto the stalactites with both hands, exerting extreme force.

A terrifying power erupted forth, even a sacred mountain would collapse at Ye Qingyu’s shaking.

But the small stalactite remained still.

Ye Qingyu was astonished.

Controlling his initial shock, he changed to another piece of stalactite, exerted force, and tried to shake it.

But this stalactite was equally as indestructible.

Ye Qingyu continuously tried many times, and had changed to a number of overhanging stalactites, but still could not shake them in the slightest.

“What is going on here? These stalactites are like immortal gold, under my explosive strength, even Peak Heaven Ascension experts would give way, but I could not shake a few stalactites? Could there be some sort of formation on these stalactites?”

Ye Qingyu found it increasingly strange.

He studied them carefully.

But on these stalactites, the natural pattern was concise and clear, and there was not the slightest fluctuation of energy within the rocks. They were just common rocks

Soon Ye Qingyu came to discover that, not only the stalactites, even the white water tear stone walls were as solid as gold. Even with his full force bombardment on the wall, it did not leave the slightest mark. Instead a counter force caused the bones of his hand to ache.

“It’s really odd and weird... if these stones could be shifted, they could be used as a weapon, even peak Dao weapons would be useless against it. Even Xiao Yunlong’s [Greater One dispersing Light Sword] replica cannot destroy this rock.”

It was the first time that Ye Qingyu had seen such strange thing.

He realized that these rocks were treasures.

Unfortunately, he just couldn’t break them to take them away with him.

Indecisive on what to do for a while, Ye Qingyu finally gave up.

He had just caused such a huge disturbance, yet there was not the slightest sound through the white jade passage and white jade doorway 20 meters away. Now he was almost certain that there were no living things there.

As he came to the front of the white jade stone doorway, Ye Qingyu stopped.

This stone doorway was very rough, with only a door frame and no doorfront, and was built in a very simple and random manner with a number of stalactites, giving off a primitive and rough beauty. The door frame could just about accommodate one person, and if one was a little bit fatter, would possibly be stuck.

Behind the doorway was a passageway that could only accommodate one person.

Ye Qingyu carefully observed around.

It was impossible for him to ascertain how long the stone doorway had existed.

It looked as if it was from the ancient times, and had been quietly waiting for thousands of years here.

In addition to the mottled rock pattern, there was no trace of other artificial marks.

“This stone doorway that was formed from stalactites, in my estimation, around the entire stone doorway, there are at least thirty or forty stalactites, and the bottom of these exposed stalactites are as smooth as a mirror, which are signs that they had been cut by some sort of sharp weapon, but what kind of power could cut these stalactites?”

Ye Qingyu gently stroked the stone doorway with the palm of his hand, an incomparably shocked feeling inside.

He had seen the hardness of stalactites.

Even if it was Xiao Yunlong's [Greater One Dispersing lLight Sword] replica, at most he could only leave a shallow mark on these stalactites, but to cut at it was simply impossible.

Going through the white jade stone doorway, Ye Qingyu entered into the white jade passageway.

“This white jade passageway is also built from stalactites, these oval mirror-like things should be the root of stalactites, which had been cut by some sort of supreme strength. The outward roots were piled into forming this passageway.”

Ye Qingyu slowly walked along the white jade passageway, carefully observing.

On the walls of the passageway, several stalactite mirrors of the size of a person’s face were reflecting the light. The jade colour was bright and clear, as though there were hundreds of round jade moons appearing on the wall, strange yet beautiful.

Ye Qingyu reached out and stroked the wall.

A faint warm feeling penetrated into his palm.

This feeling was like stroking a woman’s skin.

Walking along such a beautiful white jade passageway for hundreds of meters, he finally came to the end.

“This white jade passageway most likely used thousands of stalactites... What person has such strength and remarkable power to chop down so many white jade stalactites.”

Ye Qingyu was more astonished than before.

At this moment, he came to the end of the passageway.

A spacious and tidy stone room appeared in sight.

The walls of the stone room were smooth and the room was square, about more than 40 square meters, and just directly opposite was a hanging ancient painting that was about one meter wide and two meters long. It was a girl in a blue fluttering robe standing on the top of a summit, wielding a simple divine sword, with a graceful and slim figure, and exhibiting the air of a peerless female celestial.

The only disappointment was that the woman in this painting had a blurry face and no facial features.

He did not know whether or not it was drawn on, or the facial features had faded over time.

Ye Qingyu did not carefully study the woman in the painting.

Because his heart, in the next moment, was madly palpitating.

Because he saw that below this ancient painting was a white jade stone bed, and on that bed was a person, with snow white hair, hands folded on the lower abdomen, both feet together, lying quietly, like they were asleep.

“There’s someone?”

Ye Qingyu swallowed a mouthful of saliva.

Is this the owner of this stone room?

To be able to live in such an environment, and also cut down so many solid white jade stalactites, form the white jade stone doorway and white jade passage, and open up this rock room, this person’s strength must be frightening?

Could it be an immortal?

Ye Qingyu felt tense.

He stood for a moment with bated breath.

But he saw that the white person on the stone bed was still motionless.

“No, if this person is still alive, when I made so much noise outside, the person must have heard and should not be sleeping so soundly... could it be?”

Ye Qingyu’s heart was pounding.

As they say, the talented are generally bold. At this moment, not only did he not retreat, but instead he slowly came closer.

The closer he got, the more he could see the look of the white person on the stone bed.

But unfortunately, for some reason, a white handkerchief was covering the white person’s face, so he could not see what the person looked like.

And on the white handkerchief, with extremely elaborate embroidery, there was a line of egrets in the sky, and below, on the water surface was a pair of Mandarin ducks nestled down the river. It was a sweet and happy scene.

The white person was dressed in a strange, ancient robe, somewhat similar to the robe of Greater One Sect disciples, but upon closer inspection, looked very different.

“Elder...”

Ye Qingyu decided to check.

But before his voice faded, the figure on the bed was undergoing an extremely strange change.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 503:


Chapter 523, Ancient poem · Treasure storage room

Perhaps it was because of Ye Qingyu’s opening speech, which brought up a gust of wind, the mandarin duck handkerchief that was covering the white-haired mysterious person’s face was slightly moving, a corner was lifted up.

For this reason, Ye Qingyu caught a glimpse of part of this mysterious white-haired person.

His mind was violently trembling at this moment.

“Mother?”

Ye Qingyu could not help but exclaim aloud.

As though struck by lightning, he almost fainted from the shock.

What did he see?

That face under the Mandarin duck handkerchief looked almost exactly the same as his mother who had passed away many years ago. At that very moment of the silk handkerchief being lifted up, Ye Qingyu vaguely really thought that he had seen his mother. It was not only the facial features, even the mole on the corner of her mouth, the expression and temperament, were almost the same as when his mother was sleeping.

How was that possible?

Ye Qingyu was like he had seen a ghost.

He saw his mother being buried with his own eyes back then, and later his mother’s stone coffin was buried into the water by him in accordance with her will. How would she appear here?

As he was distracted, a faint glimmer flashed by.

The white-haired figure that he suspected was his mother was suddenly withering at a speed visible to the naked eye. The originally plump muscles and skin, suddenly, like a sand sculpture, was rapidly collapsing, the colour growing dimmer and eventually turned to ashes…

The whole process was uncanny.

It was as though the white-haired mysterious person had suddenly dissolved in the air, leaving behind a pile of faint ashes.

By the time Ye Qingyu reacted, everything had settled.

He rushed over in shock and grabbed the Mandarin duck handkerchief that dropped onto the bed, but it was already too late for him to stop all that was happening. He could only helplessly watch the mysterious person that resembled his mother turning to ashes and could no longer be certain of anything.

What was going on?

Why would the white-haired person suddenly turned to ashes?

What he was certain of was that this white-haired mysterious person had passed away long ago, and for some reason, the corpse was preserved very well. But because of the arrival of Ye Qingyu, it had triggered some sort of change within this stone room so the corpse eventually turned to a pile of ashes.

But why did this person resemble his mother so much?

Each and every thought and question was like a firecracker exploding uncontrollably in Ye Qingyu’s mind. Ye Qingyu felt that what he had witnessed today was simply too strange that it could not be understood with normal logic.

“Perhaps this white-haired mysterious person just has some similarities to mother, or from a certain point of view, looked extremely like mother, but there was no relationship between them...”  Ye Qingyu could only convince himself.

There are people with similar looks in the world.

But the mole... the location of it was exactly the same!

Ye Qingyu still couldn’t completely convince himself after all.

He looked down at the Mandarin duck handkerchief in his hand.

“Huh?”

He suddenly noticed that on the front were the embroidery of egrets and Mandarin ducks and on the back was an embroidered poem in extremely graceful handwriting——

“The autumn wind is fresh, the autumn moon is bright, fallen leaves gather and scatter, birds perched and startled, not knowing when we will meet again, I won’t be able to express feelings this night... Enter the longing mind, understand the longing pain, long yearning recalls memory, short yearning is infinite, if I had known that my thoughts would be so tangled, it would be better to not have met.”

Ye Qingyu carefully read each word out, feeling the sadness and pain between the words and the lines.

If I had known that my thoughts would be so tangled, it would be better to not have met!

What sort of feelings would that be, meeting a person that was a mistake. The path to love was bumpy and filled with ups and downs, and even at the end of the road there was no hope and it would be better to never meet each other at the beginning... That was indeed a great regret in life. The face of the mysterious white-haired person, Ye Qingyu had only caught a brief glimpse of when the silk handkerchief floated up. It was a very young woman, she had no wrinkles, long snow white hair, and perhaps was troubled by love her whole life?

This poem made Ye Qingyu think of many associations.

He sank into a strange negative mood for a long while.

As though the poem possessed a kind of magical power, it made Ye Qingyu incredibly depressed.

It was only after a full ten minutes that he slowly came to his senses.

Looking down and carefully observing the white stone bed again, he discovered that the bed was also built with stalactites. The bed surface was smooth as a mirror, capable of reflecting light, and that layer of light cyan ashes was much more mysterious, but besides these, there were no markings or formations.

On the top of the stone bed, which should be where the white-haired mysterious person rested her head, Ye Qingyu found a very rough four-leaf clover stone carving that had a simple pattern, and smooth flowing lines, like a strand of grass grown in saline soil, it was vivid and lifelike.

Besides this, there was no more strangeness around the stone bed.

Ye Qingyu stored the four-leaf clover pattern in his mind, silently remembering it, and then began to observe the other parts of the stone room.

Very soon, there was a new discovery.

The ancient portrait painting of a female celestial was hiding a little stone door.

After the stone door, there was a cave.

Ye Qingyu ducked down, entering through the small stone door.

“This is... it looks like a storeroom, just a little messy.”

The small stone door led to a small stone room of around 10 square meters, the light was dim, and the inside was a mess. Various junk was all over the place, there were ceramic jars, half-rotten wooden buckets, things similar to a bamboo pole, a rope that was flashing with a silver light, a few half locked wooden boxes, and on the deepest wall was a silver rope hung with several fishing equipments.

Ye Qingyu swept his eyes around, feeling a little disappointed.

There were no such things as martial arts manual or rare treasures, which made him immediately disinterested.

“This should be the storage room of the white-haired mysterious person. Unfortunately in this person’s ashes, I did not find a storage space or similar things, there is no handwriting or symbols, so there is no way to know who this person is...”

Ye Qingyu muttered to himself.

He casually lifted a broken straw lid off a coarse earthenware jar.

Wa!

A silvery gleam of light shot out from the earthenware jar.

Ye Qingyu was instinctively startled, but there was no feeling of danger. When he carefully looked again, a pure and vigorous fluctuation of yuan qi was gushing out from the ceramic jar, and Ye Qingyu’s heart was uncontrollably jumping.

“It is a whole jar of divine-level yuan liquid? Impossible, then...”

For a while, Ye Qing could not believe what he had just seen.

It was a whole jar of divine-level yuan liquid, even the Snow Empire of Heaven Wasteland Domain would not have accumulated this much. It should be said that only 10 kilograms of divine-level yuan liquid could be purified from one hundred kilograms of divine-level origin crystal. Based on the size of the jar in front, it must contain at least 100 kg of divine-level yuan liquid.

This was equal to tens of thousands of kilograms of dvine-level origin crystal.

Ye Qingyu suddenly felt dizzy.

He was like a little white rabbit that had accidentally broken into a cellar full of carrots, like a shower of radish had fell from the sky and hit his head.

His breathing was brief and hurried.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze fell on the three other ceramic pots of similar shape.

Holding his breath, he slowly uncovered the broken straw lid on these three ceramic pots.

Wa. Wa. Wa.

A pure and flawless shining silver spilled out.

The originally dim stone room was suddenly filled with a dreamy silver colour that made one mesmerised, as though situated in the most perfect dream in the world.

The other three ceramic jars, as expected, contained the same divine-level yuan liquid.

Unlike god level origin crystal, divine-level yuan liquid is extracted from origin crystal, and is the essence and the most pure power in the world. One drop contains the world's yuan qi, and is enough to make an ordinary person instantly become an expert. And based on all the ancients books that Ye Qingyu had read, one kg of divine-level yuan liquid equalled to sixty years of painstaking cultivation of a Heaven Ascension expert.

It was noted in some ancient text that Ye Qingyu had read that divine-level yuan liquid was extremely rare, and was all offered to the Lord of a Domain, the most influential person of martial arts, the extremely powerful experts, the Imperial court and top existences with earth-shaking accomplishments. It was one of the exclusive items for the most powerful experts of an era in the river of centuries.

Snow Empire was the largest force in Heaven Wasteland Domain and rules the most prosperous and affluent areas, but he had not heard of the Imperial family of Snow Empire enjoying divine-level yuan liquid.

The Greater One Sect, as one of the largest sects of Clear river domain, also may not have such a treasure.

Ye Qingyu thought that this kind of thing only existed in the legends. He never would have thought that today, he would unexpectedly, accidentally, discovered so much divine-level yuan liquid in such rough ceramic jars and in such a storage room full of junk.

He found it too hard to believe. He carefully studied it a little more, and even dipped his fingers in, and finally was certain that it was indeed divine-level yuan liquid.

“This... to use these ceramic jars to store divine-level yuan liquid is simply a waste...wait? No, it is noted in ancient text that divine-level yuan liquid could not be contained in ordinary objects, could it be that these ceramic jars are also treasured objects? And the straw lids of these four jars are magical objects?”

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something.

His heart was beating violently.

Shaking his head mercilessly, Ye Qingyu cleared his mind a little.

His gaze shifted from the four ceramic jars filled with divine-level yuan liquid over to the other things in the little stone room.

Ye Qingyu had finally realized that the things in this little stone room were definitely not as simple as they seemed.

The seemingly rough ceramic jars were filled with divine-level yuan liquid, so what kind of treasures would be in the half-locked boxes? And the silver rope, the items that were hung on a rope like salted fish... These things, what were their origin?

Ye Qingyu felt that, this time, he really had damn good luck.

What storage room was this, it was clearly a storage room of treasure.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 504:


Having both expectation and excitement, Ye Qingyu used the broken apart hay lid to cover these containers of divine level Origin liquid, then went towards the half locked large box.

Even the divine level Origin liquid, was only contained in a jar covered by a broken hay lid. Then what sort of treasure would this box that was half locked contain?

Ye Qingyu touched the rusted lock. With a faint shudder, the lock opened.

From it's appearance, it seemed that too long a time had passed. The lock had already completely broken from the ravages of time.

The lock was just made from ordinary metal. It was unknown whether there were any formation arrays inscribed on it when it was complete. Ye Qingyu smiled, placing the lock by the side. Then he breathed in, carefully lifting the lid of the wooden box, and looked inside.

"En? What is this?"

The large box was somewhat empty. At it's very bottom, there was a pair of white-coloured martial shoes inside. It was unknown what material it was made from - from just a casual glance it seemed like it was just made from white cloth. There were ancient patterns inscribed on it, seemingly made by a very intricate and delicate hand. It caused the shoes to seem simple and stylish, even though it could not be said to be extremely elaborate and exquisite.

After a slight hesitation, Ye Qingyu took out the pair of shoes.

It was light, as if there was nothing in his hand at all. There was not any weight to it.

Ye Qingyu naturally would not be dissapointed by thinking this pair of shoes was anything normal.

After a slight bout of observation, he exerted strength slightly.

Just how terrifying was Ye Qingyu's power. But this pair of shoes made from white cloth did not even change its shape in the slightest. It felt really good to the touch, extremely soft, like it was cotton. But it was able to withstand the brute strength of Ye Qingyu. Even the imitation [Greater One Light Sword] in the hands of Xiao Yunlong, if it struck directly on this pair of shoes, would not even be able to harm it at all.

Apart from the fact that the material could not be destroyed, Ye Qingyu could not tell what was so mysterious about this white martial pair of shoes.

Thinking about it, he returned this pair of shoes back to the box.

Then Ye Qingyu opened another box by the side.

In this box, there was a pair of white long cloth trousers. From the material, it was exceedingly similar to that white-coloured pair of martial shoes. It was similarly tough, so tough it could not be broken at all. There was simple patterns on it, with detailed needlework. It did not have any superfluous or elaborate decorations. There was only something akin to a protective guard at the knee cap that was a hard material. It seemed to be some sort of beast's skin. The way it was crafted was exceedingly clever. If one did not carefully examine, one absolutely could not see that the two kneecaps were any different from the material of the trousers.

"Whether it is the white shoes, or these white trousers, they are not common items. It's a pity I don't know of their origins."

Ye Qingyu placed the trousers back in the box.

There were still two boxes left.

But there was nothing inside.

"White battle shoes, white trousers... So the other boxes should have contained an entire battle outfit including robes and helmets. It's a pity that it's not complete right now. I wonder whether the owner of this storage room did not manage to gather the complete set, or perhaps it was later lost.”

Ye Qingyu pondered over this.

Then his gaze fell on a coiled silver rope that was like it was made from Heaven's silk.

The white-coloured rope fell into his hands. It was roughly a hundred meters long, and was exceedingly light. But it had the same attribute as the shoes and trousers before; they were incomparably tough. Ye Qingyu attempted to wring it, but even with his current strength that exploded at its fullest power, it was impossible for him to snap the rope.

"If an expert at the Heaven Ascension was bounded by this rope, even they will have to give up any hopes of escaping... but since this rope was so exceptional, it's purpose shouldn't be to tie someone up?"

Ye Qingyu weighed it, carefully inspecting it, but he had no ideas just what it would be used for.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat shocked to discover that there was a couple of broken wooden buckets by the side.

Because within one of the bucket, there was a layer of water that was roughly one finger thick. Within the water, a fish that was as thin as a piece of paper was silently and tranquilly laying they. If now for the fact that it's whiskers would move slightly, and it's mouth would weakly open and close, Ye Qingyu would really think that this koi had already turned into dried fish.

"To think there would be something alive?"

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

He then looked at the other two buckets.

The other two buckets were largely filled with water. It was so clear that the surface was like a river, but there was not any Koi or other living creatures within the water.

"So that bucket of water was used for the fish to live. But this is slightly strange. Just how powerful was that white-haired mysterious person, that even after his death, his body transformed into ashes. The material of that wooden bucket holding water is absolutely not ordinary. It's about to rot, however the Koi inside is still alive, and the water hasn't dried up..."

Could it be that the Koi was some transportation of some great demon?

Ye Qingyu could not be sure.

After thinking for it a bit, he did not move without purpose. His gaze fell on the bamboo rods lying by the wall.

But after careful inspection, it was not bamboo rods at all. It was evidently five saplings, but it was just that all the branches and leaves had fallen off. So from it's outer bare and naked appearance, it looked just like a bamboo rod.

Ye Qingyu held the little sapling in his hand, sensing a weight as heavy as a mountain.

"It's heavy. It's at least hundreds of thousands of pounds."

He was slightly shocked.

The little sapling did not seem to be longer than two meters, and it was the thickness of a finger. Why was it so heavy?

The other four were also extremely heavy.

Ye Qingyu once again inspected the silver rope hanging on the wall at the depths of the storage wall. The material was the same as the rope coiled on the ground. But it was much shorter, less than ten meters long. There was a thing hanging on it that was like a salted dried fish. After careful inspection, Ye Qingyu discovered it really was a fish, but it had already been completely dried up by the wind. It was unknown just what species it was from, and it was evidently different from the half dead koi in that wooden bucket. It was tied up by the silver rope, hanging in the air, and was already completely dead.

"Could this be a salted fish that was leftovers from the mysterious white-haired person eating it?"

Ye Qingyu felt this matter was somewhat mysterious.

He had largely already seen everything in the storage room.

However, apart from the divine level Origin liquid held in those jars, the other things Ye Qingyu was completely confused about. He evidently knew that none of the items here was ordinary, but he had no idea just what these items were or what their origin was.

"Sigh, if it really was a treasure room filled with pills, secret manuals and weapons, just how great would this be."

Ye Qingyu had no way of getting rid of such a thought.

He held that little sapling in his hands. After waving it about for a few times, the weight was enough and it seemed solid enough. But the problem was, to use a tree to fight someone... it's appearance was somewhat lacking.

After a brief thought, Ye Qingyu ultimately did not take anything from the store room and headed outside.

Everything was strange inside and filled with a weird aura. Ye Qingyu had to consider it carefully before doing anything.

After all, what he had was time.

Who would have guessed when he had just reached the entrance of the store room, and was about to depart, there was suddenly a somewhat shameless voice that sounded next to his ear ----

“Eh? Don't go... young man... please stay behind."

Ye Qingyu nearly tripped over.

Who was speaking?

All the hair in his body stood up. He was instantly at his most cautious state, turning around to investigate.

In the storeroom, there was evidently not any figure at all. There was not even a hint of a shadow.

"Who is it?" Ye Qingyu shouted in a low voice.

"Friend, it's me... we just met just now," the voice sounded out again.

“Recently met? Who are you fooling, just who are you? You..." there were countless thoughts passing by through Ye Qingyu's mind. The last person he saw was evidently the black hearted Xiao Yunlong, could it be that he had come to kill him? But that person, would definitely hide in the darkness to stab him, and wouldn't give him warning, could it be...

A thought suddenly occurred to Ye Qingyu.

"You, you, you, you... are that dried fish?" He asked, surprise on his face.

“Cough cough... friend you are wrong." The vulgar voice let out a couple of dry coughs, then his voice suddenly became authoritative and serious. "I am the King of the Ancient Quicksand Sea, the Inspiration King. I ruled the millions of water lifeforms of the endless seas and oceans. Even the ancient dragon race has respect and fear for me. I commanded ten war divisions, nine armies, eight war gods, seven concubines... but because of a killing tribulation one day, I had no way of escaping. I could only be trapped in the Dragon wood bucket, for millions of years...”

Ye Qingyu somewhat understood.

"Therefore you really are that fish in that wooden bucket?" He was somewhat surprised.

“Cough cough, my friend you have mistaken. Right now, I only slightly look like a fish, but in the past I was the Inspiration King..." that vulgar voice explained.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "Oh, so you really are that dried fish."

The vulgar voice: "...”

"Friend, meeting is fate. If you come over, this fish will... cough cough, this King will gift you with an incredible fortuitous encounter." The vulgar voice suddenly became strong once again, it's tone filled with temptation.“

Ye Qingyu did not even change his expression, as he retreated a step or two, "What great fortuitous encounter? What fortune will you not want yourself, but gift to me?"

This voice did not sound reliable at all.

"Cough cough, friend, you need to believe me. The Inspiration King was what kind of character in the past, why would I need to fool you? I am trapped here, with no way of escaping. If you can help me escape, then I will definitely repay you." That vulgar voice continued, "This fortune is related to the Lightning Emperor of the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors of the Human Race in the past, Qin Ming. I am of another race, so I have no way of obtaining it, so I can only gift it to you."

Lightning Emperor?

Ye Qingyu's heart quivered.

This was not because he truly believed in the words of this fish.

It was just that solely because hearing the words the Lightning Emperor was enough to make someone's ear quake like thunder booming.

The Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors was the highest peak of the martial path in the history of the Human Race. The Lightning Emperor had even achieved the peak before the [Formation Sovereign] Luoso. He was a legendary figure, with his life filled with countless myths and stories. In the ancient histories and legends that Ye Qingyu had managed to touch upon, if not for the fact that there was the Lightning Emperor appearing from nowhere when the Human Race was facing a danger of extinction, and managing to turn the tides, there would not be the appearance of the seven other martial Emperors of the Human Race.

One could even say that the Lightning Emperor had saved the entire Human Race.

But the first Great Emperor of the Martial Path in the history of mankind was like a shooting star that just flashed by. Then, in less than a thousand years of time, he instantly mysteriously disappeared with his whereabouts unknown. Even his martial teaching and martial techniques were lost in the ravages and river of time. No one had managed to obtain it. From then onwards, there was no longer anyone who was able to completely control the power of the laws of Lightning.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

