Chapter 1193:


Chapter 1208 - The Fall of a Martial Emperor

"Girl, be careful!" Ye Qingyu turned behind and shouted loudly.

"I'll be fine," Song Xiaojun's eyes blazed with dark flames and she forced herself to stay out of this battle.

She had also activated the power of her blood, but since she had yet to become an Emperor, she could be crushed like vermin by these Martial Emperors. If she joined the battle, she might even become a burden to him.

She was extremely worried for him.

As though the ancient fiery Phoenix had been stunned into silence by the power of the battle between Martial Emperors, she had surprisingly stopped trying to struggle against her restraints and quietly remained still under the protection of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The rocky planets were blasted into smithereens.

The sword light flashed and the silver divine dragon let out a long howl that sounded like the hiss of a sword.

The burly Martial Emperor's attack was instantly destroyed.

"We've only just begun," he yelled loudly and grabbed at the void.

The shattered pieces of the rocky planets immediately swarmed toward his palm to form an incredibly huge rocky planet. This planet was even bigger than the burly Martial Emperor himself and he raised this huge planet with both hands as though he was an ancient divine giant lifting a blazing sun. The humongous rocky planet started to swivel madly and then, the burly Martial Emperor launched this giant planet at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu stood like a fiendgod in space and ordinary planets were as large as chicken eggs next to him, but they were much smaller compared to this huge rocky planet. Next to this rocky planet, all other planets seemed like flickering rocks in space.

"Split!" he did not dare to hesitate and held his [Blood Drinker Sword] with both hands. His figure flashed and his incredibly large figure was surprisingly agile.

There as a flash of blinding splendor and he charged forward instead of retreating. He slashed out with his sword and cut the rocky planet into two from the middle. He moved like a ray of flowing light and instantly appeared in front of the burly Martial Emperor.

His sword radiance was incredibly astonishing and contained the will of the people that had the power to destroy gods and demons alike.

The burly Martial Emperor looked very grim and hesitated for a moment but ultimately chose not to face this blow head-on. He dodged this blow and his figure faded away magically and his illusory figure was slashed into dust by the sword. He then reappeared behind Ye Qingyu with his arms outstretched and clapped his palms together in Ye Qingyu's direction, releasing mighty Dao sounds that rumbled like thunder.

The two halves of the rocky planet that Ye Qingyu had destroyed earlier had silently crept up beside him and as the burly Martial Emperor slapped his palms together, the two halves also slammed together, sandwiching Ye Qingyu between them like a meat pie.

Rumble!

Dao sounds echoed like thunder.

Ye Qingyu was trapped within the rocky planet.

"Brother Qingyu..." Song Xiaojun yelled loudly, her concern clouding her judgment.

The burly Martial Emperor's face hardened coldly and he kept his palms together in a prayer pose. His fingers continued to create all kinds of handprints and soon, countless handprints appeared from his hands and entered the huge rocky planet. His Emperor qi exploded everywhere, the chains of laws circled around like a dragon, while the broken rocks that floated in space wrapped around the huge rocky planet many times over like an earthen formation.

"The laws of the earth, the seal of the planet... capture!" he yelled loudly.

This was his Martial Emperor way and his personal and most powerful Emperor technique.

The rocky planet shook madly as though a terrifying creature was struggling to break free, but this creature was continually knocked back into the rocky planet by the endless stream of earth formation and Emperor chains. He failed to break free, but rays of silver sword light continued to pierce through the rocky planet. However, the moment an opening appeared on the rocky planet, the earth would flow like ripples on a pond to quickly cover the gap.

"Even a Martial Emperor would not be able to escape from the seal I've laid around the planet. So there's no use struggling... you should just give up," the burly Martial Emperor said confidently.

In front of Ye Qingyu he seemed week, looked like he had been provoked, and seemed as though he didn't dare to meet Ye Qingyu's sword head-on, but he had merely been putting on an act. Those who had managed to become Martial Emperors would have experienced countless battles and weathered all sorts of turbulence in life, so why would he have lost all sense of reason in a moment of anger?

His plan had finally worked.

The rocky planet continued to tremble and shake and a terrifying force exploded from within it, as though he was about to escape but the burly Martial Emperor constantly pumped his Emperor qi through the Emperor formation chains like a spider keeping a close eye on its prey. Layers of earth continued to repair any openings within the rocky planet like a large web and prevented Ye Qingyu's counter attacks from reaching the surface of the planet. He continued to trap Ye Qingyu within the planet and made escape impossible for him.

"You've only just become an Emperor and have yet to stabilize your Emperor qi. You might have transformed from a fish into a dragon, but since you can't soar in the air, you're still nothing but a fish," the burly Martial Emperor said as he continued to send handprints into the rocky planet and exerted his most powerful personal Emperor technique.

In the distance, dozens of deserted primitive planets were drawn by the power of his Emperor qi, and they were pulled out of their original orbit like swallows returning to their nests and rapidly swarmed toward the large rocky planet at the speed of flowing lights. They crashed against the rocky planet like meteors and were destroyed by the Emperor qi, before becoming part of the rocky planet.

In the  blink of an eye, the surface area of the rocky planet increased by more than ten times.

The burly Martial Emperor's figure had been extremely large, so those naturally formed planets were as big as chicken eggs in front of him. However, when he stood in front of this rocky planet, his figure was like a small hill in front of a ten thousand-meter tall mountain.

The divine abilities of a Martial Emperor were incredibly powerful and earth-shattering. He could reverse the forces of nature, reach out to grab the moon, sun and planets, and cause heaven and earth to tremble and create planets with a single thought. He could then use huge planets as a weapon against his opponents. This was something that ordinary martial artists would never be able to do and these divine abilities were something that they couldn't even begin to fathom.

"Brother Qingyu!" Song Xiaojun screamed in horror and she was extremely worried for him.

She had weathered through all kinds of storms and had almost lost her life countless times as the Emperor of the Unmoving City of Darkness, so she was already immune to all these dangers and storms, but at that moment, her concern for Ye Qingyu overrode her judgment. She was no longer able to stand idly by and attempted to charge forward into the battlefield many times. She didn't mind dying along with Brother Qingyu, but she was unable to break free from the defensive light ring of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"Ha ha ha, you had always been so arrogant in the past but now, the tables have turned and you're the one being suppressed. Young men do lose their cool too easily," the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan relaxed and nodded his head.

The sovereign of the Dark Feather clan heaved a sigh of relief. This young man was a newly minted Martial Emperor, so there was still a huge difference in strength between him and the veteran Martial Emperors, especially in the aspects of the power of Dao laws and exerting of Emperor techniques. Now that the burly Martial Emperor had trapped him with his Emperor technique, Ye Qingyu was as good as dead.

"No matter how hard you struggle, all your efforts will come to naught," the burly Martial Emperor said with a confident smile.

At the same time, a ray of silver splendor suddenly broke the rocky planet apart and hurtled toward the burly Martial Emperor at lightning speed. That ray of silver splendor had circled around his neck even before the smile was wiped from the burly Martial Emperor's face, then his head that was as large as a huge planet immediately fell from his body...

Everything happened so quickly that it was over before anyone could react.

"What?" the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan exclaimed in shock.

The sovereign of the Dark Feather clan looked like he had just seen a ghost.

They had clearly sensed that the burly Martial Emperor's life force and Emperor Dao aura had dissipated so rapidly after his head was separated from his body that it seemed to be beyond belief. The large body that was now missing a head stumbled backward in space like a drunken man and tried to grab futilely at something but failed to do so. Soon, a silent vibration appeared and the burly Martial Emperor's large body collapsed in the void like a golden mountain or a jade pillar toppling over.

Rumble!

The rocky planet that had been holding Ye Qingyu captive suddenly split open and he emerged unscathed from the planet, still holding the [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hands. His black hair and white robes were now stained with mud and dust, but he didn't seem to have sustained any injuries. He abruptly opened his mouth the moment he emerged and swallowed the ray of flowing light that had killed the burly Martial Emperor.

At the same time, the [Blood Drinker Sword] burst forth and transformed into a large silver divine dragon that then pierced through the large corpse of the fallen burly Martial Emperor. Mysterious energy waves sparkled and spread outward, then the burly Martial Emperor's body that had been as a large as a planet quickly shrank like an apple that had all its water sucked out of it.

This whole process happened in the span of one breath.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] had already returned to Ye Qingyu's hands by the time the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan, the sovereign of the Dark Feather clan and Song Xiaojun came back to their senses and it let out gentle and low hisses as it vibrated in his hands, like a creature who had just eaten its fill and dazzling splendor circulated all over its sword body.

The burly Martial Emperor's body had completely turned into dust that scattered and floated around meaninglessly in space along with the shattered rock pieces and planets in the void.

"A veteran Martial Emperor is not that powerful after all," Ye Qingyu said with a smile as he stood in space with his sword.

When he spoke, Dao sounds rolled off his tongue and as his black hair and white robes danced in the air, he seemed absolutely invincible.

Song Xiaojun shrieked in excitement like an exhilarated child.

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan and the sovereign of the Dark Feather clan looked incredibly grim as they took in this scene.

When they exchanged a glance, the contempt and confidence were now wiped from their eyes. The silver splendor that Ye Qingyu had unleashed earlier had managed to kill a Martial Emperor in one blow and this was a feat that seemed incredibly unbelievable. What kind of technique was that and how did he manage to unleash such power?

Even if a Martial Emperor had been beheaded and was unable to grow another head, he could transform his belly button into a mouth and his nipples into eyes to continue battling. There was a famous Emperor in the ancient times who had once achieved this feat, but the burly Martial Emperor had been killed immediately after Ye Qingyu had overcome his Emperor qi and had his spirit and body both completely annihilated. This was a terrifying feat and signified that it was very likely that Ye Qingyu had a weapon or a technique that could fatally kill Martial Emperors.

"I didn't expect you to have such an amazing treasure that could kill the Dark Yellow Emperor in one blow. Unfortunately, there are three of us here today but your supreme treasure could only be used once. Therefore, you've lost your chance," the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan said with a cold laugh.

He hadn't managed to detect anything earlier and had only made this statement to test Ye Qingyu's reaction.

He stared intently at Ye Qingyu after he made his statement. He didn't want to miss any change in Ye Qingyu's expression and hoped that he could detect something from Ye Qingyu's expression that would prove his theory correct.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1194:


Chapter 1209: Original form

However Sovereign Skyreach was disappointed.

Because Ye Qingyu unexpectedly nodded frankly, “You can tell? Yes, the [Geng Metal Pill] although it can only be activated once, but without using it I still have other ways to kill you two.”

Sovereign Skyreach simply couldn’t see any clues.

And the more Ye Qingyu admit that the [Geng Metal Pill] cannot be used again, the more suspicious Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather was.

In their view, Ye Qingyu was deliberately showing weakness, just as the previous burly Martial Emperor did and then operated his life Emperor technique, [Earth Stone Star], to suppress Ye Qingyu. This was clearly a trick. During a battle of life and death, if one easily believes in the opponent’s words, then that is almost no different to throwing away one's life.

For a moment, Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather were both a little hesitant.

The previous scene of Sovereign Dark Yellow being killed was too shocking. Although in their long life they had witnessed the scene of Martial Emperors falling, it was only the life yuan of the Martial Emperors being exhausted leading to their death, or that they had consumed all their strength in battle. It was unlike Sovereign Dark Yellow's sudden death. For existences of the Martial Emperor realm, it was simply too frightening. After all, once one steps into the Martial Emperor realm and sublimated, whether it was their battle strength or life, it would have reached an extremely terrifying level, and can only be slowly worn to death. An instantaneous killing was almost impossible. Even if besieged by dozens of Martial Emperors, it would be the same.

The power to instantaneous kill a Martial Emperor can be regarded as a kind of forbidden technique

And now, in the hands of Ye Qingyu, it was clear that he holds a forbidden technique that can lead to the sudden death of Martial Emperor.

This forbidden technique, for any Martial Emperor, was a great threat.

Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather were unsure what to do, and for a moment, dared not to make a move.

Ye Qingyu clasped the sword tighter and smiled, “You have been painstakingly planning for half a year, but are scared by a sentence of mine, I really feel embarrassed for you... Come on, let's fight, the [Geng Metal Pill] needs to store up power for one year in order to explode once. The forbidden weapon to kill Martial Emperor is extremely difficult to operate. I won’t lie to you. If you attack now, you still have a chance.”

He seemed to be impatiently hoping that the two great Martial Emperors would launch an attack.

And the more he was like this, the more the two great Martial Emperors were afraid to make a move.

Given their strength and realm, no matter what it is, there shouldn’t be any restraint to what they do. Even the destruction of a celestial body or the massacre of a race is decided in a moment. Once decided, they will certainly move like a flash of lightning, will they hesitate in the slightest? But this was based on an invincible situation. Once they find that their survival is threatened, in truth, even Martial Emperors were no different to ordinary people.

Ye Qingyu's urging made them feel that there is a trap waiting for them to drill in.

“Haha, I know, the [Geng Metal Pill] you mention must have some kind of time limit. So you keep urging us to make a move. When the time limit is over, that [Geng Metal Pill] won’t have any effect, hahaha.” Sovereign Dark Feather sneered, understanding dawning on his face. “

Ye Qingyu's countenance indeed changed abruptly.

“Haha, what a joke, two great Martial Emperors are working together to attack a junior, but are still overcautious and hesitant. The Emperor's prestige has been lost by you cowards.” Ye Qingyu's expression seemed a bit unnatural, laughing he said, “If your guess is correct, in that there is a time limit, then why would I be here talking nonsense and deliberately wasting time. Wouldn’t it be better to take the initiative to activate the [Geng Metal Pill] and kill you?”

Ye Qingyu's logic was absolutely correct.

But, in the ears of the two Martial Emperors, his words were more like sophistry, especially given Ye Qingyu's change of expression. They were absolutely certain that their speculation was correct and that Ye Qingyu just wanted to urge them to attack.

“Hahaha, since you will die no matter what today anyway, there is no need to hurry.”

“Yes, we will let you live for a few more hours so that you will suffer in the fear of death.”

The two great Martial Emperors had made up their mind, and decided to surround him without attacking for now.

As expected, Ye Qingyu's face revealed a hint of almost imperceptible impatience and disappointment, which was completely captured by the eyes of the two great Martial Emperors. This suggested that their speculation was correct, and made them stick to their decision.

“Well, since you are so cowardly, then excuse me for not keeping you company.”

Ye Qingyu deliberately turned around, his figure rapidly shrinking, and when he came to the [Cloud Top Cauldron], he was already the size of a normal person. As though walking through a light screen of nothingness, he penetrated the light shield of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and appeared in front of Song Xiaojun.

Song Xiaojun anxiously rushed over, “Brother Qingyu, you... you okay?”

She was really anxious.

Because Ye Qingyu's opponents this time were true Martial Emperors, the world’s most invincible existences, and furthermore there were three of them.

“Don't worry, just clowns, how can they hurt me?”

Ye Qingyu smiled and held the little hand of Song Xiaojun; the action extremely natural.

His voice was very loud that the two Martial Emperors in the distance could naturally hear him clearly; however the two did not reveal the slightest anger upon hearing this, and instead were more certain that Ye Qingyu was deliberately acting and angering them.

The figures of the two great Martial Emperors gradually faded away, secretly activating the siege formation. All directions were blocked, pressure exerting down, and beams of flowing light were constantly bombarding the [Cloud Top Cauldron], producing loud booms with every strike, but were unable to shake the shield of the [Cloud Top Cauldron] in the slightest.

Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of relief, secretly regulated his breathing and made good use of the time to restore his strength.

Even as a Martial Emperor, the activation of the [Geng Metal Pill] still consumed a lot of strength.

This [Geng Metal Pill] was really incredibly terrifying. Back when Ye Qingyu killed the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect he also had to consume a significant amount of strength to activate it. This time, in order to instantly kill Sovereign Dark Yellow, he had consumed even more strength than before. In truth, he was currently in a very weak state. If the two Martial Emperors were to attack him now, he would certainly be in an incredibly difficult situation.

Unfortunately, the two great Martial Emperors were intimidated by Ye Qingyu's expression and bluffing.

After a while, Ye Qingyu finally recovered.

He secretly attempted to break the seal formations in the surroundings to take Song Xiaojun to a safe place first. He wasn’t afraid of the two great Martial Emperors, but leaving Song Xiaojun and the sealed ancient Phoenix in the battlefield wasn’t ideal. During the earth-shaking battle he was not confident that he could protect these two.

But unfortunately, Sovereign Skyreach and other people had indeed invested a lot of capital this time. As a result, the seals and formations in the surroundings were extremely solid and stable. Ye Qingyu had attempted to use a number of different fiendgod techniques besides the [Flash], including [Void Walk], but was still unsuccessful.

“It seems I must adapt according to the situation.”

Ye Qingyu seemed somewhat disappointed.

Song Xiaojun did not say a word and just quietly held Ye Qingyu's hand.

The faint warmth from the little, soft and fair hand put Ye Qingyu at ease.

And the giant flame bear had already turned to its original form——a dark-red toy bear, carried in Song Xiaojun’s hand. This toy bear was originally a gift from Ye Qingyu back when they were in Deer City. After this, although Song Xiaojun lost her memory and no longer remembered Ye Qingyu, but perhaps because of intuition, she had been carrying the bear with her everywhere, keeping it close to her. She even refined it with her bloodline divine ability. After a long period of time, the bear's colour also began to change, and possessed consciousness and spirit. Its existence was similar to a life weapon of Song Xiaojun.

After several attempts, Ye Qingyu gave up the idea of taking Song Xiaojun to leave this place first.

“It seems that only by getting rid of Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather first can we get out of here.”

He vaguely guessed that even [Flash] might not successfully break the seal around the starry sky battlefield, thus also gave up other attempts. After whispering something in Song Xiaojun's ear, he then continued to regulate his breathing, and about half an hour later, he had completely recovered.

He slowly emerged from the light protection barrier of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Ye Qingyu’s divine sense began to spread, immediately determining the position of Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather, the two great Martial Emperors.

“Fight.”

Ye Qingyu's body suddenly expanded, the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] activated, turning into a silver armour that covered his whole body and with silver scales flowing with real Emperor qi. At this moment, Ye Qingyu no longer needed to disguise himself and had completely released the aura of this Emperor weapon. At the same time, in his dantian, the [Yuan Qi True-Self Doppelganger] that was originally sitting cross-legged in the center of the ocean also grew in size. It was now completely identical to the physical body. The original form of a Martial Emperor had emerged. His figure was similar to a giant spiritual fiendgod, eyes glowing like two blazing suns. As it opened its mouth to breathe, it was as though a starry river was being swallowed.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] also similarly increased in size, turning into a giant object of tens of thousands of kilometers long.

“Show yourself.”

As Ye Qingyu’s wrist shook, the sword will of the [Life Sword Mantra] differentiated into two, shooting towards different directions in the void.

Rumble!

The starry battlefield was vibrating.

Dao sounds boomed, laws surged, and even the eternally lonely starry river was bubbling. The countless fragments from the giant earth star left behind before Sovereign Dark Yellow’s death were also impacted by the power of the [Life Sword Mantra], becoming as hard as Immortal iron, and hurtled across the sky at an incredible speed towards where the two great Martial Emperors were hiding.

The sword qi was mighty and vast, like an ancient long river.

His mastery of swordsmanship had already reached a divine level.

“Die!” The original form of Sovereign Skyreach was also revealed.

He was not part of the Human Race, so his Martial Emperor original form was an enormous six-winged golden Hou (a legendary creature), which possesses the ability to fly to the heavens in one leap. Legend has it that it was the ancient beast that can fly the highest, and thus has the name Skyreach. The original form of the Sky-reaching clan was the Hou, and the original form of Sovereign Skyreach was even more terrifying, like a giant beast able to devour the starry river. In one mouthful, the fragments of the giant earth star were pulled into his mouth. In the depths of his giant mouth was a river of stars flowing, resembling a living universe in his body.

“It's almost time to send you down to the underworld.” Sovereign Dark Feather also spoke, revealing his Martial Emperor original form.

The Dark Feather clan was the descendant of the black-winged nine-headed Dapeng (a mythological giant bird), thus the original form of Sovereign Dark Feather was a black-winged nine-headed Dapeng, an equally terrifying giant beast of the ancient times. It was rumoured that the black-winged Dapeng feeds on Dragons and Phoenixes, and likes to eat Dragon liver and Phoenix marrow. Therefore, the moment that Sovereign Dark Feather revealed his original form, there was all of a sudden a ruthless and violent aura filling the lonely darkness of the starry battlefield.

“It turns out to be two beasts, today I will kill both the chicken and the dog.” Ye Qingyu sneered, swinging his sword up——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1195:


Chapter 1210, Clear and bright

The shape and appearance of the Hou was similar to a winged tiger. In fact, it was an old tiger that had grown wings, and the black-winged nine-headed Dapeng was a bird. Therefore they were called a chicken and a dog by Ye Qingyu. This was an undisguised ridicule, also a kind of contempt.

But having learnt a lesson from Sovereign Dark Yellow's situation, Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather carefully suppressed their emotions and controlled themselves to not be aggravated.

Moreover, they had already given up being cautious and careful about their reputation as a Martial Emperor, and had joined forces to strike back.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

Ye Qingyu's first move was already the strongest battle sword technique of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General]. Like the blade technique of the [Eight Ways of a Night Battle], all of a sudden the entire starry battlefield was filled with the sword will of the [Life Sword Mantra], while countless giant swords formed a true [Storm of Swords] that swept across.

“Break, break, break... Break!” The black-winged nine-headed Dapeng opened his mouth wide. All nine heads were emitting the power of sound waves. The nine consecutive words ‘break’ sent the void shaking with incomparably mysterious Dao sounds. In an instant all of the silver sword will were shattered; however, the blade storm, like a gust of wind, did not stop and directly drowned him the next moment.

While Sovereign Skyreach simply opened his huge mouth, like devouring the stars, directly swallowed the sword body and sword will of the [Life Sword Mantra].

“Oh, how arrogant.” Ye Qingyu sneered, and with a thought, triggered the sword will of the [Life Sword Mantra] to erupt completely. Even the sword will and body swallowed into Sovereign Skyreach's mouth had suddenly exploded like a crash of thunder, rumbling in his body as it transformed into a terrifying killing sword qi that destroyed the internal body of Sovereign Skyreach's original form.

Rumble!

The internal body of Sovereign Skyreach was indeed producing bursts of Dao sounds.

However, he burst into laughter, “Swallowing the sun and chewing the moon are my divine abilities... The sword qi simply contains a hint of strange force, how can it hurt me.” Within his body, there was a flowing river of stars. The stars began to arrange into formation, like a small universe, and in an instant diminished the power of the [Life Sword Mantra] intent.

And at the same time, a warning sign came to Ye Qingyu's mind.

While he was still thinking, he noticed that there were two incredibly sharp gushes of power piercing through the air in his direction, locking onto his original form. It was like an Immortal blade or a divine sword. Even given Ye Qingyu's strength, before the piercing sharp force had arrived, he already felt spells of biting pain.

But, Sovereign Dark Feather, who was originally submerged in the blade storm, had used some mysterious Emperor technique to escape, like a cicada shedding and leaving its empty shell, and reappeared behind Ye Qingyu. That incomparably sharp power was precisely from his pair of black wings. The pair of black wings was the world's sharpest sword, comparable to any divine weapon.

“[Void Walk].”

Ye Qingyu bellowed, his figure flashing.

Black wings streaked across, instantly hacking his residual shadow into dust.

But Ye Qingyu's true body, at the same time, had appeared hundreds of thousands of kilometers away.

“Gather... [Sword of Judgment]!”

He pinched his fingers together to perform a sword technique. The next moment the sky was filed with the sword will of the [Life Sword Mantra], like a sudden downpour, or like swallows returning to their nest. A long silver sword millions of kilometers long suddenly emerged, pressing down from a height and locked on Sovereign Dark Feather, as if it really was the [Sword of Judgment] from the divine Immortal world.

This was the evolved version of the final killing move of the [Four Moves of the Unmatched General].

After Ye Qingyu reached the Emperor realm, he had once again revisited the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. It was then that he truly appreciated and understood the power and profound meaning of the fiendgod battle skills within. Under the activation of Emperor strength, any kind of fiendgod skills was not in the slightest inferior to a top Emperor technique. It could be said that what the present Ye Qingyu lacks was definitely not Emperor killing moves.

“Haha, want to chop me up?”

Sovereign Dark Feather proudly laughed, accelerated all of a sudden and disappeared.

The black-winged nine-headed Dapeng was a strange species born in the ancient times. Its speed was incredibly fast, not inferior in any respect to the Kunping, one of the eight great legendary divine beasts. Not even the eyesight of a Martial Emperor can capture its trajectory. To escape from the [Storm of Swords] and strike Ye Qingyu all of a sudden was something only extreme speed can achieve. At this time, he had once again entered into an extremely fast flying state, which even Ye Qingyu, for a moment, was unable to capture his flight trajectory.

But, the next moment——

Boom!

The [Sword of Judgment] extremely precisely struck the body of Sovereign Dark Feather who was traveling at an incredibly rapid speed, blowing up three to five black feathers. Interrupted in a state of extreme speed, his figure was sent flying obliquely and looked to be in a bit of a panic.

“You... deserve to die.”

Sovereign Dark Feather flew into a rage.

It was the first time he had been hit by his opponent in such a way during his rapid flight, breaking his speeding state.

He knew that what Ye Qingyu used was a fiendgod battle technique, a top Emperor technique. Once the [Sword of Judgment] was launched out, it can lock onto the target. Unless the opponent dies, the opponent would eventually be struck. This was the terrifying aspect of the battle skills in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

But at the same time, Ye Qingyu seemed to be aware of something. He brought his [Blood Drinker Sword] up in a defensive guard across his chest. In the originally empty space in front, suddenly a snow-white sabre Emperor weapon had silently appeared, like a ghost, striking the [Blood Drinker Sword], and sent Ye Qingyu propelling away by the huge blast.

It was a sneak attack from Sovereign Skyreach.

The snow-white sabre flew back, landing into the mouth of Sovereign Skyreach, and turned into a tooth.

While sent flying, Ye Qingyu triggered [Void Walk] once again, constantly changing his position.

In a battle among Emperor-level experts, especially in the case of fighting against two, the best way to protect oneself was to prevent the opponent from determining your true position. Although it is said that a true Martial Emperor’s form was incomparably huge, whether it was the human form or a foreign race, it would not in the slightest affect the flexibility and agility in battle.

In the blink of an eye, it was unknown how many times the three great Martial Emperors had exchanged moves.

Enormous figures were appearing and disappearing, like streams of sparks. They flashed constantly, occasionally collided, and produced resounding booms. The Dao sounds were like claps of thunder, while the ripples of Dao resembled waves, spreading constantly. In less than a few minutes, all of the stars in this starry battlefield had already been turned to ashes. This starry domain had also been completely turned into a dead domain.

Even someone as strong as Song Xiaojun, with full attention, also could not tell who had the upper hand.

Such an Emperor battle had gone beyond her ability and understanding. But for Song Xiaojun, this was also a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. To be able to spectate a real Emperor battle at such a close distance without being impacted was the dream of countless martial artists. She was able to truly feel the fluctuations of Emperor strength in the void, and also plant the seeds of becoming Emperor in her heart.

Song Xiaojun's strength originally belonged to a near-invincible existence just below the Martial Emperor. Otherwise, the other side would not have had to dispatch so many Quasi-emperors to besiege her, and she remained undefeated even after fifteen consecutive days. At this time, although she couldn’t really appreciate the profound meaning and the strength and weakness during the battle among Martial Emperors, she was still able to perceive and capture the great Dao contained in the three very different fluctuations of Emperor power. Even if she only understood a little, for her, it could already be considered as the sound of heaven.

It was just that she was extremely worried about Ye Qingyu, and thus inevitably distracted. The effect of this understanding and perception was greatly reduced as a result.

And the true ancient flame Phoenix, who was currently in a sealed state, maintained silent and still as before. She was situated not far from Song Xiaojun. Within her eyes, there was a glimmer of bright light flashing, although very faint, there was a hint of violence, and more of anger.

Upon a closer look, one would notice that the attention of the true ancient flame Phoenix was fixed on the battle of the three great Emperors, even more so than the concerned and worried Song Xiaojun.

And with the passage of time, the bright and clear light in the eyes of the true ancient flame Phoenix also grew fiercer and brighter.

Rumble!

Heavenly thunder roared again in the starry battlefield.

“Devour heaven and earth... [Matchless Snow Blade Killing]!”

Sovereign Skyreach opened his mouth, all the snow-white fangs turned into snowy white knives and shot out. In the void, like an array of stars, they gathered into a terrifying killing formation that locked onto Ye Qingyu’s body.

“[Extremely Fast Extermination]!”

Sovereign Dark Feather also acted.

The hundreds of black feathers on his body automatically detached, swirling and fluttering in disorder in the void. But as soon as it got within ten thousand kilometers of Ye Qingyu, each feather turned into a black wing, like a black sabre, making strange slashes, collided with each other, and constantly changed positions. They were frantically changing and transforming as they gathered in a killing formation.

The real killing moves of the two great Martial Emperors had appeared.

This was because they were pushed to a certain point. In the previous battle, despite fighting against only one opponent, not only did they fail to occupy the upper hand, they were instead wounded by Ye Qingyu. Besides infuriated, their fear of Ye Qingyu also intensified.

The real Emperor killing moves had descended.

The two major killing formations could be said to be their Emperor life techniques.

Ye Qingyu's facial expression changed. He swung his sword up and pinched out a strange sword seal. His body suddenly rolled up like a baby in a mother’s womb. Unexpectedly, not only did he not swing the sword up to strike back, but he stood there motionlessly. The [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] on him was overflowing with a white brilliance, which forcibly took on the attack of the two great Emperor killing formations.

In an instant, Ye Qingyu's body was submerged by terrifying Emperor power, and snowy-white and black sabres.

“Huh? Is this a deliberate search for death?”

“He wants to suicide to end the battle?”

Such a scene astonished both Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather.

Because this time, they could distinguish that Ye Qingyu had truly withstood the two great killing formations with his physical body alone. He did not strike back, but forcibly received the attacks. This behaviour was simply crazy, and no different to suicide. Even the Martial Emperor of the Immortal clan, which boasts to possess an Immortal body, would be afraid to do such a thing.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Terrifying Emperor power continuously bombarded Ye Qingyu. And with Ye Qingyu as the center, within a radius of millions of kilometers, the disorderly Emperor power and the chains of law constantly stacked together, forming a chaotic turbulent storm that could destroy heaven and earth.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1196:


Chapter 1211, Fear

The astonishment of the two great Martial Emperors did not last for too long, because soon there was an uncontrollable killing intent surfacing in their heart. Their Martial Emperor original form produced a resounding roar as they charged toward the storm of chaos. They wanted to take advantage of the time when Ye Qingyu was in a seriously wounded state to kill him in one strike.

Swoosh!

They were so fast that in a split second they were already in the center of the storm of chaos.

But at the same time, when they saw the scene in the storm of chaos, a look of shock twisted their face. Ye Qingyu was not severely wounded by the two great killing formations as they had thought. In this moment, the surface of Ye Qingyu's body was shrouded in faint azure light as his body curled up in a fetal position. At first glance, he looked more like a huge statue. In particular, the pale azure light had fully enveloped his body, protecting him from any attacks. Adding to this, he seemed to be absorbing the power of the chaotic storm and the two great killing formations. It was unknown how many times more powerful the aura his body exuded was than before. Even the two great Martial Emperors couldn't help shuddering with fear.

“Not good...”

“This is... an Emperor technique?”

The uncontrollable killing intent the two great Martial Emperor had instantly melted like ice.

Although it was unknown what sort of mysterious Emperor technique Ye Qingyu was using, but an extremely dangerous warning sign made the two great Martial Emperors chose to retreat right away.

However, it was easy to come but difficult to leave.

When they wanted to leave, they found that the whole area of the chaos storm had become like a vacuum swamp. The law of chaos and the power of order, like vines, were entangling their bodies, making them feel like a snail caught in a swamp. They were struggling with great difficulty and unable to free themselves.

All of a sudden, the shock in the two people's heart was even fiercer than before.

That was when——

Ye Qingyu, who was curled up in the center of the chaos storm, suddenly snapped open his eyes. Even within his eyes was a mysterious azure brilliance flashing. The light of his eyes, like two divine swords, instantly punctured through the chaos storm circle. The moment he stretched his body, the whole area of chaos storm, even the faint layer of azure light around his body, like a hurricane, instantly spread out.

Boom!

Since the beginning of the Emperor battle, this was one of the most frightening rumble of Dao sounds.

An extremely terrifyingly unbelievable power of destruction broke out with Ye Qingyu as the center.

The two great Martial Emperors could only feel the power that caused their palpitations like a raging wave engulfed them from behind, They screamed out almost in unison, activated all defenses and weapons with all their strength, and then their body was seen submerged by this power of destruction.

Terrifying waves of radiation swept through the entire starry battlefield.

This force was more terrifying than any blow made by the previous three Martial Emperors.

The chaos storm had almost destroyed everything.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] glowed a red and gold brilliance, while the inscription on its surface detached from its body, and like a golden ancient formation chain, twisted around the entire [Cloud Top Cauldron] like a protective barrier. There were continuously golden light rippling out that protected Song Xiaojun and the true ancient Phoenix. It was also fortunate that they were far from the center of the battlefield, and thus did not have to endure this force head-on.

In this moment, whether it was Song Xiaojun or the ancient Phoenix, neither was able to clearly feel the profound and incredible meaning of the law. Especially since the two great Martial Emperors had hastily and almost unreservedly released out their strongest Emperor power. It was as though the usual fog had scattered, revealing the true nature.

The clearness and brightness in the eyes of the ancient Phoenix was becoming more and more clear.

Her consciousness was recovering little by little.

And the fire of the True Phoenix on her was also disappearing a little at a time, as though integrating with her body.

Song Xiaojun did not notice this much——or maybe it was that she did not pay any attention to the ancient Phoenix behind her.

All the attention and mind of the Emperor of Darkness was fixed on the sword-wielding figure in the center of the storm of chaos. It was only when she saw that Ye Qingyu had come out of the chaos storm unscathed, like a fiendgod, instantly reappeared before Sovereign Dark Feather, and slashed out the [Blood Drinker Sword] to sever a huge Dapeng head that she breathed a sigh of relief. Even she was unaware that her back was already soaked in cold sweat!

“Ah...” The tragic scream of Sovereign Dark Feather echoed and resounded throughout the starry battlefield.

One of his great Dapeng heads had been chopped down, blood gushing out and drowning a side of the starry sky like an ocean. His Martial Emperor original form had been wounded. For any Martial Emperor, this was a very critical injury, which cannot be restored with just by burning qi and life yuan. It was equivalent to the result of the Emperor way being severed, and will lead to a fall in cultivation base.

Sovereign Dark Feather was in severe pain and anger.

He had already sustained injuries during the previous bizarre chaos storm. His black wings were damaged and his pale skin was exposed, but in comparison, those were only minor injuries. His broken head was the real serious damage to his yuan qi.

“With my sword, drink his blood... kill!”

Ye Qingyu had occupied the upper hand and did not show mercy. The [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand flashed, instantly swallowing up the ocean-like blood in the sky. He then went on to activate the [Limitless Divine Way]. His strength instantly surged to the [Third Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way] and launched out another sword strike.

This sword was even more terrifying than the previous sword strike.

Within the [Blood Drinker Sword], the blood and qi of the black-winged nine-headed Dapeng also transformed into a vast power of destruction. With the assistance of the [Life Sword Mantra] sword will, the [Blood Drinker Sword] was once again flickering with blood-coloured brilliance, like flashes of lightning. The next moment, another head of Sovereign Dark Feather was directly slashed off again.

“Ah... Die!”

Sovereign Dark Feather let out an anguished scream, as his wings shook rapidly. His tens of millions of black feathers turned into swords of black lightning, and like a surging tide, slammed down at Ye Qingyu's head. At the same time, his body quickly drew back, frantically opening the distance between them.

“[Storm of Swords]!”

Ye Qingyu did not give chase. One should not pursue a cornered enemy. Instead his Emperor-level swordsmanship was put to use.

Countless images of the [Blood Drinker Sword] spread out like a peacock's tail next to him, rotating rapidly. The friction between the blades produced sputtering sparks and endless Dao sounds, before they were released and collided with the endless black feather lightning swords.

Another chaos storm permeated the starry sky where the blades and swords collided.

The whole process was like a flash of lightning, so fast that nobody could react.

“How could this happen?”

Sovereign Skyreach stood there aghast. He was covered in blood, and even forgot to attack Ye Qingyu.

His present state was equally very bad. His dazzlingly bright golden fur had faded to a pale colour, among the six wings there were two that had been scarred, his bones were broken, and he had two missing fangs. He was not injured lightly at all during the chaos storm.

What is going on here?

Sovereign Skyreach couldn't believe what he saw.

He and Sovereign Dark Feather were experienced Martial Emperors, who can be said to have been restored to their former peak state. Moreover, they had already joined hands and counterattacked with Emperor killing moves and techniques together. However, not only were they unable to wound Ye Qingyu, but instead they had sustained critical injuries. He could not accept this result at all.

At that moment, he vaguely felt that what Ye Qingyu used was a kind of strength-borrowing Emperor technique, which absorbed and counterattacked his Emperor killing move. However, the problem was that these were two great Emperor killing moves. What kind of strength-borrowing secret technique could absorb and counter such power?

This kid who comes from the Vast Thousand Domains really had too many hidden cards and secrets.

In this moment, there was already a glimmer of intent to retreat in Sovereign Skyreach’s heart. In truth, if he had a choice, he really did not want to die in the hands of such an opponent, especially since he had endured for so many years and was at the critical moment when the ultimate goal would soon appear.

But can he retreat?

He obviously could not.

Because from the beginning till now, it wasn't up to him to decide.

It also wasn't up to Sovereign Dark Feather.

But...

Sovereign Skyreach gritted his teeth.

At this time, Sovereign Dark Feather incredibly came to the side of Sovereign Skyreach. On every head of the remaining seven heads, his eyes were flashing with uncontrollable anger and similarly uncontrollable fear. “What do we do?”

Yes, even in such an aggravating situation, he had asked ‘what to do’ instead of acting tough and saying words such as ‘kill him together’.

Perhaps because this Heaven's prideling expert, who had once dominated an era, also felt a sense of weakness. Unconsciously, he had already been thinking that it was very likely that even if the two great Emperors were to join hands they still could not do anything to Ye Qingyu.

Like Sovereign Skyreach, Sovereign Dark Feather also wanted to retreat.

But he knew better than Sovereign Skyreach that there was no way to turn back now.

“Is this the strength of the sovereigns hidden in the dark?” Clasping his sword, Ye Qingyu, tread across the void, slowly forcing his way over to the two great Martial Emperors. He shook his head and remarked with a look of disappointment and regret, “Aren't you aware? The reason why you are wounded is not because I am too strong, but because you have grown——weaker——”

The last two words roared like the law of the Dao.

Sovereign Skyreach and Sovereign Dark Feather both all of a sudden became incredibly embarrassed.

They were infuriated, but still hesitant.

“Look, you don't even have the courage to attack... Haha, pitiful, the Martial Emperors who dominated the world before have now lost the spirit they had in the past. For a long period of time, you were like dark ghosts who could not see the light, like a skinny and hungry bear that has to hibernate to survive, shivering for the ultimate purpose, and lacking the real pride of martial artists. You despise everything in the present world, and that’s only because it is what you lack.” Ye Qingyu's pace was slow, but his footsteps were like a thunder hammer. His every word pounded the chest of the two great Martial Emperors to the point they were shuddering with fear.

“Nonsense!” Sovereign Skyreach finally was no longer able to contain the fury in his heart, “Even if you win against us, you are doomed to die today, you...”

Before his voice faded, Sovereign Dark Feather turned into a stream of black light, charging towards Ye Qingyu.

He seemed to have gone berserk.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

