Chapter 1173:


Chapter 1188 - His Secret Was Exposed

As the half-black half-white phantom figure in the void grew clearer, the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan completely descended upon this world. Once he completely materialized, it would signify the appearance of a Martial Emperor.

"Die!" the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said like a grim reaper doing a roll call. He sounded very impatient as though he was trying to rush through an errand.

Two strands of hair, one black and one white, suddenly sprang up and charged toward Ye Qingyu like two thin dragons.

These strands of hair didn't seem to contain any Emperor power but only Ye Qingyu understood just how terrifying they were.

Slash!

Ye Qingyu slashed out horizontally with his [Blood Drinker Sword].

His sword light flashed and dazzling divine splendor burst from his sword as the black and white strands of hair were slashed into pieces.

However, these strands of hair did not disappear after they were broken.

Instead, they attacked with even more vigor as though they were enraged serpents and hurtled toward Ye Qingyu once more.

Ye Qingyu placed his sword over his chest and barely managed to block that blow.

Clink! Clink!

The sounds of Immortal metal clashing against each other rang out and after the two strands of hair stabbed at the sword body, they paused for a brief moment before they were sent flying.

He had successfully warded off the first blow from the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

However, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt a slight pain in his left and right shoulder joints as though needles had pierced through his skin. He was surprised and immediately knew that it was a bad omen. His back muscles instinctively tensed and became as hard as Immortal metal that blocked the strange force that was attempting to invade his body.

His back suddenly shook and two strands of broken hair, one white and one black, were forced out from his body.

Those were the same strands of hair that he had cut earlier.

After these strands of hair had been cut, their spiritual energy did not leave them and they were still lethal weapons. If they managed to enter his body, the consequences would be unimaginable. This attack was extremely mysterious.

Before Ye Qingyu could even catch his breath, the black and white strands of hair rushed toward him like black and white water that poured down from the Heavenly River.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan attacked at lightning fast speed, perhaps because he had been provoked, or he might have other reasons for doing so, but in any case, he seemed to want Ye Qingyu dead as soon as possible. He stopped trying to convince Ye Qingyu to pledge allegiance to him and attacked with a ferocity that bordered on impatience.

...

"Sir, are you not going to intervene?" General Sun Yi said, unable to rein in his anxiety any longer.

He was in the ancestral home of the Sun clan and beside him, several dozen upper echelons of the Sun clan also looked on, their worry written all over their faces.

They were all very concerned for Ye Qingyu's safety.

None of the Sun clan members went to the Azure Cloud Square to watch the match, but they were still able to see everything that was happening on the Azure Cloud Platform thanks to their ancestor's water mirror.

No one else within the Sun clan other than the sovereign of the Sun clan as well as the clan elder General Sun Yi thought highly of Ye Qingyu, especially after the public opinion turned against Ye Qingyu. They felt that their clan might have to pay a high price for their support of Ye Qingyu.

No one expected Ye Qingyu to unleash such incredible power on the Azure Cloud Platform. He had displayed a power never before seen in this world and entered a mysterious realm that only heavenly deities could attain to kill the King of Zhenyuan who possessed an Emperor weapon. It was as though a divine Emperor had descended upon the earth and displayed a strength that was almost comparable to a Martial Emperor.

After he emerged as the victor of that battle, the upper echelons of the Sun clan were unable to control their excitement and their opinions of Ye Qingyu immediately changed. If they could, they would even worship Ye Qingyu as their ancestor because through his battle result and strength, they saw a glorious and sustainable hope for their clan's future even after their ancestor passed away.

Ye Qingyu had adopted the appearance of a middle-aged man when he assumed the identity of Zhang Longcheng but for someone as highly-skilled as a Quasi-emperor in the formation martial world, a middle-aged man would be considered a youth and he still had a long lifespan ahead of him. If he was already so outstanding at this stage, this meant that there was a very high possibility of him becoming a Martial Emperor in the future.

In other words, Ye Qingyu had become a treasure in the eyes of the Sun clan even before he became a Martial Emperor and they could not afford to let him be in danger. These people would feel bad for him even if he lost a strand of his hair.

Thus, how could they stand idly by after the Sky Fox clan interfered when the battle had ended and the Azure Cloud Platform was supposed to descend and announced their intention to kill Ye Qingyu without a valid excuse?

General Sun Yi who was usually very calm and collected was no longer able to maintain his silence.

General Sun Yi would have probably given up his life in exchange for Ye Qingyu's safety —— he would do anything to bring honor upon his clan.

Everyone looked at their ancestor anxiously.

Despite how feeble and old their ancestor seemed, he was still a Martial Emperor and was still extremely powerful. They knew that their ancestor would be able to save Ye Qingyu from the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

However, the sovereign of the Sun clan gently shook his head.

There was a trace of uncertainty in his eyes, as though he was mulling over something.

...

At the Azure Cloud Square.

"Kill him, kill him, kill him..." the Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence yelled like a lunatic. He stood on his stone chair and stared at the hologram formed out of Emperor qi through bloodshot eyes, then at Zhang Longcheng's figure as though he wanted nothing more than to tear him apart.

Poison Flower Princess, the Second Prince Yuan Wenguo and the others from the King of Zhenyuan's residence reacted in a similar manner. They were either filled with intense hatred or they were completely lost and dejected.

The demise of King Zhenyuan meant that they had lost their leader.

Their psychological crutch had shattered the moment King Zhenyuan was turned into ashes. Every single one of them was aware of the fact that the Yuan clan was useless without King Zhenyuan and it was as though they could even see the soldiers of their residence falling apart in front of them. They were surrounded by their enemies and when King Zhenyuan was still alive, he could still keep those ravenous wolves at bay, but once he was dead, there was no one to stop them...

The Yuan clan was doomed to collapse.

The Crown Prince and the others couldn't think of anything else. All they wanted was for the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan to kill Ye Qingyu to avenge King Zhenyuan's death. As for the others... the Yuan clan could always pledge allegiance to the Sky Fox clan if push came to shove. They could put their ambition and pride aside to serve the interests of the Sky Fox clan for the rest of their lives.

...

At the battlefield in the firmament.

Ye Qingyu was covered in blood and he was in terrible shape.

His powerful physical body that had been cultivated to peak condition was covered in scratches that looked like knife slashes and layers of tiny blood droplets oozed out of his injuries that combined to form a large river of blood. He looked as though he had just crawled out from a bloodied river.

These were the injuries inflicted upon him by the black and white hairs from the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

These thin hairs were in fact as sharp as divine weapons and as terrifying as Emperor weapons. Moreover, each strand of hair seemed to have a mind of its own and kept charging tirelessly at Ye Qingyu. He was unable to keep up with the past of these attacks and ultimately ended up injured.

However, he continued to hold the [Blood Drinker Sword] tightly in his hand.

As his sword radiance continued to slash across the sky, countless strands of broken hair flew all around but these broken hairs soon transformed into terrifying weapons that frantically wriggled toward Ye Qingyu and clung to him like maggots feeding on a corpse.

"Goddamnit..." he couldn't help but curse.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was not a woman, so why would he be using his hair as a weapon? He was acting like a pervert.

"[Life Sword Mantra]... [Sword Tempest]!"

He unleashed his combat technique.

His sword will spread throughout the air and finally managed to send all these wriggling black and white strands of hair flying. Ye Qingyu's injuries also healed immediately and even the blood that splattered across the void swarmed back to his body.

"Sovereign of the Sky Fox clan, I swear I'm going to chop off all the hair off your head if you continue to hide your true strength," Ye Qingyu said with a loud chuckle as an incredibly powerful sword will exploded from the [Blood Drinker Sword] in his hand and a visible light mist burst forth from its sword body. Its aura made this sword will seem like it could absorb everything in this universe.

This move was almost as powerful as an attack from a true Martial Emperor.

"I regret not killing you earlier," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan finally spoke once more.

He had been forced to channel his Martial Emperor strength and reveal his true self in front of Ye Qingyu but to his surprise, he found that he was still unable to kill Ye Qingyu during this short period of time. This was a great setback for him because like the sovereign of the Sun clan, he had been an Emperor for an extremely long time and was already approaching the twilight of his life. His condition was only slightly better than the sovereign of the Sun clan, but he had also extended his lifespan by sealing his own cultivation.

The Martial Emperor was such a powerful existence that no divine artifact could extend the lifespan of a Martial Emperor. However, if he sealed his own cultivation and dropped his cultivation to fake Emperor realm, he would be able to extend his lifespan significantly. Thus, every second and minute was critical to him when he was forced to return to Martial Emperor realm.

This was why he didn't wish to waste any time and tried to kill Ye Qingyu as fast as he could the moment he appeared.

Nonetheless, he had failed to do so.

"The Sky Fox clan has always been good at capturing the mysteries of the heavens and after I became a Martial Emperor, my deduction abilities have become far more accurate. I can see destruction and extremely dense bad karma from your body and I know that the Sinner's blood flows in your veins. You are a Sinner who has entered Royal City in disguise and managed to worm your way into a military position. You're a demon who will destroy the entire camp... I must kill you," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said fervently.

As he spoke, an authentic Martial Emperor's aura completely exploded from him and his figure rapidly grew taller to stand in the heavens like a pillar, his long hair grew even longer, and an image of a bagua with Nine Opposites appeared behind him. He looked like a fiendgod standing tall in the universe who had power over every creature in the universe.

Ye Qingyu's expression finally turned grim because he sensed the aura of the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan starting to merge with the universe as though he had become one with the Great Dao of the universe.

An invincible and lofty aura started to gush out from his body and it was as though the universe was willing to send out punches and swords for him at his command.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was no longer a person, nor a living creature but instead, he was a manifestation of the will of the universe.

A Martial Emperor who bore the mandate of heaven.

This was the power of a true Martial Emperor.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had depressed his own cultivation in hopes that he could kill Ye Qingyu, but he had finally given up on that idea and ascended to become a Martial Emperor so that he could kill Ye Qingyu.

He had immediately pointed out the Sinner's blood that flowed in Ye Qingyu's body.

This was a secret that only Ye Qingyu knew about.

Did the Sky Fox clan truly have the ability to peer into heaven's secrets?

The black and white strands of hair charged swiftly toward Ye Qingyu once more and this time, the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan also entered the fray. Ye Qingyu used his sword to defend himself and countered with all his might. He slashed apart countless strands of hairs but ultimately failed to stop the force of destiny. Two strands of black and white hair wrapped themselves around him and turned into a black and white round ball as they formed a cocoon around him.

"I shall refine a Sinner's body today," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said as he exerted his divine abilities. His hair glowed as they prepared to refine Ye Qingyu's body.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1174:


Chapter 1189 - Becoming an Emperor

"Sir?" General Sun Yi asked, full of anxiety and trepidation.

Zhang Longcheng would truly be doomed if his ancestor continued to stand by and do nothing. It would be a great blow to the Sun clan if Zhang Longcheng perished since this would mean that they would lose both the man himself and their hopes for the future.

"Sir, please intervene."

"Sir, we can't wait any longer."

Several influential noblemen of the Sun clan piped up, all beside themselves with anxiety.

The sovereign of the Sun clan, a Martial Emperor on the decline who had almost thrown everything behind his support of Zhang Longcheng by disregarding everybody's opinions to give him the chance to cultivate in the Immortal Domain, hesitated uncharacteristically to the surprise of all his fellow clan members. Despite their repeated pleas, he did not seem to show any sign of intervening.

"Sir, are you hesitating because of what the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said earlier? Does Zhang Longcheng truly carry the Sinner's blood?" General Sun Yi asked curiously.

The Sky Fox clan had the ability to peer into the secrets of Heaven—this was an innate talent of their race. Legend had it that all Quasi-emperors of their race would be able to see into the future if their blood was pure enough, and after they became Emperors, they would be able to deduce even more hidden secrets. Thus, the words of the Sky Fox clan earlier carried a lot of weight and sounded convincing.

"Sir, the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan must have said those words deliberately to confuse the crowd and turn the tide of public opinion."

"That's right. He must have said those words in order to push him to the Sinners' camp, and they labeled him a Sinner so he could destroy all the efforts you have put into grooming him. We absolutely must not stand idly by..."

The upper echelon of the Sun clan were all very worried.

They knew how important Ye Qingyu's survival was to their clan.

Nonetheless, the sovereign of the Sun clan remained silent and hesitant to act despite their pleas.

Sunlight shone on this old man's figure, highlighting the wrinkles that covered his face like the cracks on an arid, parched land. He lowered his lids that were lined black and his eyes were clouded with age, so he looked like an old man who was reaching the end of his life and growing more muddle-headed as he aged.

He did not say anything.

On the Azure Cloud Platform—

A gigantic black and white cocoon resembled a strange egg as dense black and white mist gushed out from it. At first, someone could vaguely be seen struggling within the cocoon, and fist prints, palm prints, and collision marks constantly appeared on the outer layer of this cocoon. It was clear that Ye Qingyu was trying to break free and had almost succeeded on a few occasions.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan did not dare to let down his guard.

He could not understand how a younger martial artist who had yet to become an Emperor could almost overcome his [Black and White Long-Haired Formation], but he immediately reinforced the gigantic cocoon.

He reinforced the cocoon by constantly exerting his black and white, dual-colored strands of hair. As he did so, his hair continued to grow longer and continuously wrap itself around the gigantic cocoon. Soon afterward, a gigantic oval-shaped cocoon with an initial diameter of 10 meters diameter expanded to a diameter of several hundred meters, and the vibrations caused by Ye Qingyu struggling within it gradually faded away.

A strange black and white splendor pulsed within the gigantic cocoon, moving to a mysterious rhythm. This rhythm seemed like the breathing pattern of fiendgods, or the forces of life and death, yin and yang, as they appeared and destroyed each other. This caused an incredibly powerful destructive refining force to appear, and this force was used on Ye Qingyu, who was trapped within the cocoon.

Many people knew that the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had become a Martial Emperor during the refinement of the Immortal Domain and had attained this realm due to his race's innate ability to seize opportunities. He had defied all expectations to become an Emperor. This led to the rapid rise of the Sky Fox clan and they took their place as one of the major races in the Dark Realm.

However, unbeknownst to most, this opportunity had appeared when the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was stuck in a hopeless situation and had accidentally broken his bagua Yin-Yang Way. He had initially been heading left, but when he followed in the opposite direction, he found the ninth hexagram—this was the opposite hexagram. It was not a standard hexagram but he had finally managed to catch a glimpse of hope, and this became his unique Dao. Thus, his official title was the [Heavenly Fox Emperor of Nine Opposites].

Everyone assumed that his life weapon was the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites], but in reality, his black and white hair was the weapon that truly contained the power of his enlightenment on the martial way and his lifeforce. The [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] was merely an ordinary Emperor weapon and a smokescreen to confuse everyone else.

This time, he immediately unleashed the power of his supernatural hair when he attacked and trapped Ye Qingyu with his hair. The power of laws circulated around his supernatural hair as he exerted his Emperor qi. He did not merely intend to kill Ye Qingyu, he also wanted to extract Ye Qingyu's vitality and force and convert them to his own.

"I didn't expect this kid to have such abundant blood qi. His blood qi is as boundless as the ocean and howls endlessly like a matchless divine tonic. Hahaha, I've caught a good one this time. After I've refined this heretic, I'd be able to regain my peak condition and live a new life!"

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was shocked when he sensed the abundant blood qi and vitality that flowed within Ye Qingyu's body. But at the same time, he realized that this could potentially be a great opportunity for him.

This was truly a pleasant surprise.

He immediately exerted all his Emperor qi, no longer holding anything back. Each strand of his hair hummed with Dao sounds as his martial way flowed through his hairs, which were like straws that continually sucked nourishment and blood qi from Ye Qingyu's body. These strands of hair pierced into his body through the gigantic cocoon and tried to completely refine him.

Ye Qingyu's body was trapped firmly within the cocoon. It seemed like tens of thousands of vines had wrapped themselves around his body, rendering him motionless. He was at the mercy of the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan, but his hands were still wrapped tightly around his sword and he still maintained this stance as though he was preparing to slash out anytime!

"Haha, what a pity that you won't be able to slash out with your sword any longer..." the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan scoffed coldly. He could see everything that was happening within the gigantic cocoon.

The sword that Ye Qingyu held was a divine sword and the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan coveted this weapon as well. He had to admit that Ye Qingyu was a heaven-defying genius since he managed to refine his own Emperor weapon even before becoming an Emperor.
He must have been very lucky and been blessed with great fortune, but unfortunately, he met me, so everything he owns will be mine.
The more the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan thought about it, the more pleased he became.

Soon after, fifteen minutes flew by.

"Hmm? Why hasn't he been refined yet? He's still resisting me..." the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan muttered in surprise. He had already ascended to his true Martial Emperor body and exerted his divine abilities that were fused with his true life force, so why was it taking so long to refine a Quasi-emperor?

Could the sword that Ye Qingyu held be interfering with the process?

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had a sudden epiphany.

"Hmph, even if it is because of that Emperor weapon, an Emperor weapon that is held by a vermin who has yet to become an Emperor is useless. It's just going to take me a little longer to refine him!"

Then, he exerted his Emperor qi with all his might once more.

His long black and white hair shone with bright divine splendor and rays of Emperor qi mist circulated around his hairs in a frenzy. The black and white gigantic cocoon shone as brightly like a blazing sun. And this light was so dazzling that no one could look directly at it. Everyone on the Azure Cloud Square felt as though another sun had appeared in the firmament, and this divine splendor shone on everything in this world so brightly that they could not keep their eyes open.

Time ticked by—soon afterward, two hours had passed.

"I can't believe I'm wasting so much time refining him... Zhang Longcheng is truly a freak, hahaha. However, he is so valuable to me precisely because of his heaven-defying characteristics. After I've refined him, he will be the equivalent of a matchless divine tonic. Fortunately, none of the other sovereigns who are deep in hibernation have taken note of this treasure, otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to get to him so easily."

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan gradually became more patient.

He felt as though he had stumbled upon a great opportunity, so the longer the refinement process took, the more valuable this person was as a divine tonic. After he swallowed this tonic, he was sure that he could live for another lifetime and stun the entire world with his prowess.

Time continued to tick by.

The sun started to set.

He had spent an entire day on this.

Night was about to fall, but because of this shining cocoon, it was as bright as day all around the Azure Cloud Square. This phenomenon also affected the surrounding areas up to several hundred kilometers away.

It was not only the noblemen who continued to watch this battle, but also the various forces who had not paid attention to the earlier battle had rushed over to the Azure Cloud Square to stare in astonishment at the scene up in the air.

As time ticked by, more and more people gathered on the square.

Then, the night passed, and day emerged.

The next morning at daybreak—

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan finally sensed that something was wrong. He had paid an enormous price after a whole day and night of refining the man in the cocoon. Despite that the figure in the cocoon seemed to have stopped struggling and the vitality in his body was continually being compressed, for some reason, this figure reminded him of a candle in the wind, flickering but unable to be extinguished and extremely tough.

In fact, upon closer observation, he realized to his astonishment that Ye Qingyu did not seem any different compared to when he had first been trapped within the cocoon.

"What's happening?"

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan suddenly felt as though something had gone wrong.

No matter how powerful a Quasi-emperor was, even if he held an Emperor weapon in his hand, he should not be able to last so long under the force of a Martial Emperor.

If he had spent so much Emperor qi trying to refine Zhang Longcheng for an entire day and night to no avail, then where had the Emperor qi gone?

Could it have been... absorbed?

Impossible!

Absolutely impossible!

Had I been tricked?!

As soon as this idea crossed his mind, all his greed immediately vanished like a receding wave and his sense of reason returned. He suddenly sensed danger and a cold sweat dripped down his back as he tried to immediately retract his black and white hair.

However, heaven and earth trembled slightly at that moment.

Yes, it was as though heaven and earth had turned into a box and this box started to shake gently.

This was not the sign of an earthquake.

The entire world, the ground, the air, the sky, and even the Dao laws of the universe started to tremble.

This feeling was both familiar and foreign to the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

A red ray of light pierced through the black and white gigantic cocoon.

Rip!

The gigantic cocoon was torn apart as effortlessly as paper being torn. Then, it shattered and transformed into layers of broken black and white shards, which floated in the universe. The blinding black and white divine splendor instantly dimmed.

The origin of the red light came from that sword.

The sword was being held in someone's hand.

That someone was no longer Zhang Longcheng.

Zhang Longcheng's appearance had changed for some reason and his mature features and square face turned into a young and handsome face that was many times more handsome than his initial appearance. This man was extremely handsome and his features were perfectly shaped. His eyebrows were sharp and dashing—he looked like a flawless divine being.

Wisps of silver splendor could be seen gushing out from every part of his body. His skin and these wisps of silver splendor looked like a mist, but they also seemed like light rays as they surged out from his body and continually merged into the surrounding universe. In the blink of an eye, this splendor and mist seemed as though it could reach every part of the world.

Rumble! Rumble!

Thunder rolled across the sky and natural Dao resounded, boomed, jumped, and rejoiced as countless power of Dao laws echoed from the mountains and seas.

The splendor of the bright sun and clear moon periodically appeared. They were like wisps of divine light or like rows of divine flowers, as though there were invisible gods, demons, and heavenly fairies pouring wine down from the heavens in celebration.

A strange fragrance wafted through the void.

There were strange signs happening throughout the universe.

All these strange occurrences in the universe had happened because of the man who held the sword.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan suddenly started to tremble uncontrollably. He had seen and experienced these strange signs before, and back then, he had been the cause of these strange occurrences. These phenomena had occurred when he had undergone an amazing transformation at the refinement of the Immortal Domain and this had also signified his rise in this world.

All these signs had appeared when he became an Emperor.

These signs were happening once more, but this time, he was not the cause of it. Instead, the enemy he had wanted to kill was the cause of these miraculous signs.

"Impossible. This is impossible. How could this be... How could you become an Emperor under such strange circumstances... Zhang Longcheng... No, you're not Zhang Longcheng. Who exactly are you and how did you do it?"

He was an esteemed sovereign, but at the moment, he could not help but exclaim in astonishment.

His voice rumbled across the skies like rolls of thunder that reverberated so strongly that everyone on the Azure Cloud Square and the surroundings felt dizzy and momentarily lost their sense of sight and hearing, as well as their ability to think.

The three words that the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had uttered echoed through the divine sense and spirit —— become an Emperor.

That man had become an Emperor.

That had been the birth of a legend on the martial way.

The fact that a Martial Emperor had uttered those words meant that it could not be a lie.

At the same time, an unbelievably bright radiance suddenly circulated in the cloudy eyes of the sovereign of the Sun clan, who had seemed befuddled with age.

He beamed brightly.

"He has become an Emperor, he has actually done it. Haha, heaven and earth resonated and the Dao laws reverberated— these are the signs of becoming an Emperor. The heavens truly do look favorably upon an incredible talent. How did he manage to leverage this to become an Emperor? This must have been part of his plan all along!"

The old sovereign was full of amazement.

The upper echelon and noblemen of the Sun clan were absolutely dumbfounded. They were completely consumed by one emotion—elation!

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1175:


Chapter 1190 - Battle of Two Emperors

They couldn't hold back their elation.

The military judge who they had all assumed was a hopeless cause had become an Emperor against all odds. He was like a seed that the Sun clan had planted in hopes that it could grow into a tall tree but in a blink of an eye, this seed had grown to not only be a tall tree, but a tree that could support the heavens.

They couldn't understand how Zhang Longcheng had managed to become an Emperor in such a hopeless situation, but they finally understood why their ancestor had seemed so hesitant earlier. Their ancestor must have known that to Zhang Longcheng, the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan did not pose much danger but rather, he was a heaven-sent opportunity and they guessed that their ancestor must have stood by because he did not want to interfere with this opportunity.

However...

They looked at the handsome young man reflected in the Emperor mirror in confusion. Was this Zhang Longcheng's true appearance?

He seemed far too young to be a Martial Emperor.

Rumble!

Dao sounds rumbled across the Nine Heavens and thunder rolled across the skies as everything in the universe reverberated as one.

The boundless silver mist continued to gush out of Ye Qingyu's figure and became one with the universe. This was his martial way, his will, his path that was fusing with the universe. The Martial Emperor would bear the mandate of heaven and this was formed after his own aura fused together with the qi activity of the universe. Then, he would be able to unleash the power of the universe at once, as though he could control all power within the universe.

The thunderous Dao sounds continued to surge toward Ye Qingyu and entered his body.

He was invincible in this state and his body was also undergoing a tremendous change.

In his dantian world that was filled with a vast yuan qi ocean, land gradually appeared once more and fish formed in his vast yuan qi ocean while plants grew on the land within this world. The strange fragrance that filled the void of the Azure Cloud Platform and Dao thunder in the heaven as well as the mist filled with the laws of Dao surged into his body and transformed into a limitless life force that transformed his dantian world that used to be a vast ocean into one that showed signs of life.

As these signs of life within his dantian world strengthened, his power also increased.

He could feel that as his dantian world changed, his own yuan qi force increased significantly. His yuan qi that had used to resemble liquid became more viscous and resembled the blood that flowed within his veins as they circulated around his body. They were no longer limited to his meridians but they could move toward his limbs, bones, and organs at will. This force had completely fused together with his body and he could no longer differentiate between the two.

"This is what the Emperor's qi feels like!" Ye Qingyu said as he was struck with a sudden epiphany.

The Dao rumbles and vibrations of the universe gradually started to dissipate

Ye Qingyu knew that he had barely attained the true Emperor realm.

After he became an Emperor, all other living creatures would seem as tiny as ants to him and to all other martial artists, becoming an Emperor was the highest form of Dao enlightenment and this realm was like becoming an Immortal. They could never dream of reaching it, but could only worship those who managed to attain it.

He would need some time to consolidate this realm.

Ye Qingyu also sensed the transformation that had taken place in his entire body after he overcame his hopeless situation. He knew that he had ascended significantly to become an Emperor and during this process, his body had reverted to his original appearance. Thus, everyone had already glimpsed his true appearance and was probably aware that Zhang Longcheng was merely a disguise that he had adopted.

However, this was no longer important to him since he had become a true Martial Emperor.

No matter who became an Emperor, that person would assume the title of a sovereign within the camp and would no longer be subjected to the control of the camp and even the royalty, noblemen and those who held the highest positions within the camp would have to bow deferentially to him, so who would dare to chastise him?

Moreover, even if they tried to carry out an investigation, what could they do to him?

Ye Qingyu was extremely calm even though his identity had been exposed.

The heavens rumbled along with him as he stretched.

All living creatures seemed to respond to his every move.

His [Blood Drinker Sword] buzzed and vibrated. It had completely attained its own spirituality and now floated by his side.

Ye Qingyu looked at the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan who was still in a state of utter shock and smiled as he said, "I'll have to thank you for giving me all these opportunities. It is all thanks to you that I've managed to forge my own life Emperor weapon and achieved this breakthrough to break past my shackles on the martial way, so I'll never forget the favor that you've bestowed upon me."

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan looked extremely miserable and dejected.

He was no fool and could tell that Ye Qingyu had deliberately emphasized the words 'favor', so he was definitely not expressing his gratitude toward him. The enmity between them had deepened.

"How did you do it?" the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan asked after he took a deep breath to calm himself.

The last time he had been so emotional was when he had become an Emperor.

He simply couldn't understand what had happened today.

"Do you really want to know?" Ye Qingyu asked. He felt great after becoming an Emperor and thus, his expression was also a lot calmer than before.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan nodded.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "I heard that you had obtained a stroke of good luck when you entered the Immortal Domain eight thousand years ago and this was how you became an Emperor yourself. Is this true?"

"Yes," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan did not deny it.

He had been the first peerless prodigy to emerge from the refinement at the Immortal Domain as a Martial Emperor, so this was an honor and something to be proud of, and also the reason why the slots to enter into the Immortal Domain for refinement had become more and more limited.

An elusive smile danced across Ye Qingyu's lips as he said, "I had also come across an opportunity to become an Emperor at the refinement of the Immortal Domain and back then, I could have become an Emperor at any moment, but I chose not to do so. I trust you understand what I'm referring to, right?"

"What? How... how could you..." the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan exclaimed and his face was filled with astonishment once more.

He obviously understood what Ye Qingyu meant.

In fact, he was probably the only person who understood what Ye Qingyu was referring to.

Only those who became an Emperor at the refinement of the Immortal Domain would understand that by making this choice, they would leave a gap on their Emperor's road that could not be bridged. A Martial Emperor could live for more than ten thousand years, but the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was reaching the end of his lifespan after eight thousand years and had to rely on sealing and depressing his own cultivation to extend his lifespan. His lifespan had been reduced because of that unbridgeable gap on his Emperor's road.

He had already vaguely known that there might be consequences if he chose to become Emperor at the Immortal Domain, but the glory of becoming an Emperor overcame all the misgivings he had and he ultimately made the choice for his cultivation to skyrocket. As time passed, he became more regretful of his rash decision but unfortunately, it was all too late.

He couldn't believe that this young man in front of him had resisted the same temptation to become Emperor.

He was astonished by this man's wisdom, fate, spirit and tenacity but at the same time, he also understood what a grave mistake he had made. He had underestimated his opponent from the beginning and this had led to the situation right now.

"I know what kind of path you have chosen because of our similar experiences and this is also the reason why I also know where your limitations are. All these were enough for me to be certain that you wouldn't be able to kill me," Ye Qingyu said casually as though he was having a friendly chat with an old friend. "The laws of the universe contained within the broken shard of the Immortal Domain were clear and comprehensible, but those laws belonged to the previous world and they are not part of our current world. If someone used that to become Emperor, that person would also have the Emperor's authority but after that person returned to the real world, he would find that he would not be able to form a complete Emperor's road. After all, we live in the present, not the past. Therefore, I would say that you're actually a 'fake Emperor'."

"Fake Emperor?" the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan asked as his entire body shook.

A wry smile appeared on his face. That young man was right; he had seen things clearly and his thought process was extremely reasonable. Even when the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had been at his peak, he was in no way comparable to the ancient and wise Great Emperors, so the term 'fake Emperor' suited him.

However, he would never agree with Ye Qingyu's words and reveal this secret to the public, so he would never admit this.

"You lent your Emperor weapon to King Zhenyuan, but you did not truly trust him, so the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] could not unleash its fullest potential. Naturally, this meant that it would not be able to truly shatter my [Blood Drinker Sword] and I finally managed to forge my own life Emperor weapon by using your Emperor weapon to sharpen my sword. Thus, even if a fake Emperor such as yourself appeared, you would not be able to kill me. I could have already chosen to become an Emperor if I wanted to at the Immortal Domain, and even though I gave up on the chance, how much weaker could I be compared to you after I returned to the real world? Everything you've done so far has only served to help me. You had truly been penny wise but pound foolish," Ye Qingyu said, then looked disdainfully at the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was consumed with an indescribable rage and regret.

"Ha ha, young man, don't get ahead of yourself. You've now become an Emperor yourself but what has changed? You're still my junior and you're still not my match before you fully consolidate your cultivation. He he, you've already used up all your chances, so even though you're gloating over me now, how long would this last? I'm sure you're aware that there is more than one sovereign in this world, so even after you become an Emperor, you can't rule over everything in this world," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan's words carried both a warning and a threat.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "I'm a true Emperor and bear the heavenly mandate of this world. I'm thus able to control the destiny of the heavens, and what does a mere fake Emperor like you know about my divine abilities? The Sky Fox clan had tried to defy fate and prevent me from becoming an Emperor while you secretly tried to plot against me and attempted to kill me. Let's settle this debt once and for all on the Azure Cloud Platform today."

As he spoke, the [Blood Drinker Sword] buzzed in response as though it could sense his intentions and automatically jumped into Ye Qingyu's hands.

Ye Qingyu pointed his long sword and its sword tip faced the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

An incredibly powerful aura immediately circulated around.

He had only just become an Emperor, but he wanted to settle all personal debts and grudges with immediate effect.

"Humph, you're behaving exactly like a lowly citizen with Sinner's blood flowing in your veins. Are you that impatient to cause bloodshed so quickly after you've become an Emperor? Fine, I'll agree to your request and I'll make you see that you're still not my match even after you've become an Emperor," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said menacingly.

Ye Qingyu's words earlier had touched a nerve, but those words had merely been a hypothesis and the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was still extremely confident in his abilities. A new Martial Emperor would have to spend a lot of time to consolidate his newfound Emperor cultivation and Ye Qingyu was merely a newborn Martial Emperor, so he was practically courting death by challenging him to a battle. In fact, after Ye Qingyu became Emperor, he no longer had any right to take him to task in accordance with the laws of the camp but now, this insolent fellow had given this chance to battle. If this insolent punk wanted to die this badly, he had no one else to blame but himself.

If he couldn't refine this punk into a matchless divine tonic, then he would have to destroy him.

The [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] appeared behind the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan and his black and white strands of hair surged once more as he prepared to launch a powerful attack.

A battle between two Emperors was about to begin.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1176:


Chapter 1191 - Invincible (1)

It was ages since the Dark Realm had last seen a battle between two Emperors.

Martial Emperors bore the heavenly mandate and were a manifestation of heavenly will. During the ancient times when the universe was full of spiritual qi, it was the primordial era when several primitive species that were even more powerful than Martial Emperors existed. There were also legends of battles between Martial Emperors during this period. However, very few Martial Emperors existed currently. They might have perished and vanished into history, or they might have gone into hiding as they reached the end of their lifespans.

Thus, when Ye Qingyu pointed his sword at the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan, this meant that an earth-shaking Emperor battle was about to begin after countless years.

"I'll show an insolent young man like yourself what true Emperor qi looks like," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said with a chuckle. Then, nine-colored splendor appeared behind him and as his [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] slowly floated behind. It seemed to turn into a divine disc and it was a lot more powerful than it had been when King Zhenyuan had wielded it.

The nine-colored divine splendor rumbled with Dao sounds and it was now imbued with a spiritual energy that had not existed before. So much so that every color of this divine splendor seemed to contain the profound mysteries of the universe and an energy chain of Emperor qi circulated within them.

Swish! Swish! Swish!

The red, orange, and yellow rays of divine splendor shot out in unison toward Ye Qingyu.

"Those words should be coming from me. I'll let you know what true Emperor qi looks like," Ye Qingyu said as he shook his head and looked at the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan with pity in his eyes. The [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] transformed into a long-sleeved white robe, and as its sleeves swayed in the wind, the wind generated by it seemed to reach into the heavens.

The three-colored rays of divine splendor immediately vanished as though they were thin snowflakes that had come into contact with boiling water.

"Nine Opposites, attack together as one. [Translocation of the Universe].... destruction. Kill!" the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said gravely as he exerted his Emperor weapon with all his might. Then, the sky reverberated with Dao sounds and was filled with Heavenly Dao as all nine rays of divine splendor from the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] charged out as one and swept across the heavens and earth. The nine rays of divine splendor contained a mysterious and transcendent force that could change the will of heaven. And a force that seemed like it could change the appearance of the entire world burst forth from it.

This was the true power of the ninth attack from the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites].

It was a powerful force that seemed extremely wrong and was still terribly frightening.

Ye Qingyu shook his head once more. "You know that you've made a mistake but you still refuse to turn from your ways. No wonder you managed to tread on this fake Emperor path for so many years but still failed to gain any enlightenment to truly step onto the Emperor realm... [Translocation of the Universe]? This is only a childish trick meant to deceive others. Get lost," he said as he waved his sword.

Countless silver formation chains flickered within the [Blood Drinker Sword] and surged forth before they transformed into a ray of silver light that splashed out into the world.

There was no earth-shattering rumble of Dao sounds, nor was there a mighty collision force. Ripples merely spread out across the void as though a wind had breezed through a puddle of water. Then the ninth attack of the Samsara Disc that claimed to translocate the universe completely vanished.

After the wind dissipated and the clouds scattered, the morning sun slowly rose over the horizon.

The sunlight bathed the world in a warm, golden glow.

It was hard to connect this scene to the horrific images of the world breaking apart.

Only the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan knew how terrifying that attack had been. He had attacked with all his might but his opponent had turned his attack into nothingness with a gentle move. There were two possible reasons for this. The first was that his opponent's techniques and laws of Dao happened to restrain his own; while the second reason was that his opponent's cultivation had completely overshadowed his own. Even a fool could tell that their techniques did not clash with each other, so this only left the second possibility.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan could not accept this outcome.

"One should give as well as one gets... [Sword of Judgement]!"

As Ye Qingyu countered with a sword attack, he was completely bathed in silver divine radiance as the silver laws of Dao surged around him. After he slashed out with his sword, a gigantic sword will and splendor ripped through the skies, as though this was a sword sent out by a divine god. This sword seemed like it had the ability to slash the world in two while the firmament split in two as easily as butter being cut by a hot knife.

In the past, he would have needed to conserve a lot of energy in order to unleash this move from the bronze book of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], but now, he could effortlessly send out this attack at will.

"Hmm?"

Ye Qingyu was a little taken aback after he slashed out with his sword.

When he was a Quasi-emperor, he felt that he could already transform all the techniques in the world into an ordinary attack and defense mechanism and that he could integrate millions of mysteries into a single punch or palm attack. So there was no longer any need to use any combat techniques because a single punch or sword move from him would be more powerful than any combat technique.

However, a sudden epiphany popped into his mind after he sent out that sword move.

"Oh no!" The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan instinctively realized that something was terribly wrong.

Ordinary men would not be able to discern the power of that sword, but he had been able to. And at that moment, he clearly sensed a power that seemed almost godlike and knew that this energy could destroy Martial Emperors.

"[Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites]... [Defense of Nine Opposites]!" he yelled loudly as he exerted the jade disc. Then, countless formation chains burst forth from the disc. These chains frantically intertwined and expanded to form a multi-layered shield that shone with nine rays of bagua nine opposites radiance. This multi-layered shield moved in front of him to protect him.

However—

Rip!

The nine-layered shield was immediately slashed in two with a ripping sound that sounded like a cloth being ripped apart.

The sword attack did not lose any momentum at all. And as it slashed down on the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites], the jade disc broke in two with a ripping sound without any resistance, as though it was a sharp knife cutting through mud.

"Ah..." the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan shrieked in horror. He did not have any time to dodge before the sword radiance landed on him.

The next moment, this Martial Emperor's body was instantly cleaved in two.

Bam!

There was an explosion of bloody mist and the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan's figure flashed before reappearing one hundred meters away. However, he looked extremely pale as though all the blood qi in his body had been sapped dry.

He seemed noticeably fatigued, so the sword attack from Ye Qingyu earlier had obviously destroyed a significant amount of his blood, qi, and yuan essence. Although he had managed to reconstruct his body, he had sustained serious injuries.

"You couldn't even handle one blow," Ye Qingyu said scornfully.

He was still luxuriating in the power of his sword attack earlier. After he became an Emperor and exerted the combat techniques recorded in the bronze book of the [Fiendgod Titled Chart], he was surprised to find that its prowess had increased significantly. Under the influence of his Emperor qi, these combat techniques immediately became extraordinary and were now as powerful as the techniques of Immortals. The prowess of his [Sword of Judgement] earlier had greatly exceeded his expectations.

Could the techniques recorded in the
bronze book
of the
[Fiendgod Titled Chart]
be rare
Martial Emperor
techniques?

Could these techniques only unleash their true potential when exerted by someone with
Emperor qi
?

This idea crossed his mind.

However, he would have time to mull over this issue at a later time.

He first had to attend to the pressing matters at hand.

"Requite resentment with justice; requite kindness with kindness," Ye Qingyu said as he stared at the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan before continuing, "Your Highness, it's time for you to die."

He revealed his killing intent.

When he saw the resolute expression on Ye Qingyu's face, the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan knew that Ye Qingyu was not joking. He was both horrified and enraged at the thought that Ye Qingyu truly meant to crush him because no one had dared to treat him with such contempt since he had become an Emperor. He scoffed icily and said, "I shouldn't have expected anything else from a vile spawn with Sinner's blood flowing through your veins. You're immediately trying to create great bloodshed the moment you've become Emperor, so once you've consolidated your cultivation, won't you go completely overboard?"

He did not speak very loudly but his voice echoed across the sky with a strange rhythm.

Ye Qingyu scoffed disdainfully. He knew that the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was trying to rouse the other sleeping sovereigns and gain their support, so clearly, the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan feared him after experiencing the prowess of his initial attack.

Nonetheless, Ye Qingyu was not too bothered.

"It's time for you to die," he said coldly. Then, the [Blood Drinker Sword] vibrated as he exerted the [Sword of Judgement] technique once again. This was the second time he used this technique after becoming Emperor, and the sword prowess was even mightier and more abundant than his first attack. A gigantic silver sword of light that was several thousand meters long descended from the heavens and honed in on the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan. There was no way for him to dodge this attack, so he was forced to face it head-on.

"You..." This was the first time that the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had sensed danger since he had become an Emperor himself.

His black and white strands of hair intertwined and extended outward rapidly like black and white dragons. Then, they transformed into a black and white heavenly saber. This was also a saber of light that was several thousand meters tall and it was his attempt at countering Ye Qingyu's sword attack.

Rumble!

Dao sounds rumbled in the sky as the power of laws splattered everywhere.

The black and white light saber shattered immediately and exploded into shards that released a destructive energy across the sky.

The next moment, the gigantic silver sword caused ripples across the void as it absorbed all the remnant destructive force from the sovereign of Sky Fox clan's saber attack. At the same time, the silver sword bore down on the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan's head, then there was a dazzling flash of light as it absorbed his figure.

"Sir..."

"No!"

The experts from the Sky Fox clan yelled in horror and they were completely struck with terror and fright as they watched on.

They could not accept the fact that their peerless ancestor, who had the power to vanquish everything in this world, had been repeatedly injured by this young punk, who they had been certain would be crushed like an ant by their ancestor. Thus, when they saw that their ancestor, who was also their spiritual anchor, seemed like he was on the verge of being defeated, they felt as though this sword had also caused their entire world to collapse.

The radiance from the sword splendor dissipated.

Everything had completely vanished and nothing could be seen.

There was no sign of the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

The clan elder of the Sky Fox clan was filled with anger and grief as he looked at Ye Qingyu with bitter hatred. All sense of reason left him as he yelled, "Charge! We have to kill him to avenge our ancestor..." Then, he transformed into a ray of flowing light that hurtled toward Ye Qingyu. As for the remaining dozens of higher-ups from the Sky Fox clan, some were fearful and hesitant, but there were also others who charged toward Ye Qingyu in a moment of madness.

Ye Qingyu flicked his sleeve.

Swish!

Several rays of crystalline snowflakes shot out from his sleeve, and these snowflakes moved at a moderate pace, but his opponents simply could not avoid these snowflakes. After the snowflakes pierced through their bodies, these experts of the Sky Fox clan immediately turned into snowmen that then broke apart into crystalline snowflakes and scattered across the sky. As the sun shone down on these snowflakes, the reflection of the sunlight made them look like they were made of Immortal metal, so it was a beautiful sight to behold.

Five or six Quasi-emperors of the Sky Fox clan, including the clan elder, had been killed instantly.

This was the power of a Martial Emperor.

Yet, Ye Qingyu did not think much of the feat he had just accomplished.

His eyes were filled with purple light as he exerted the [Eyes of the Void] technique and scanned the void. The moment he exerted this technique, he saw that there was a small fox that had a tail as white as snow running for its life in the void several thousand meters away. This fox had concealed its movements, but the purple eye beam immediately revealed its location.

It was none other than the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan.

He had tried to slink away, but the [Eyes of the Void] had revealed his location, so there was nowhere for him to hide.

He was obviously frightened and Ye Qingyu's attack had forced him to revert to his original appearance, so this was extremely catastrophic for him. He was absolutely certain that he would not be able to beat Ye Qingyu and knew that he might lose his life if he continued to battle on.

"Do you think you can escape?" Ye Qingyu muttered as he twisted space and sent the fleeing sovereign of the Sky Fox clan back toward him.

"Don't you dare go too far," the giant white fox howled. The fox fur that covered his body immediately raised upward and was as sharp as divine needles, an instinctual reaction of a trapped beast.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and said, "Do you remember telling me about the cause and effect theory at the east city gate? Unlike you, I will not use my powers to twist things in my favor, but you will have to bear the consequences for the deeds you've done. You forced me to battle you earlier at the Azure Cloud Platform and King Zhenyuan was merely a knife you tried to use to kill me. You even lent your own life weapon to King Zhenyuan in order to kill me and even stationed the strongest experts of the Sky Fox clan around the Azure Cloud Platform to lay in wait and ambush me. You then decided to personally attack me... If I had not become Emperor and if the situation were reversed, would you have spared me?"

"Haha, spare you? Pfft! If the situation were reversed, I would have killed you and made sure that you were reduced to dust," the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan said ruthlessly. His sharp teeth flickered with savage white light and a bestial cruel qi exploded from his body.

"Then, I have nothing else to say. Die," Ye Qingyu said as he drew closer to the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan and his sword power bore down upon the sovereign like a mountain.

"Haha, let's die together. I'll turn the Azure Cloud Platform as well as the entire Royal City into relics of the past. Haha, then you'll also be known as the Sinner of the Dark Realm." The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan became extremely feral and completely unleashed his ferocious and destructive power. He recklessly attacked, throwing all caution to the wind, and intended to destroy not only Ye Qingyu, but also the entire Royal City and all the living creatures who lived in the city.

He had descended into madness.

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly. He knew that the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan had been driven insane because his foundations were not stable after becoming an Emperor by chance at the Immortal Domain, and over the years, the inability to consolidate his cultivation had eaten away at him. He had completely descended into madness after Ye Qingyu shattered his heart for the martial way, and his madness was even more destructive than ordinary martial artists who had descended to the dark path.

"Defend!" Ye Qingyu said.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] appeared and floated in the void.

After the changes it had undergone at the refinement of the Immortal Domain, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] looked like a piece of jade that had been skillfully carved from a rock. Its dull luster had vanished and it was now a golden giant cauldron that glowed with dazzling divine radiance. Its divine glow radiated brightly and the light markings on its body were extremely clear. The pictures on its body seemed extremely realistic and a light halo surged around it. It seemed like a completely new cauldron, so most people would not have been able to connect this radiant cauldron to the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

The moment the bronze cauldron appeared, it immediately unleashed a matchless power and formed an Emperor qifield that enveloped the void around the Azure Cloud Platform and the surrounding area that extended to a radius of several thousand meters. It sealed the entire area like an Emperor formation, so the destructive force that the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan unleashed could not touch nor cause any damage to the Azure Cloud Platform or Royal City.

"You..." the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan cried out in despair. He had not expected Ye Qingyu to possess such a supreme treasure.

He could tell that this bronze cauldron was a supreme treasure and would be considered a supreme treasure even amongst Emperor weapons, for it was so terrifying.

How could Ye Qingyu possess two Emperor weapons?

"Accept your fate," Ye Qingyu said emotionlessly as he slashed out with his sword.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan yelled as he tried to counter with an attack of his own.

However, there was a vast difference in their prowess.

The sword radiance from Ye Qingyu's [Blood Drinker Sword] ultimately landed on the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan's neck.

The sovereign of the Sky Fox clan was about to be killed, when suddenly, a cold and authoritative voice rang out in the void. "As a new Emperor, don't you think you're being too cold-hearted? Why must you kill him?" This voice was imbued with Emperor qi and belonged to another Martial Emperor.

At the same time, four or five mysterious and abundant energy waves loomed in the Guardians' Royal City.

These four or five energy waves belonged to Martial Emperors.

It was as though a huge wave had appeared without warning on the calm surface of Royal City. And an incredibly frightening aura immediately rippled through the city as an unknown number of sovereigns who had been hibernating for tens of thousands of years had awakened from their slumber. They all had their own agenda for interfering in this battle when the victor had already been determined.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

