Chapter 1153:


Chapter 1168, Luckily, you're called Little Ten

The large-scale transfer of the Zhenyuan army was simply difficult to hide from anybody.

More importantly, King Zhenyuan, from the moment of withdrawal, also did not want to conceal anything. A number of battleships like a flock of crows blotted out the sky. Across the void, even hundreds of kilometers away, it still could be seen clearly.

It was clearly the result that no one expected.

Because before this, the stance that King Zhenyuan showed was as though he would not return to the capital without extinguishing the entire Fire Province. One day ago, the Zhenyuan army was most likely still in full preparation for the attack. Therefore, after receiving the order to withdraw, it was said that many senior generals in the army were stunned and had to repeatedly confirm with others before they withdrew the troops.

The news broke out, shaking all parties.

Whatever the truth was, the withdrawal of troops, in the eyes of the outside world, meant that the camp's crackdown on the rebel bandits had failed, and indicated that the Fire Province's bandit Xiaofei had successfully defeated the camp's army. Thereby, setting an unbelievable example that had not happened in thousands of years.

Because before this, no matter which province, after a rebellion had happened, all were easily extinguished by the camp's army like a small flame. The authority of the camp was absolute. They stood high and mighty and would not waver in the slightest.

But the battle of the Fire Province had exposed something.

For a moment, there were all sorts of spirited discussion.

And the legendary stories regarding the chief bandit Xiaofei of the Fire Province began to spread frantically.

It was already a miracle that the chief bandit who many aristocrats thought would certainly be dead had repelled the Zhenyuan army.

But few people knew that Li Xiaofei, who was situated in the center of the Fire Province, after hearing the news of the withdrawal of the Zhenyuan army, was not happy but instead very disappointed.

“The pockets have been opened, Yuan Wenjun had already stepped one foot in, and as long as his other foot also steps in, we can eat a mouthful of big fat. Unfortunately, he had fled. Could he have sensed something?”

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] looked incredibly disappointed at the formation sand table in the main hall.

If the Zhenyuan army was successfully wiped out, for the Fire Province, it would no doubt be enough to deter the entire Dark Realm, as well as make the other aristocrats that were considering to attack the Fire Province weigh up whether their teeth were hard enough. It would also greatly boost the military weapons, equipment, military capital and various supplies of the newly formed Raging Flame army of the Fire Province.

Unfortunately, just as victory was before his eyes, King Zhenyuan Yuan Wenjun had unexpectedly withdrawn his troops and returned to the capital.

It was a real pity.

“Woof, I feel that there is a traitor among us.” A white puppy leapt onto the edge of the sand table, grunting, “Woof wants to eat, those little snacks had unexpectedly ran off... someone must have tipped them off.”

The little dog's cute eyes spun around and around as he looked at the others in the hall.

No matter who it was, when the gaze of the little cute pet swept across them, they immediately felt a chill running down their spine. In particular, the aristocrats of the Fire Province that were forced to surrender, were shivering all over.

Especially when they heard the words ‘those little snack’. In his eyes the main battle department of the Guardian camp, the Zhenyuan army, was nothing more than a bunch of snacks.

Yes, they were all food, all delicious food.

But they were not surprised at all, nor did they feel he was too arrogant.

Because they deeply understood that the dog called Little Nine appeared to be a harmless little white dog on the surface, but was in fact, the most terrifying demon in the entire Fire Province. So far, there had already been three Quasi-emperors that were eaten alive by this cute-looking dog, and digested into faeces.

It was no exaggeration to say that the dog's ferocity had reached the point of number one in the Fire Province. Even Li Xiaofei, who ruled the Raging Flames army of the Fire Province, was not as ruthless as this dog.

What was even more unbelievable was that, according to the dog's arrogant words, he seemed to have a master known as the Killing God. He was a real terrifying existence, and even at the mention of his master the dog revealed a look of anticipation and also fear.

So before that, whenever Li Xiaofei, who now ruled the Fire Province, couldn't control the dog, he just needed to say, ‘if you're disobedient I will go back and tell your master,’ for the dog to be much more obedient than before.

“Well, don't scare them, these are talents, I have a use for them.”

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] cast a glance at the little white dog.

In truth, he was still a little afraid the little dog would swallow all the masters, experts and strategists in the main hall——This was definitely something that he absolutely could do.

Speaking of which, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] also did not expect to see Ye Qingyu’s silly dog again in the Dark Realm. Adding to this, his strength had unexpectedly improved so much, able to swallow even Quasi-emperor realm experts.

The events of his encounter with Little Nine was also full of drama.

One year ago, just as he arrived at the Fire Province, he inadvertently passed by an area ruled by the dark beasts. It was there that he saw this little white dog, and discovered that he had unexpectedly turned to banditry. The dog claimed to be a heavenly dog Quasi-emperor, recruited a group of emperor-level dark beasts as little brothers, and had set up a mountain stronghold and territory.

Later, Li Xiaofei took action in the Fire Province, killed many government officials, and Little Nine and his younger brothers also came to help. Under his leadership, the group of emperor-level dark beasts was unexpectedly very disciplined, like an army, and had contributed greatly in the process of occupying the Fire Province.

Later, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] asked how Little Nine managed to do this.

“The method is very simple, haha, all disobedient beasts will be eaten by woof...” he proudly told him the answer.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was speechless.

Little Nine was undoubtedly a weirdo.

The problem was that, so far, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] couldn’t see what the dog’s real lineage was——He could not be a native dog, and must be a species with the blood of some primitive eternal life or the blood of a divine beast flowing in his body.

The main hall was extremely quiet.

Suddenly, someone from the outside came to report back.

“Lord, there is an envoy of a foreign province here,” a guard informed loudly.

An envoy from a foreign state?

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was taken aback for a moment.

The Fire Province was now a rebellion province in the Dark Realm, and other provinces avoided them like the plague, fearing of being linked with the Fire Province. How would there be an envoy of a foreign province here?

He waved his hand.

The civil and military officials in the main hall all walked out in a line.

Only the little white dog remained behind.

Of course, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] would not send him away, and ordered the guard to bring the envoy of the foreign province in.

A tall figure in a black cloak came in, followed by a surging ocean-like dark force, deep and immeasurable like the eye of the sea. The whole hall was instantly filled with great pressure, that ordinary people simply could not feel. Only a Quasi-emperor-level expert could sense this terrifying aura.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] cast a sidelong glance at him.

Little Nine twitched his nose, and was no longer as nonchalant as before. His body was slightly arched, and the corners of his mouth pulled back, revealing his sharp fangs.

This so-called envoy was definitely a terrifying expert.

“Envoy of the Luoshen Ridge of the Earth Province pays respect to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].” The burly figure bowed his head, seemingly very respectful.

“You are too polite.” [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] asked frankly, “Luoshen Ridge? I have heard about it before... speak, who sent you here?” It was understandable that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] asked this question, since the present Fire Province can be said to be an enemy of the entire world, and the Luoshen Ridge was no exception. It was indeed strange for an envoy to be sent here. Could it be that there were some little aristocrats in the Earth Province hoping to take advantage of the Fire Province to achieve some sort of purpose?”

The burly figure slightly bowed his head. “I am called Little Ten, after Lord takes a look at this document, you will understand who sent me down here.”

As he spoke, he gave a respectful cupped fist salute and handed over a leaf.

It was a bright red leaf.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] received the leaf, slightly surprised to find that it was not something that can grow in the Dark Realm. It was somewhat familiar, but for a moment he could not recognize what it was.

“Woof, fire leaf?” Little Nine was the first to react. He very excitedly jumped up, catching the leaf with his paw, exclaiming, “This is a fire leaf, which only grows on the fire tree in the Underground Fire Sword Pit of the Light City in the Snow capital... Woof, who are you?”

The silly dog stared fiercely at the dark, burly figure.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]'s eyes lit up. “Your name is Little Ten? The ten of seven, eight, nine, ten?”

“Correct,” the figure answered respectfully.

“Haha, well, I think I know who you are. I did not expect him to come to the Dark Realm... Well, it makes sense though.” There was an undisguisable smiling expression within [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] eyes.

“Could it be master?” Silly dog wagged his tail with joy.

He was not really silly, and understood right away.

If this dark figure was really sent by Ye Qingyu, then he was completely trustworthy. One fire leaf was enough to explain everything.

“Why didn't he come himself?” the silly dog asked impatiently, jumping up and down, and wagging his tail.

“Master has another important matter to deal with and cannot leave at the moment.” In the eyes of the Whitte-boned Earth Dragon, everything that Ye Qingyu did was important matters. “Master is now in the Guardian Royal City. He ordered me to convey a message and bring something.”

As he spoke, he took out a sealed ring from the storage space and presented it to [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] opened the ring, which contained a letter written by Ye Qingyu. It was sealed by a formation that only the two of them knew. After uncovering the seal, the letter gave a detailed account of everything that had happened in Luoshen Ridge, including the existence of the cosmic light brain [The Beginning], as well as some of the secrets of the Earth Province civilization.

“To think there would be such a matter.”

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] couldn’t help sighing after he read it.

In particular, he was greatly shaken by the power of the weapons of the Earth Province's civilization.

Now the Luoshen Ridge has become an unknown dragon abyss, with terrifying equipment. If everything was true, it definitely was not in the slightest weaker than the present Fire Province. Adding to this, the outside world did not know anything about it. It seems that this [Ice Sword Killing God] had unconsciously caused a big problem again.

In the letter, Ye Qingyu proposed that the Fire Province and the Luoshen Ridge could support each other. Many of the suggestions were made after countless analysis and calculations, and were absolutely feasible. In particular, the proposals regarding the infrastructure of the Fire Province and government decree were absolutely superior and advanced.

For [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], this was definitely considered as delivering fuel in snowy weather.

His strength, talent and wisdom, of course, were unparalleled. If he were to rule the Fire Province for a long period of time, he naturally would be able to straighten out everything; however, the ruling of a large nation was similar to cooking a small delicacy. The present situation was different, he was not given an adequate amount of time to do these things. If he were to immerse in this kind of administrative government affairs, it would be difficult for the Fire Province to last in the long run. Now, as Ye Qingyu had mentioned, the establishment of electricity generating plants within the Fire Province, and then networking that will be controlled by [The Beginning], was definitely the most efficient and absolutely effective plan.

Then, [Qusai-Emperor Xiaofei], whose hands would be free, would have more energy and time to do more high-minded types of things.

Soon, Little Nine also figured out the causes and consequences of the matter.

But his focus was completely different from that of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei].

“Woof, did you just say you’re called Little Ten?” He stared at the dark burly figure.

“Correct.” Little Ten bowed respectfully.

For some reason, being stared at by the dog, there was a bone-chilling feeling, as if the shadow of death would come at any moment. He realized that the dog's strength had increased greatly than before.

Little Nine looked at him for a good while, before he said triumphantly, “Fortunately, your name is Little Ten, which means your seniority is lower than I. If you were called Little Two or Little Three or even Little Eight, Woof must swallow you today and then go reason with that heartless master. He knows that woof is in the Fire Province but he didn't come to find woof. Humph!”

……

Three days later.

The atmosphere was incredibly tensed in the Guardian Royal City.

Because there was already a message that the army of King Zhenyuan was only ten thousand kilometers away from the Royal City.

Thinking of the recent events, who wouldn’t know that King Zhenyuan was returning with monstrous killing intent. Once the Zhenyuan army returns and King Zhenyuan enters the city, he will certainly go retaliate against the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng right away. At that time, an earth-shaking battle would certainly break out.

And the news that King Zhenyuan terminated the subjugation of the Fire Province because of personal matters had also set off stormy wave-like discussion in Royal City. The great aristocratic forces all had different views. Therefore, King Zhenyuan most likely will need to give an explanation to the aristocrats of Royal City.

In short, a terrible storm was coming——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1154:


Chapter 1169, How dare he come?

Ever since Ye Qingyu had killed Yu Wanlou in the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, he did not idle around in the next ten days. During this period of time he had continuously killed many nobles in the residence that had violated the iron laws of the camp. The last one he executed was a Marquis of the Demon Wolf clan.

The whole Royal City was in utter chaos.

No one had ever been able to make the nobles of Royal City feel danger like this. Under the order, the hierarchy and power division that had formed over countless years, the Guardian Royal City was almost like stagnant water, in that there were rarely such stormy waves.

And now, this pool of stagnant water seemed to have grown a fearless but terrifying toad. All the nobles of the city were deeply afraid that this toad would suddenly leap over to bite at them——Even if the toad fails to bite them, it was already very unlucky to be stained with toad mucus.

However, gradually, some people also figured out something.

The dozens of aristocrats that the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng had executed in such a short period of time were almost all related to King Zhenyuan's faction. Even the guards at the beginning, as well as the Bloodbone Marquis father and son were also forces under King Zhenyuan.

It was clear that this [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] wanted to fight to the death with King Zhenyuan.

The news of King Zhenyuan's return allowed many of the aristocrats of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence to finally be able to breath a long sigh of relief. It was like the arrival of rain after a long period of drought. All couldn’t wait to come out of the city to welcome him.

“Haha, father is finally back. That country bumpkin's death day has finally arrived.” The Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence leaned back and laughed, as though he could already see the scene of Ye Qingyu being suppressed, tortured, humiliated and killed. He had waited too long for this day.

“Pass on the order to immediately prepare to go outside Royal City to welcome older brother.” The Second Prince, Yuan Wenguo, also exclaimed in joy. A series of orders was passed down to notify all the people in the residence to get ready.

The welcome formation this time must be made a little more grand, to let the whole Royal City see what the real power of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence is. The Yuan clan of tens of thousands of years is definitely not what a country bumpkin can ride on. Today will be the day that the King of Zhenyuan’s residence regains its glory.

“I must request father to not kill this country bumpkin too easily. He must be tormented with the most terrifying means for one hundred years before he is killed,” the Poison Flower Princess hissed between gritted teeth.

She was only released from the military the day before, and had already suffered such an insult.

After a moment, everything was ready.

The grand scale of vehicles and horses of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence attracted the attention of countless people.

“The day has come for the rise of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.”

“Yes, the backbone is back.”

“King Zhenyuan is a supreme expert close to the realm of Martial Emperor. Now that he is back, that [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] really is unlucky. Why must he provoke someone that he cannot afford to anger.”

“He's going to end up miserable.”

“It is said that the aristocrats in the city have secretly made bets on how many days that [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longhceng could live now that King Zhenyuan is back... the most bets was on less than one day, hahaha!”

The striking sight of everyone of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence moving in the direction of the East City Gate created spirited discussion in the Royal City, and almost no one was optimistic about Ye Qingyu’s situation. After all, the power and prestige that King Zhenyuan, Yuan Wenjun, had accumulated over the years were too deep rooted.

Not only the people of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, many aristocrats in the city also dared not to show disrespect, and came to the East City Gate to welcome King Zhengyuan.

A number of airships rose high into the air.

Pairs of dragon beasts rumbled past.

The entire Royal City seemed to be celebrating a festival; it was bustling with noise and excitement.

But only those who knew the situation would understand that such a buzz contained a suffocating murderous intent. There was most likely going to be a great battle breaking out today.

In a twinkling, it was already late in the morning.

At the east gate wall of Royal City, there was already a sea of people, and at least tens of thousands of aristocrats of the city were already standing on the wall waiting. The scene was grand and magnificent. In the middle of the crowd, surrounded by all of the people, were the young arrogant Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence and the Poison Flower Princess. The Second Prince Yuan Wenguo was also standing on one side with a look of undisguisable joy on his face.

All of the people of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence were grinning.

“Thank you all for coming to greet father today.” With an arrogant face, the Crown Prince expressed his thanks to the crowd, but his demeanour clearly did not show much gratitude.

“Haha, your highness is too polite, this is what we should do.”

“The King is finally back, we have been waiting for his return. Royal City is now in chaos because of that country bumpkin. The King can finally sweep away the haze.”

“Hey, everybody, do you think that country bumpkin dares to show up here too?”

“How is that possible?”

“Haha, right, that country bumpkin must be shivering in fear right now, wishing to find a place to committ suicide, hahaha!”

“Not good!”

“Ah? What's wrong?”

“If the country bumpkin escapes from the city, and hides in the mountains like a coward, then it will be very troublesome to find him...”

“Hey, don't worry, I've sent someone to keep an eye on this country bumpkin in advance, he can't escape.”

The nobles were all laughing and joking.

The Crown Prince, on the other hand, nodded with satisfaction.

Finally, this flattery, being crowded around, and complemented had once again returned to him. This was the taste of power. It really was intoxicating and difficult to free oneself from.

After a short moment, a huge black airship appeared on the far horizon.

The alignment of the fleet was orderly, uniform, and slow-moving, and gave people the feeling of a group of sharks cruising in the ocean. The dozens of scout battleships in front were comparatively small, which were then followed by the main battleships, each over one thousand meters long. These main battleships were surrounded by a giant black ship of more than five thousand meters long. It was the flagship of the commander of the Zhenyuan army, Yuan Wenjun.

There were more than one thousand airships of the Zhenyuan army.

In the blink of an eye, the whole eastern sky was covered by this black battleship, and the grandeur and valour that were unique to an iron army shrouded each battleship. From afar, under the sun, such a fleet was like blazing black flames, giving an indescribable shock and visual impact.

“Here!” someone yelled out.

The people of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence all cheered.

The fleet approached.

According to the laws of Royal City, the Zhenyuan army cannot really completely enter the city. The main fleet parked about a kilometer away, where they had their own station outside the city, while King Zhenyuan's flagship and dozens of guard ships directly broke through and came to the East City Gate.

On the flagship, clad in a black-golden armour, was a burly and tall middle-aged man with sword-like brows, beard and a square angular face. Although he did not show the slightest anger there was a natural power being projected, as well as a noble and imposing manner that ordinary people could not achieve. He was King Zhenyuan, Yuan Wenjun.

“Welcome, father!”

The Crown Prince was the first to kneel down to greet him.

“Welcome, King.”

All of the aristocrats at the city gate knelt down with a respectful look, extremely cautious as they loudly cheered.

The splendor of the occasion surpassed anything seen before.

King Zhenyuan rose from the seat at the bow of the ship, his face devoid of expression.

The flagship approached the station.

A ladder was set down.

“Get up, all of you.”

A majestic voice sounded, containing noble and unquestionable power. King Zhenyuan slowly got up from the large seat, and a gush of vast qi suddenly surged out, demonstrating the imposing manner of a supreme martial artist.

The nobles around trembled all over.

Just as King Zhenyuan was about to step down the ladder, at this moment, his face took an abrupt change, seemingly sensing something. He stopped where he was, then twisted his head toward the sea of clouds in the distance.

“Father, you’re finally back...”

The Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence was unable to contain his joy. Just as he got up to say something, he saw the solemn look on his father's face as he turned to the distance, and paid no attention to him and the others. Finding it strange, he followed the direction of his father's gaze, and all of a sudden responded with a gasp of astonishment.

In the distance, the waves of clouds were blowing gently.

A white cloud airship, like a tiny boat in the sea, was slowly moving in this direction.

On the white cloud ship was a tall white figure standing alone. His long sleeves fluttering, the straps of his robe flapping about in the wind, and his black hair flowing like a waterfall. Under the golden sun, he looked as though he was clad in a golden armour, radiating a confident and elegant aura.

One man and one ship.

Although he came alone, the clamour at the east gate of the Royal City fell strangely silent.

“It’s him?”

It was after a good while before an aristocrat exclaimed in disbelief.

The other aristocrats, as well as the masters of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, and the guards, also recognized the identity of this figure that had come alone. No one thought that, this person would dare to come here so leisurely.

[Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng!

The culprit who swept away the face and glory of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

How dare he appear in this way, to face the enraged King Zhenyuan?

Does he want to die?

Some people did not believe in what they had saw, and even rubbed their eyes repeatedly, thinking that they had seen an illusion. How can someone be this reckless?

After a brief shock, the Crown Prince, Second Prince and the Poison Flower Princess fell into a rage.

This country bumpkin, how dare he come here?

Very good, you won’t take the road to heaven, but are break into hell where there isn’t a door. Since you dare to appear on this occasion, you are just asking for death. If the country bumpkin is killed at this opportunity, then the King of Zhenyuan’s residence can regain its glory.

“Father, this is the country bumpkin, he is the one who broke in...” The Crown Prince almost roared in fury.

At the bow of the ship.

King Zhenyuan waved his hand.

The Crown Prince dared not to say anything more.

Under the watchful eye of countless people, King Zhenyuan did not act as imagined, but was staring at Ye Qingyu with a very strange gaze, seeming assessing and observing something——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1155:


Chapter 1170, Only one move

The exchange of eye contact, like a real substance, seemed to be shooting out clusters of sparks in the void.

King Zhenyuan made no disguise of his killing intent.

Even if the others did not say anything, he could guess that the middle-aged man that came alone was the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng who had caused turmoil in the Royal City during this period of time.

For King Zhenyuan, the appearance of Zhang Longcheng was a good thing. At least it gave him a reason to withdraw his troops from the Fire Province and not have to risk his army being completely wiped out. However, Zhang Longcheng should not have insulted the dignity of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence. Therefore, he must die.

On the small airship, Ye Qingyu was standing quietly.

He quietly looked at King Zhenyuan, and did not pay respect nor showed any intention to open his mouth to speak. He remained silent. It was as if the burly middle-aged man on the opposite ship was not a peerless expert but just a passerby.

But this silence, in the eyes of most people, was more like a provocation.

At the city gate, many aristocrats felt the tension that permeated the air, which was almost suffocating.

Kill him.

The Crown Prince's eyes were blazing with anger.

He didn't expect the country bumpkin to show up at this time.

After a while.

“Are you Zhang Longcheng?” King Zhenyuan was the first to speak, breaking this suffocating silence. After a period of observation, he had come to the conclusion that this person was indeed an outstanding person among the Quasi-emperors. It was no wonder that he could stir up a storm in Royal City.

“[Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng pays respect to King Zhengyuan,” Ye Qinyu said indifferently.

He said ‘pays respect’, but he did not seem respectful at all, nor did he kneel down and bow.

“Ridiculous!”

“At the sight of the King, why don't you kneel down and bow!”

The several experts behind King Zhenyuan were all furious.

These experts, who were all under the direct command of King Zhenyuan, were all arrogant and unyielding people with extremely high status. In Royal City they were all considered as fierce and ruthless characters. Before returning to the city, they had vaguely learned of the news in Royal City, and had long wanted to immediately crush to death the madman who humiliated the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

Ye Qingyu gave a faint smile, but paid no attention to these generals.

King Zhenyuan spoke again, “When I heard that there was a storm in Royal City, I thought that a divine dragon was being born. I wondered what powerful character the camp has given birth to. However I am very disappointed. It is just a little snake that has grown a horn, yet dares to stir up a storm in Royal City?”

Some people burst into laughter.

Ye Qingyu's expression remained unchanged. “I also heard that King Zhenyuan has divine powers and is a formidable person in Royal City. Unfortunately, although he indeed has some power and influence, he only knows to show off his military strength and bluff. The King of Zhenyuan’s residence has become a place to conceal corruption and shelter evil people. I am also very disappointed.”

As these words came out, everybody at the east main gate fell silent.

Everyone gasped in astonishment.

What a Zhang Longcheng.

What a [Military Judge of the Nine Swords].

Back when King Zhenyuan was not in the city, he was arrogant and conceited, and even broke into the King of Zhenyuan’s residence with the excuse to capture Yu Wanlou. But today, in the presence of King Zhenyuan, he still dared to say such words? Does he not know how to write the word ‘afraid’?

“Hahahaha,” King Zhenyuan laughed. “It’s just a madman, I won't argue with you, who wants to kill this madman with me?”

“Subordinate is willing to kill this little snake for Your Highness.” A slender figure in a silver dragon armour came forward from behind King Zhenyuan.

A commotion broke out at the city gate.

Because the silver dragon-armoured figure was slender and tall, handsome and fair, and his long silver hair hung down his back like a waterfall, and although the aura he exuded may not seem strong, he was in fact one of the four pillars of the Zhenyuan army, [Moon Swallower]. He was said to be a descendant of the Dragon clan and had reached the Quasi-emperor realm long ago. Not only was he well-known in the Zhenyuan army, in the entire Dark Realm, he was ranked in the top one hundred generals.

The subjugation of the Fire Province was an important assignment, thus King Zhenyuan had almost brought the entire Zhenyuan army with him, including the four battle pillars [Moon Swallower], [Wave Suppressor], [Sun Shooter] and [Fractured Land]. This was the reason why the King of Zhenyuan’s residence lacked top experts when facing the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng.

When one of the four pillars [Moon Swallower] requested to battle on his own initiative, the Crown Prince, Second Prince Yuan Wenguo and the Poison Flower Princess were all beaming with joy.

“Good.” King Zhenyuan nodded with a smile. “Sooner begun, sooner done. End the battle quickly, do not let such a small thing waste my time.”

“Yes.”

[Moon Swallower] wore a confident smile on his handsome face.

He turned around and crossed the void, approaching Ye Qingyu step by step with tremendous battle intent and imposing manner.

In mid-air, the air current was in disarray.

It was as though there was a sacred silver dragon sticking out its head from the void in an attempt to swallow Ye Qingyu and his airship.

……

“What?”

Nie Tiankong slammed his hand on the table in disbelief.

“Zhang Longcheng went to the east gate?”

He looked at Linghu Buxiu who anxiously came to report back, and all of a sudden there was both a mentally and physically exhausted feeling coming, like an old father who could not control his bratty child.

He couldn’t understand Zhang Longcheng's behaviour.

What was this about? Does he want to die?

Originally, he was already prepared to secretly send Zhang Longcheng to leave Royal City until King Zhenyuan's anger has subsided, and then with some compromise and exchange of benefits, this matter can be resolved. At that time, Zhang Longcheng can also return to Royal City.

But now, Zhang Longcheng had gone to stroke the tiger's whiskers. Does he really want to die?

“Commander Nie Tiankong, Brother Zhang Longcheng most likely has already confronted King Zhenyuan now, what should we do?” Linghu Buxiu, who has ties of friendship with Zhang Longcheng, was quite concerned.

“Why didn't you stop him?” Nie Tiankong complained.

“Subordinate went over right away when I got the news, but it was already too late,” Linghu Buxiu explained regretfully.

Nie Tiankong did not speak again, but lowered his head deep in thought.

If Zhang Longcheng really went to the east main gate, then given the way that King Zhenyuan handles things, there will certainly be a fierce battle. Now that things have developed to this stage it was already irreversible. All of the preparation beforehand was wasted, and it was no longer possible to resolve this matter peacefully. If he were to go there at this time, even if the Nie clan were to completely break off relations with the Yuan clan of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, there was still no room to turn the situation around.

But was it worth it like this?

He asked himself.

Go?

Or don't go?

The decision was hard to make.

There was a good chance that the fate of the Nie clan will change with his decision.

……

……

Ye Qingyu indifferently watched [Moon Swallower] as he neared, shook his head, and said, “You can't, you better retreat... Today, I came to the east main gate just to see the graceful bearing of the Zhenyuan army, the camp's strongest battle division. I don’t want to attack, don't force me.”

“Force you? who do you think you are?”

[Moon Swallower] leaned his head back and burst into laughter, his handsome face filled with disdain.

When he made a name for himself, the name Zhang Longcheng did not even exist in the world.

Luoshen Ridge was just a remote and desolate place. The people from this sort of place might have a bit of skill, but were still ignorant and foolishly conceited. He understood this type of people too well, because he had seen too many of such people. By defeating them with the strongest and most domineering means was enough to make them collapse completely.

“Die, use your blood to wash away your sins.”

[Moon Swallower] did not say anything more and directly made a move.

The roar of the divine dragon of the Ninth Heaven reverberated across the sky.

One of the four battle pillars of the Zhenyuan army had made a move. Heaven and earth changed colour and the Dao laws were surging. It was like the resounding roar at the beginning of Heaven and earth. All of the aristocrats and experts at the east main gate felt that vast and unquestionable magnificent power.

“Yes, [Moon Swallower’s] strength has improved once again.”

King Zhenyuan’s eyes flickered with a glimmer of admiration.

Next to him, [Shooting Sun], [Wave Suppressor], and [Fractured Land], the three other pillars, all wore a calm smile on their faces.

……

……

“Commander Nie Tiankong, please quickly make a decision.” Linghu Buxiu couldn't help but urge, “I fear Zhang Longcheng cannot support for too long.”

Nie Tiankong was pacing back and forth with a solemn expression.

He was not an indecisive man, but this matter involved the fate of his family. Adding to this, the incident happened so abruptly, that he felt Zhang Longcheng had forced him to a corner. Even if he did not want to face it, he still had to make a decision.

What he was certain was that the Nie clan was not prepared to break off relations with the Yuan clan. After all, the time was too short, it had been only a few years since the Nie clan began to flourish. Nie Tiankong had only been in the chief military division for a short period of time, and was still a distance away from a real imperial family. In another fifty years, then perhaps...

Now was it worth it to completely break off relations with the King of Zhenyuan’s residence in advance just because of a Zhang Longcheng?

Even if this Zhang Longcheng may have a possibility of becoming Emperor.

Was it worth it?

“Commander Nie iankong, the arrow that left the bow never returns, some of your previous actions have already angered the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.” Linghu Buxui couldn’t help but add, “Once King Zhenyuan goes berserk, he is not much different to Zhang Longcheng.”

Nie Tiankong suddenly stopped pacing back and forth.

……

……

There was a deathly silence at the east main gate.

The aristocrats were no longer able to say how many times they had been shocked in this short period of time, but it was clear that this time, it was definitely the most shocking of them all——to the extent that they had collectively lost their verbal ability.

Because, on that little airship, Ye Qingyu was still standing there quietly and leisurely.

And one of the four pillars of the Zhenyuan army [Moon Swallower] had already spewed out blood and retreated. His arm had been severed off, and he was riddled with wounds, like he has been stabbed by tens of thousands of swords. He was propelled back thousands of meters and had lost the power to fight. His face was twisted with shocked disbelief, like he had seen a ghost.

“How could it be, you...” He could not describe the horror of that moment, like the shadow of death was shrouding him.

He was defeated in just one move.

How could he not withstand a single blow?

Who was this Zhang Longcheng? ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1156:


Ye Qingyu indifferently watched [Moon Swallower] as he neared, shook his head, and said, “You can't, you better retreat... Today, I came to the east main gate just to see the graceful bearing of the Zhenyuan army, the camp's strongest battle division. I don’t want to attack, don't force me.”

“Force you? who do you think you are?”

[Moon Swallower] leaned his head back and burst into laughter, his handsome face filled with disdain.

When he made a name for himself, the name Zhang Longcheng did not even exist in the world.

Luoshen Ridge was just a remote and desolate place. The people from this sort of place might have a bit of skill, but were still ignorant and foolishly conceited. He understood this type of people too well, because he had seen too many of such people. By defeating them with the strongest and most domineering means was enough to make them collapse completely.

“Die, use your blood to wash away your sins.”

[Moon Swallower] did not say anything more and directly made a move.

The roar of the divine dragon of the Ninth Heaven reverberated across the sky.

One of the four battle pillars of the Zhenyuan army had made a move. Heaven and earth changed colour and the Dao laws were surging. It was like the resounding roar at the beginning of Heaven and earth. All of the aristocrats and experts at the east main gate felt that vast and unquestionable magnificent power.

“Yes, [Moon Swallower’s] strength has improved once again.”

King Zhenyuan’s eyes flickered with a glimmer of admiration.

Next to him, [Shooting Sun], [Wave Suppressor], and [Fractured Land], the three other pillars, all wore a calm smile on their faces.

……

……

“Commander Nie Tiankong, please quickly make a decision.” Linghu Buxiu couldn't help but urge, “I fear Zhang Longcheng cannot support for too long.”

Nie Tiankong was pacing back and forth with a solemn expression.

He was not an indecisive man, but this matter involved the fate of his family. Adding to this, the incident happened so abruptly, that he felt Zhang Longcheng had forced him to a corner. Even if he did not want to face it, he still had to make a decision.

What he was certain was that the Nie clan was not prepared to break off relations with the Yuan clan. After all, the time was too short, it had been only a few years since the Nie clan began to flourish. Nie Tiankong had only been in the chief military division for a short period of time, and was still a distance away from a real imperial family. In another fifty years, then perhaps...

Now was it worth it to completely break off relations with the King of Zhenyuan’s residence in advance just because of a Zhang Longcheng?

Even if this Zhang Longcheng may have a possibility of becoming Emperor.

Was it worth it?

“Commander Nie iankong, the arrow that left the bow never returns, some of your previous actions have already angered the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.” Linghu Buxui couldn’t help but add, “Once King Zhenyuan goes berserk, he is not much different to Zhang Longcheng.”

Nie Tiankong suddenly stopped pacing back and forth.

……

……

There was a deathly silence at the east main gate.

The aristocrats were no longer able to say how many times they had been shocked in this short period of time, but it was clear that this time, it was definitely the most shocking of them all——to the extent that they had collectively lost their verbal ability.

Because, on that little airship, Ye Qingyu was still standing there quietly and leisurely.

And one of the four pillars of the Zhenyuan army [Moon Swallower] had already spewed out blood and retreated. His arm had been severed off, and he was riddled with wounds, like he has been stabbed by tens of thousands of swords. He was propelled back thousands of meters and had lost the power to fight. His face was twisted with shocked disbelief, like he had seen a ghost.

“How could it be, you...” He could not describe the horror of that moment, like the shadow of death was shrouding him.

He was defeated in just one move.

How could he not withstand a single blow?

Who was this Zhang Longcheng? ——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

