Chapter 221:


Chapter 222 - SIx days of time

Pang!

There was a display of fire and silver sparks.

A resplendent blossoming silver flower appeared on the center of Ye Qingyu's palm.

This was the strange apparition of the [Supreme Ice flame].

"How is it… so strong?"

Ye Qingyu's heart was utterly stunned.

Even when he had previously fully activated the [Supreme Ice flame], it would at the most form a globe of silver light in his palm or perhaps it would form a paper thin light screen in front of him. But the [Supreme Ice flame] right now, after it had immersed with that white ball of light, instantly expanded explosively. The concentration surged several times over. When he activated it, it was as if there was a gigantic firework exploding on top his palm, displaying lights that blinded himself.

The next instant, another change occurred.

Ye Qingyu was able to sense, an extremely powerful energy growing within his limbs.

It seemed to be the purest form of yuan qi energy. Like a mountain's landslide, it appeared without any warning and was even greater than the energy he had absorbed from the Origin crystal several days ago.

"This is… an utterly powerful energy… why is it… within my body?"

Ye Qingyu was somewhat stunned.

"It seems to be… an energy coming from the [Supreme Ice flame]? What is happening?"

Ye Qingyu quickly discerned some of the reasons behind this.

But he no longer had the time to give thought to these matters.

Because this vast energy had already completely surged throughout his body. Ye Qingyu felt the meridians in his body were like the bed of a river. In an instant, it had been completely drowned by river water greater than it could contain. There was wave after wave of sensations of tearing and swollenness. From his body, there were faint and light sounds of his body breaking apart.

Ye Qingyu felt that he was about to explode from the sudden influx of energy.

The power of this energy had already far exceeded the limits of what his body could withstand.

Thankfully, to erase that strange white-coloured power, Ye Qingyu had already activated the [Supreme Ice flame] at a very taxing level and he had already used the energy of the blood of the [Yuan Qi Giant] to constantly replenish the yuan qi in his body. The limits his body could withstand had already expanded to a very high level. He was able to bear this great increase in energy.

Therefore, Ye Qingyu did not explode from this powerful surge of power straight away.

His thoughts like lightning, Ye Qingyu quickly thought of a method to solve his predicament.

Right now, what he needed to do was to forget about everything else. He had to direct and absorb this energy.

And the best method to solve this surge of energy was unquestionably to direct it to the desert world in his dantian, excavating new yuan qi Spirit Springs.

This was the same as last time when he used the Origin crystal to raise his own strength.

Using the nameless breathing technique, he placed the [Supreme Ice flame] within the skies of his dantian world. Ye Qingyu directed this surge of energy that had suddenly come into his dantian world through all the meridians throughout his body. Like the rivers returning to the sea, he attempted to excavate the eye of the Spring.

For Ye Qingyu, this was a perfect opportunity.

It was not worse in any way than once again absorbing the energy of a large piece of Origin crystal.

He closed his eyes, sitting in a meditative position on the prayer mat. There were two rays of white yuan qi, that when he breathed, would enter and constrict into his nose and mouth like a silver dragon. A powerful energy fluctuation encircled his entire body, as well as the twenty-five yuan qi dragons. Snowflakes and ice crystals danced like spirits, forming a silver cold light barrier that protected him within.

For top level experts, when they cultivated, they did not need to set up any protective formations. Because the yuan qi in their body would form a self-defense that rejected external forces.

Ye Qingyu was taking step after step towards becoming a top level expert.

Through the directions of his nameless breathing technique, this surge of pure and strong yuan qi slowly became more and more obedient.

In the desert dantian world, there were yuan qi Springs that surged into the skies one after another like dragons. There was a thick concentration of yuan qi in the skies and the gigantic yuan qi vortex constantly rotated, as if it was the signs a hurricane would descend. In an instant, there were gale-like winds and a torrent of rain, a storm madly descending. It passed by this desert world devoid of life. There was yuan qi held within the raindrops, that slowly changed this death-like world.

Ye Qingyu entered into a state where he forgot himself.

……

In that entire day, Ye Qingyu did not leave that quiet room.

In the morning, Mother Wu had prepared breakfast, but she only brought it outside of the quiet room. She did not knock and disturb Ye Qingyu.

When Mother Wu went back during the midday, the breakfast she had left at the door was completely cold.

And when she came during the evening, both meals were completely untouched. The cold aura emitting from the quiet room had caused it to freeze solid.

The quiet room at the fourth floor of the White Horse tower was protected by defensive formations. For the cold qi to seep out to such an extent, one could discern that Ye Qingyu's cultivation was about to break through and reach the next level.

The next morning, Bai Yuanxing also followed hesitantly along with Mother Wu to the room.

He stood at the door and stared for a while, somewhat hesitant. Then he directed that no one was to disturb Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu had not yet come out by the afternoon of the second day.

Bai Yuanxing and Jin Ling'er came to the door yet again, but they did not see the appearance of Ye Qingyu. However, they still did not knock, worried that they might disturb Ye Qingyu's cultivation at a crucial moment, and ruin his efforts.

But the problem was that Ye Qingyu had never remained in isolated training for such a long period of time. Adding to this, he had kill and targeted various people of the sects in these days. It could not help but cause Bai Yuanxing to be slightly worried that those battles had caused Ye Qingyu to be injured. But after thinking carefully of the reaction of Ye Qingyu in those days, he did not seem like he was injured.

Bai Yuanxing was somewhat flustered.

This type of isolated training continued until the fourth day.

Outside the quiet room on the fourth floor was already completely covered by a thick layer of ice. One could sense a terrifying chill on the stairs to the fourth floor, as if it could completely freeze one into pieces in an instant.

At this time, Bai Yuanxing and Mother Wu and the others no longer dared to ascend to the fourth floor.

Bai Yuanxing had even gone to the Vanguard to search for Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan.

After the two had heard of this, they both came rushing over and were also shocked when they arrived at the White Horse tower. After a period of observation, their worries were laid to rest and they told Bai Yuanxing and the others not to fret. Ye Qingyu's condition was very normal for someone about to break through.

But this entire process continued on for six days.

On the evening of the sixth day.

"Kacha!"

The doors to the quiet room slowly opened.

Ye Qingyu finally stopped training.

He pushed opened the door of the quiet room, walking out.

There was a bizarre energy fluctuation, as if something slumbering had awakened.

The fourth floor of the White Horse tower was originally covered in a thick layer of ice. But the instant Ye Qingyu walked out of the room, the chill disappeared. The silver snow and ice was like it was alive, moving, and finally gathering by Ye Qingyu's side and completely disappeared. It was as if it was absorbed by Ye Qingyu's body.

Thirty yuan qi silver dragons encircled around him that slowly disappeared from the outline of his body.

Ye Qingyu sensed this powerful surging feeling in his body. An involuntary smile appeared on his face.

"I really did not imagine that there would be such a degree of energy contained within that droplet of blood. This really is benefiting from a disaster. After that surge of white light was immersed into the [Supreme Ice flame], it not only caused the [Supreme Ice flame] to become more resplendent, but it was also like an Origin crystal. It allowed my yuan qi to explosively grow, opening five Spirit springs in one go!"

Ye Qingyu still could hardly believe what had occurred.

That strange white power was originally incomparably evil and gruesome. It contained an aura that made one despair and suffocate. But after it was completely refined, it was the purest energy if the world, holding benefits that were indescribable for a cultivator. Its effect, even far surpassed an Origin crystal.

This time in his isolated training, he was able to increase his cultivation by five Spirit Springs.

This really was travelling far and wide to look for something, only to find it easily.

Right now, it could be said that he had completely absorbed the energy within that globe of white light.

From the twenty-fifth Spirit spring stage, he had leapt into the thirtieth Spirit Spring stage.

This type of extreme cultivation had far exceeded Ye Qingyu's most positive estimate.

He extended his palm out, looking at the droplet of blood that was still like a birthmark on his palm.

After the strange white power had been erased, the originally tri-coloured drop of blood turned into black and red. It seemed to be as dazzling as a pearl, hidden within Ye Qingyu's skin. Shining faintly with light, it looked somewhat strange.

"Within the strange drop of blood, one of the three energies has already been erased and absorbed by me. If the other two kinds of energies are like that strange white power, then this is far too incredible. As long as I gradually absorb these two types of energy, it perhaps could help my strength to have an exponential growth."

Ye Qingyu grinned widely.

This drop of blood that came from the body of the [War God of Youyan Pass], Lu Zhaoge, was really like a priceless treasure. It was even better than an Origin crystal, comparable to the divine pills in legends.

In six days of time, he had reached the thirtieth Spirit springs stage.

With the rise in Ye Qingyu's strength, he had even more confidence towards the meeting of the sects happening in twenty days.

Previously in the quiet room, the repayment of the ancient Bronze book had already begun and finished.

Ye Qingyu had browsed over the new contents. But it was largely information relating to [Titled Strange Objects], and not cultivation techniques or other treasures. Instead, it was a part of a manual used to create weapons and tools called the [Heaven's Creation]. The large majority of this manual was describing how to smelt and create Spirit weapons.

But for the Ye Qingyu right now, it did not pose much use.

This ancient Bronze book, [Fiendgod Titled Chart] was like an encyclopedia of the martial world that could do everything. The contents of it seemed to have inherited the wealth and power of the mysterious eras gone by. More and more, Ye Qingyu discovered just how precious and rare it was. But the problem was, there were far too great a wealth of information contained within. Every time Ye Qingyu's strength broke through to a new stage, there would be new pages that would appear, but the contents would be random. Not everything that appeared was useful to the Ye Qingyu as of this current moment.

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu arrived at the rear courtyard of the White Horse tower.

Jin Ling'er who was training his body was right now laughing, letting out an excited scream as he saw Ye Qingyu. And the two children nearby imitating his training, also copied him, screaming in excitement…

The two children were the son and daughter of Mother Wu.

In the previous days, when Mother Wu had relocated her dwelling to the White Horse tower, these two child had already become familiar with this place. they had also gotten to know Ye Qingyu.

"Master, you… you've finally came out."

Bai Yuanxing rushed over as soon as he heard the news, overjoyed.

Mother Wu had a smile on her face. After inquiring about Marquis Ye, she donned her apron and joyfully rushed towards the kitchen to prepare food.

Bai Yuanxing stayed behind, reporting all the matters that had undergone in the city in these days.

"What? Wait a moment, you mean to say, I was in isolated training for six days?" After Ye Qingyu discovered how much time had passed, even he himself was shocked. He originally thought that only one day had passed. He did not imagine six days would have gone by without him noticing.

Bai Yuanxing quickly replied, "That's right Master, six days have already passed."

Ye Qingyu was somewhat dumbfounded. He instantly realized, in these six days of time, there could have been many matters that had happened in the city.

He had suppressed the people of the Jianghu with force for only one day. His intended effect had not yet truly been achieved. In his original plan, the death of [Five Poisons Gongzi] was only a start. But he had disappeared for an entire six days. It was most likely that those frightened and trembling Jianghu people were once again causing trouble yet again.

"In these days, the city is somewhat calmer." Bai Yuanxing dutifully recited all that had occurred. "After [Five Poisons Gongzi] was killed by you, the Jianghu people became slightly more obedient, apart from a small minority of experts… oh that’s right, the Spirit herbs and medicines you ordered from the Hundred Herb Hall have already arrived. Shopkeeper Sui sent someone to deliver them to us in its entirety.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 222:


Chapter 223 - Meeting again “Oh. That's quite punctual." Ye Qingyu's eyebrows rose, nodding his head.

All the ingredients had been gathered; now he could finally begin attempting to refine the pill.

According to the pill formula Li Shizen gave him, the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was an extremely special pill. Its only use was to increase the yuan qi within a martial expert, replenishing their yuan qi. Its effect was similar to an Origin crystal. But compared to the Origin crystal, an item naturally born from this world, it had slightly worse effects. However, it was more easily obtained compared to the Origin crystal.

After his first attempt at the Hundred Herb Hall, Ye Qingyu knew that the ingredients to create the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] were easily procured. And compared to the value of this [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], the price of these ingredients were not expensive at all.

Bai Yuanxing brought the ingredients from the Hundred Herb Hall over. It was enough to fill two large boxes that were sealed very well. This was a seal specially used by the Hundred Herb Hall, and on the silver wood material there were formations inscribed. It could help further maintain the medicinal properties of these herbs and preserve them.

Once the box was opened, there was a fragrance of herbs that leaked out.

Ye Qingyu inspected carefully for a while. After confirming that there was not any difference to the spirit herbs on the pill formula, he resealed the boxes. He told Bai Yuanxing to bring these two large boxes to the quiet room of the fourth floor.

Mother Wu very quickly carried a hearty and large dinner to Ye Qingyu.

As the tempting smell of food attacked his nose, Ye Qingyu's appetite could not help but be aroused. He came over to enjoy the food.

With his current cultivation, he would not be affected too greatly even if he did not eat for an entire month. But eating was a practice deeply ingrained in a human's soul. Even top level, extreme level experts would not abstain from eating for a long time; they would also partake in mortal food. This was even more so for Ye Qingyu who possessed a glutton for his battle pet.

The intricate dishes and bowls completely filled the table.

Mother's Wu prowess in cooking also grew rapidly. It could nearly be compared to the growth of Ye Qingyu's cultivation.

Jin Ling'er and the other two children stood looking at the delicious food on the table, their eyes opened wide and saliva dripping.

"You two little things, quickly shoo. Don't stay here and make me embarrassed. Have you finished your chores?" Mother Wu quickly gave a signal to her own children, telling them to depart quickly, fearing these children would cause Ye Qingyu to feel annoyed.

As for Jin Ling'er, he was an officially recruited person of the White Horse tower. She naturally did not dare order him about.

The two little children were somewhat hurt, but they knew what to do. They turned and prepared to leave.

Ye Qingyu smiled slightly.

He could see through Mother Wu's intention.

"Don't go, come and eat together.” Ye Qingyu pointed at the seats next to the table with a smile. "A person eating alone cannot enjoy themselves. Only when eating together can food become delicious. Don’t make me seem like a lonely person. Little Ying, Little Qi, come sit over there. Also Ling'er…"

Mother Wu's two children, the boy was called Li Ying, eight years old while the girl was called Li Qi, six years old.

"How can this do…" Mother Wu was shocked.

Ye Qingyu replied with a smile, "Of course this can do. I only made Little Ying and Little Qi accompany me to have dinner, could it be that Mother Wu doesn't want to part with her children?" "No, I…" Mother Wu rushed to explain, then gave a glare to her own children. "This is really something too good for you two little brats, quickly go over![1] [2] " "Hehe…" The two little children jumped over excitedly.

Mother Wu brought out extra bowls and chopsticks, placing them on the table. On the surface, she had a dark face while she was looking at her children, but inwardly she was overjoyed[3] .

Ye Qingyu right now had a significant status and fame within Youyan Pass. Just through the number of people wanting to see him but in the end were sent running away by her broomstick, one could see how important Ye Qingyu was.

Those who had power and status in Youyan Pass, would never ever even give a direct glance to commoners like her. But who was it that had the right to eat together with Marquis Ye? It was them, and not those people who racked their brains to book seats in large restaurants in Youyan Pass awaiting Marquis Ye's arrival.

Hehe, but right now, her children are [4] able to sit in the White Horse tower next to Marquis Ye.

If this was spread out, then those so called important people, would die of envy.

"Little Ying and Little Qi are still helping out at the store[5] ?" Ye Qingyu casually asked.

"Yes, thankfully they're able to earn a little something so that I and their father can live at ease a little more. Thanks to Marquis Ye's care, our family conditions are much better. My mother-in-law’s body is still not that good…" Mother Wu quickly replied, chattering away, her face holding a disguised excitement[6] as she was able to speak so casually to Ye Qingyu.

For a little housewife like her without much worldly experience, her life had completely turned over in this half a year. She was already utterly satisfied.

She even did not have too many expectations for her daughter. She only hoped to save enough money and marry her off proudly and find a wife for his son. Her life would be perfect if she managed to obtain some property.

Ye Qingyu looked at Jin Ling'er, then looked at Li Qi and Li Ying, a thought occurring to him, "How about this. From now on Little Ying and Little Qi don't need to do those assorted tasks, they can't learn anything from it. Why don't you allow them to learn martial arts along with Ling'er, at least they can act as companions for Ling'er. Practicing martial arts is originally a boring and dull process. Their ages are similar, they can help and assist each other.

As these words were said, Mother Wu was frozen.

Kacha!

The bowl in her hand fell to the floor, shattering.

The clear crisp noise caused her to recover her senses.

The next instant, Mother Wu fell to the floor bowing her head repeatedly. "Thank you for your benevolence, thank you for your benevolence… you two little brats, what are you doing there frozen. Quickly bow down, do you not understand just what sort of favour this is? I will never forget Marquis' great debt for the rest of my life…"

As she said this, she was so moved she began crying.

She would never even have imagined in her dreams that Marquis Ye would allow her commoner children to learn martial arts.

In Youyan Pass, although there was not much etiquette and nobility systems, but for children coming out of a family like hers, wanting to learn martial arts was an excessive expectation. They could train in the simplest of moves, but this was not the true yuan qi martial way. For them to really begin learning, there must be a teacher who could instruct and direct them. There were military schools in Youyan Pass, but for a family like them, the fees were far too expensive. It was not even something they dared to consider.

Mother Wu was after all a housewife. But even she knew just how powerful the Marquis Ye was today.

That day when she went to buy ingredients as well as learning to cook, she heard many scholars that discussed Marquis Ye's actions loudly and animatedly in the restaurant. From the mouths of these scholars, she realized that Marquis Ye was an absolute expert only inferior to the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge. For such a legendary figure to offer to teach her children?

Mother Wu was so overjoyed she was about to faint.

She knew, that the fates of her children had completely changed at this moment.

Therefore, when Ye Qingyu had finished her words, she did not even pretend to reject or decline. She knelt down and expressed her thanks in the first instant. For her children, she was willing to endure any suffering, even if she incited the dislike of Marquis Ye. She was also willing to pay that price.

"Thank you, Marquis." "Thank you, uncle Ye."

The two little children knelt next to her mother and said rapidly.

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry, quickly assisting the three of them up. Then he turned around and specially instructed the Little Li Qi who was six years old, "Remember, call me brother Ye, don't call me uncle…"[7] [8] ……

That night, Ye Qingyu did not leave.

After finishing his dinner, he stayed in the quiet room on the fourth floor. He began to make his preparations for refining the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]

Ye Qingyu himself did not possess any systematic knowledge of refining pills. All he knew came from the [Pill Mantra], therefore he did not dare take too many risks. That entire night, he did not really begin refining the pill but instead carefully checked over his memories and studied the [Pill Mantra]. He split the ingredients of the pill into fifty equal portions and sorted and arranged it neatly according to the medicinal properties, the age and colour. He did this to confirm there would not be any problems that would appear.

This took him an entire eight hours.

By the time he walked out of the quiet room, it was already the dawn of the seventh day.

Ye Qingyu walked out of the White Horse tower, stretching his waist. He decided to have a walk around the city.

The atmosphere on the streets was slightly more tense and strict than previously. There were armoured patrols of soldiers walking about and some often seen street stands had disappeared. There were still many Jianghu people of the sects carrying swords at their waist walking about. However, they seemed more withdrawn, no longer as arrogant as they once were.

And as for the capturing demon operation, it was still madly continuing on.

There would often be discoveries of the Demon Race, then they would be arrested to the [Beheading Demon Platforms] to be executed. Their heads were hung in steel cages.

Ye Qingyu felt that it was strange, that after the painstaking cultivation of the [Youyan army], how could there be so many Demon Race that had smuggled into the city? This demon capturing operation had continued on for one or two months and there was most likely near ten thousand Demon Races that had been captured and killed. Even if the [Southern Incline Legion] had organized a significant number of spies, but they should have long been exterminated. However, there were constant discoveries, just what was happening?

Could it be that Youyan Pass had long turned into a nest of the Demon Race?

This matter was peculiar.

On the way, Ye Qingyu saw with his own eyes, tens of heated crowds, screaming that they would kill and slaughter all the demons. They swept the streets like a roiling river, their mad expressions causing one to shiver in fear.

"This demon extermination operation, seemed to have already left its intended aim."

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

As he walked casually on the streets and alleys, Ye Qingyu could clearly feel that a bizarre change was currently occurring and brewing in Youyan Pass.

This change was not that good.

Without knowing when, Ye Qingyu lifted his head and saw a liquor house that was familiar to him. The characters inscripted on the wood was particularly eye catching – [Common Liquor House]. It was namely the liquor house that he had encountered Song Xiaojun a few days before.

It was nearly reaching noon.

It was not that busy in the liquor house, with not even half the seats occupied.

"For me to have returned back here…"

Ye Qingyu did not think that he would subconsciously end back here.

He pushed open the wooden door of the liquor house, entering. His gaze casually swept across, and rapidly focused on a familiar person near the window. It was a young girl wearing a crimson red dress and wearing a golden patterned mask. She sat quietly there. [9]

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 223:


Chapter 224(1) - Bad drink! The female proprietor with a figure like a water bucket was the first one to see Ye Qingyu enter.

The instant she saw Ye Qingyu, the gaze of the female owner was like a tiger that had been starved for tens of days finally seeing a high class pork tenderloin. There was a shine to her gaze and she was nearly so excited she leapt up.

She was about to shout something, but Ye Qingyu lightly shook his head at her with a smile

The female proprietor smartly closed her mouth, ordering the server to prepare good alcohol for Ye Qingyu— of course, the best alcohol in the store, was only Sorghum alcohol in a slender jar. Even in slightly higher class liquor houses and restaurants, there would be no one who would drink such a beverage.

Ever since Ye Qingyu had slaughtered the bunch of Xuan sect people here, the business for the [Common Liquor House] shot up. It was nearly completely occupied for several days, causing the female owner to smile even in her sleep.

But good things did not last long. After Ye Qingyu did not appear for the next few days, there were some Jianghu guests who came one after another to this place, investigating something. What followed after was an armed escort company opposite was found out to have relations to the Demon Race. The old head of the armed escort company and his entire family was captured, as well as many of the guards.

Since the armed escort company had closed down, there were no guards who came here to drink and eat. Naturally, revenue had dropped significantly.

A couple of days before, there were even some people who were arrested while they were drinking here. It caused the explosive business of the [Common Liquor House] to abruptly nose dive.

Adding to this was the fact that Youyan Pass was somewhat chaotic in these days. It was not only the [Common Liquor House], but there were many restaurants and liquor houses that had also been affected. There were stores on the streets that were in complete depression. It was said that for some stores, business was so bad that the owners had shut it down.

Therefore, although it was noon and business should be at its highest peak, there were not many guests in the liquor house at all.

Seeing Ye Qingyu's reappearance, it was as if the female owner has seen a life-saving herb.

Ye Qingyu's gaze swept across the store, discovering that there was no other familiar people.

Song Xiaojun sat on the seat next to the window, her white jade-like fingers lightly supporting her chin. It was unknown what she was thinking, her gaze somewhat blank. Her little toy bear was on the table, and the little girl Xiaoxian had disappeared somewhere unknown.

Ye Qingyu took a deep breath, trying to act as calm and collected as possible.

He walked lightly over, standing next to the table. Pointing at the empty seat opposite Song Xiaojun, with the sincerest of expressions, he smiled, "Please, can I sit there?"

Song Xiaojun's thoughts were interrupted. She subconsciously frowned, lifting her head to see who it was. In her beautiful pupils, there was a trace of perplexity, her full lips opening and closing, but she ultimately said nothing.

Since she had not declined, this should mean she had accepted.

Ye Qingyu knew, with the personality of Song Xiaojun today, this kind of attitude was already hard to come by.

He lightly sat opposite her.

But the moment he sat down, he saw there was a silver flash next to the little toy bear. Investigating closely, he was abruptly stunned.

It was Little Silver.

For the little silver dragon to be here.

"Yiya Yiya… nice drink, good alcohol…" this fellow mumbled something, his words not clear at all.

A faint smell of alcohol could be found on the breath of this fellow. Half of his body was bathed in the porcelain alcohol bowl, his beautiful and intricately perfect body waving about in the strong alcohol. Closing his eyes as if he was in sweet sleep, there would occasionally be light snoring noises emitted. His dainty dragon's tassels would casually move, seeming to be in a sincerely drunken state.

He was drunk?

Why was the little silver dragon drunk here? Why was he bathing in the bowl of alcohol?

Heavens, what was this little bastard doing here?

Ye Qingyu covered his face, restraining the impulse to grab the little silver dragon from the bowl and throw him into the gutters.

There was constantly a faint chill emitting from the body of the little silver dragon that nearly completely froze the alcohol. Instantly the little loli Song Xiaojun would place her white fingertips and lightly tap it on the bowl, a faint power of flames releasing. The alcohol that was about the be frozen would melt. Evidently, the little silver dragon was very used to this change, he was still currently sweetly sleeping.

At this instant, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized, that he was far too lenient on his battle pets.

This dragon and dog had been left idle in Youyan Pass for far too long, doing too many ridiculous matters.

Oh… that's right, where was that glutton like dog?

Ye Qingyu subconsciously looked at his surroundings.

This little silver dragon and that dumb little dog Little Nine had always been partners in crime. Why was it today that he had seen the silver dragon but not Little Nine?

Just where had that glutton gone to fill his belly this time!

Ye Qingyu was somewhat afraid of that stupid dog.

"You're called Ye Qingyu?" At this time, the Song Xiaojun who did not speak, suddenly opened her mouth. Her gaze was calm, still with a coldness that did not allow anyone to get close. There was no other information that could be discerned from her beautiful and dainty face.

Ye Qingyu quickly nodded his head.

She remembered his name?

That was a good sign.

At least this represented he was not just a passerby in the heart of the little loli.

But very quickly, Song Xiaojun returned to the state of not speaking.

After she said these words, she looked to the window outside. Her aura was calm like a jade beauty, evidently not having any plans to have any further conversation with Ye Qingyu.

There was a light wind coming from outside the window.

A faint fragrance entered into Ye Qingyu's nostrils.

This was the body fragrance of a girl.

The Song Xiaojun whose memory had been devoured by the bloodline of darkness, had been gifted with a powerful strength. It changed her life. But on the body of the little loli, there were still far too many signs of her past life. Such as this faint fragrance, he had once smelled it when she was the little loli that followed happily behind Ye Qingyu like a little tail.

Ye Qingyu's gaze carefully swept over the face of the little loli.

Perhaps it was a mistaken impression, but that instant, he could clearly see, deep within the pure pupils of Song Xiaojun, there was a slight ill at ease feeling that swept by.

Even though she had a frightening power and a cold, ice-like personality, but she was still a girl.

Ye Qingyu smiled. For a topic of conversation, he decided to sacrifice his battle bet. Using two fingers to pick up the little silver dragon in the bowl of alcohol, he said, "I raised this little fellow… it seems like he has drank a lot of alcohol.” "En." Song Xiaojun nodded her head slightly.

She had already sat there for half the day dumbly in this little liquor house.

In reality, these days she would always spend some time to sit in this somewhat chaotic little liquor house. She did not like the atmosphere here, but even she did not know why she would always come here. It was as if it was an instinct of her body, as if she was waiting for something. As long as she sat here for a while, her mood would turn for the better.

What was even more strange was that many people’s aura caused her to have an adverse reaction in her heart. But the person in front of her called Ye Qingyu, he did not have a smile any different to other people, so why did he feel so familiar to her?

If it was someone else that sat in front of her and said such things with a smile, they would have long turned into a pile of ashes under the flames of darkness.

"Who would have thought this little fellow is an alcoholic." Ye Qingyu sighed, his left hand lightly tapping on the horns of the little dragon.

The slumbering little silver dragon suddenly went berserk.

"Who? Who? Who is it that hit me?" The little silver dragon madly moved, twisting his body, roaring in rage. "Yiya Yiya… to dare hit the almighty Little Silver, you are dead for sure. There is no one in the world that can save you now… I want to fight one on one with you! Come, lets fight!" A ray of silver light spat out from his mouth.

It landed on the face of Ye Qingyu who was not prepared in the slightest.

Kacha!

There was the sound of ice freezing.

Layer after layer of ice appeared on Ye Qingyu's body, causing him to be frozen like an ice sculpture. His stunned expression was also frozen.

Song Xiaojun looked at the little silver dragon in surprise, then looked at the ice sculpture.

Only then did the little silver dragon finally open his eyes.

His pupils swirled around, evaluating his surroundings. Finally, his gaze landed on that somewhat familiar ice sculpture. Instantly, his pupils constricted into a little black dot. His extremely madly confused expression was like a mouse spotting a cat.

He finally saw what he had drunkenly done.

"Ao…" The little silver dragon let out a cry of fear, his two claws holding his face. Then with a crash, he buried himself in the bowl of alcohol, the entire dragon submerged into the alcohol. Like a water snake hiding in ambush, he lay there not even moving in the slightest like he was dead.

After a short while, his head popped out and looked at Song Xiaojun. "Little Silver was drunk just now, I don't know anything…"

Then with a gurgle, he drank another large gulp, returning to pretend to be dead in the alcohol.

A smile that was quickly wiped away flashed by in the ice cold and clear eyes of Song Xiaojun.

Her mood suddenly unprecedentedly turned for the better.

At this time, there came the voice of the ponytailed little girl Xiaoxian coming from the outside. "Sister, I've returned. This little white dog demon was not wrong, the [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon] really is not there. We've guessed wrong…" "Woof woof, I never lie to anyone," Little Nine’s proud voice barked out.

One could see Xian'er bringing the big headed dog, coming from the outside.

The two came to beside the table, and Xian'er discovered that there was some change compared to when she had left. She abruptly stared at the ice sculpture opposite her in astonishment, curiously asking, "Eh, what is this? Sister, you were bored so you started playing with a snowman? Where did such an ugly snowman came from… eh it's slightly familiar." "Hmm, it looks somewhat like my very treacherous and sinister master." The big headed dumb dog jumped onto the table, shaking his head as he said these words. Then he looked at his surroundings, curiously asking, "Eh? Where's little silver? Where has he gone?"

The white little finger of Song Xiaojun pointed at the bowl of wine.

"He's drunk?" The big headed dog was shocked. "This little fellow cannot drink at all, and his actions after drinking is so poor. Every time he gets drunk, he wants to get into a fight with me, nearly killing me. Today he's drunk again? Woof, that damn little, I should never have let him drink… eh, that's not right, this fellow didn't go into a drunken frenzy this time, why is he lying in the bowl pretending to be dead? What's happening?"

There was a light swirling in Song Xiaojun's eyes as her white little finger pointed at the ice sculpture opposite her.

Little Nine was perplexed, then he looked carefully at the ice sculpture, finding it somewhat familiar. Leaping right in front of it, he stared at it for a while, suddenly realizing something. Looking at the Little Silver pretending to be dead in the bowl of wine, he immediately understood. His body could not help but let out an involuntary tremble, shooting three feet high with one jump in fright.

"Ao…"

His throat let out a gasping sound, and like his bottom was on fire, he jumped into a large jar of wine nearby, turning into a sunken corpse himself.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 224:


Chapter 224(2) - Killer weapon against the female species

Song Xiaojun's eyebrows curved up, her eyes forming crescent moons.

Xian'er stood next to her, with her eyes wide open in disbelief.

In her memory, this was the first time ever since sister Xiaojun had controlled the Unmoving City of Darkness, that she had shown such a happy expression. Even when she sat on the throne of darkness of the Unmoving City of Darkness, there would be no emotions on her face at all. Her expression would remain calm and icy.

Kacha! Kacha!

The sounds of the ice cracking could be heard.

As piece after piece of ice fell to the floor, Ye Qingyu's body finally pierced through the layer of ice. He stood there gasping for breath.

If not for the fact that his body had the [Supreme Ice flame] that countered the ice power of Little Silver, then Marquis Ye really would be frozen alive like Wen Wan within the ice. At that time, he could only patiently wait for Little Silver to save him.

"Where's Little Silver?" Ye Qingyu grinded his teeth.

Xian'er grinned as she pointed. "In the bowl."

Ye Qingyu instantly realized that Little Silver was seriously pretending to be dead. He had even used his ice power to freeze himself stiff, sinking to the bottom of the bowl, not moving in the slightest. Originally, Ye Qingyu was not that angry, and after seeing this scene, he could only shake his head ruefully.

He extended his hand to pincer this fellow up, and after rubbing away the alcohol on his body, he then placed Little Silver in his hair like a hairpin.

Little Silver did not move, obediently becoming Ye Qingyu's ornament.

"Wa, this little snake can be used like this. It’s such a beautiful silver dragon hairpin. How can I not have this idea earlier?" Xian'er shouted in an exaggerated fashion, her eyes brightening up as she stared at the little silver dragon eagerly.

Ye Qingyu pretended as if he did not see this.

Opposite, Song Xiaojun's face became much more expressive.

It was the first time she did not have a chilling expression that rejected all those who got near. There was even a faint shadow of the Song Xiaojun from when she was at the White Deer Academy. Such a small change could not be detected by other people, but Ye Qingyu was easily able to discern this.

He was overjoyed in his heart.

This already was a very good sign.

There was countless topics of conversation flitting through Ye Qingyu's mind, but when he opened his mouth, for some reason the words he said were, "It's about lunch, have you… eaten?"

Instantly, Xian'er glared at him with disdain.

To want to flirt with my sister, please could you not use such useless words.

Who would have guessed that Song Xiaojun would give a serious reply, although it was only a single simple reply, "We haven't."

Ye Qingyu was about to ask whether he could invite them for lunch, when Song Xiaojun directly stood up. Without saying anything, she brought her toy bear outside, evidently wanting to depart. Xian'er happily made a face at Ye Qingyu, sticking her tongue out, then quickly followed behind Song Xiaojun, the pair of girls leaving just like that.

They've left?

Ye Qingyu was slightly disappointed.

"At least I… said hello." Ye Qingyu shook his head, but his mood was still good.

After this simple meeting, all the negative emotions in Ye Qingyu's heart were swept away, becoming excited once again.

He lifted his hand, grabbing the silly dog Little Nine from the jar of wine and threw him on the table. "Hey, stop pretending to be dead. You just said I was treacherous and sinister, then I'll be treacherous and sinister like you said."

The dog whose limbs were frozen instantly leapt up, an expression of trying to please Ye Qingyu on his face. "Woof, woof, I just said that casually to con those two girls…" As he said this, he instantly smiled like a thief, his eyebrows moving up and down. Suppressing his voice, "Master, why do I feel like that little girl wearing the golden mask seems like someone." "Eh?" Ye Qingyu casually said. "Who are they like?" "Woof!" Little Nine let out a bark, saying, "Master could you be a little more serious, I am being serious here. That little girl is really like the Song Xiaojun of the White Deer Academy, that little girl who liked to follow behind you all the time. Could you have forgotten about her already?" "It's none of your business." Ye Qingyu naturally would not admit it.

This stupid dog was not only a glutton, but he was also famous for his big mouth. He would spread and talk about everything. If he knew the truth, it was hard to say whether he would spread it about. At that time, the safety of Song Xiaojun, would be placed under threat.

The silly dog Little Nine barked in dissatisfaction. "Hmph, for you master, I sacrificed my body, and was pinched at by that ponytailed girl. For me to only get so little information, hmph. Since Master doesn't want to know about that matter, then I'll keep my mouth shut."

Bastard!

Hearing these words, Ye Qingyu's eyes brightened, instantly his attitude turning soft. "Speak."

The silly dog Little Nine wagged his tail, licking his lips and began laughing.

"I'll tell Mother Wu to make you roast dog[1] for you to eat." Ye Qingyu threw out his bribe.

Little Nine originally wanted to say, I don't want to eat dog meat. But he instantly recalled the bowl of dog stew that Mother Wu made that day, the flavour really was… good, and was really enticing. Whatever, let’s not care whether it was dog or not, after all, he wasn't really a true dog.

Without any integrity at all, he nodded his head. "It's a deal."

Then he mysteriously flicked his head looking at the surroundings, jumping like a thief to Ye Qingyu's shoulders. Coming close to Ye Qingyu's ears, he said, "Master, the background of these two girls is really suspicious. I suspect they are the spies of the Demon Race, they have always been targeting the Pass Lord’s residence. I hear they are searching for something called the [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon]. Just now, I sneakily accompanied that ponytailed girl to the Pass Lord's residence…" [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon]?

What was that?

Ye Qingyu rubbed his temples. In truth, when Little Silver had frozen him solid, he was still able to hear sounds from the outside. Xian'er had mentioned the [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon] but at that time, Ye Qingyu did not pay too much attention.

Right now, he finally understood somewhat.

The reason that Song Xiaojun was still risking it by staying in Youyan Pass for so long, was because she was searching for the so called [Lotus Fire of the Black Moon]. For this she was willing to be in such great danger, this meant that this must be something very important to her.

Wait a moment, the silly dog brought her inside the Pass Lord's residence?

Ye Qingyu turned his head to regard him, suddenly realizing something. "What did you just say? You accompanied Xian'er to sneakily enter the Pass Lord's residence? Are you very familiar with the Pass Lord's residence? Why is it that she needed you to accompany her?" "Woof…" Little Nine's words instantly stuttered, then wagged his tail and barked. "Don't concern yourself over the unimportant little details. The important thing is these two girls are suspicious. Should we notify madman Wen of the Vanguard, and to capture these two and interrogate them?" “I think the person who should be interrogated is you." Ye Qingyu stared at Little Nine with a sinister smile. Grabbing his neck, he brought him up to his eyes, and said in a dark voice, "Speak truthfully, what have you done? Did you enter the Pass Lord's residence?”

Little Nine, seeing he could not conceal any longer, instantly his body becoming listless. Four of his paws fell down powerlessly. "I went, I went many times… since it was so tightly guarded, I thought there would be many delicious things to eat. Who would have thought that I completely searched every corner of the Pass Lord's residence, but I couldn't even find any treasure. This really makes woof too disappointed." "You trespassed on the Pass Lord's residence?" Ye Qingyu was extremely shaken. "You searched every corner? You must be exaggerating?"

If there was a place in Youyan pass where the security was comparable to the Imperial Palace, then it was absolutely the Pass Lord's residence. Even with Ye Qingyu's current strength, he did not have the confidence to sneakily enter into the residence and take a walk around. But this silly dog said he had completely searched every corner of the Pass Lord's residence.

Seeing Ye Qingyu's expression, Little Nine bared his little teeth, saying in disdain, "What's so great about that. In this Youyan Pass, there is nowhere I cannot enter."

Seeing the expression of the silly dog, he did not seem to be lying.

Could it really have such an ability?

He could enter any place undetected?

Even the Pass Lord's residence, where the [War God of Youyan Pass] could not detect him at all?

Did that mean… this silly dog was finally showing some value?

Ye Qingyu felt, that in these days, he really had been far too focused on his cultivation, and had neglected to interact with his two battle pets. In such a long period of time, it was completely unknown just what kind of ability they had or what they did…

En…

Ye Qingyu thoughtfully nodded his head.

It seems like he had to find a time to develop the abilities of the two.

"Then did you know the two girls before?" Ye Qingyu lightly placed Little Nine on the table and began scratching his belly as a reward while asking questions.

Little Nine saw his master’s expression and knew the storm had already past. The dog instantly became much more relaxed.

Moaning comfortably, he lay on his back, exposing his furry belly for Ye Qingyu to scratch. Panting excitedly, "One day, me and Little Silver came to gander… I mean, patrol around. Then we saw these two girls acting suspiciously, so we came to have a look. Hehe, master, you should know that I am so beautiful and cute, and am completely a killer weapon against any female species. As expected, when the ponytailed girl saw me, her eyes brightened and said I was a cute little dog demon. Using a little plan, I made her spit out her objective in being here, woof, woof, hehe…"

Ye Qingyu had black lines running across his head.

The ditzy Xian'er and this unreliable white dog…

One could not help but admit, such personalities could easily fit together well.

As they were speaking, there was a ruckus coming from outside the liquor house. What followed after was a swathe of hurried footsteps, as if someone was madly rushing to escape, but was caught up by the people behind. They were directly struck down to the floor, then captured with steel shackles and brought far away, with sounds of curses and cries floating over…

On the counter.

The female owner who was eating pumpkin seeds in boredom, the colour of her face changed.

She quickly ran to close the doors of the store. But before she could run to it, the wooden door was kicked open with a crash. Several soldiers wearing armour from the supply department, rushed in like wolves or tigers.

"You want to close the doors? Could it be that you are guilty of something?" The soldier in the lead armour was in disarray, and his face was ferocious. There was a sword scar on his face like that of a centipede. He sneered coldly at the female owner.

"I don't dare, I don't dare. Sir, I only operate a small business here. In these days, you have come tens of times. Our little liquor house nearly cannot withstand it any longer, please stop, show some mercy…" The female owner was about to cry—

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

