Chapter 1213:


Chapter 1228 - Arrival of Little Nine

Several airships and warships could be seen flying intimidatingly in the void.

At the same time, the sounds of footsteps and horse carriages could be heard coming from all directions along the streets that were shrouded by the night. The large group quickly surrounded the entire number one military brothel.

The chubby manager's eyes lit up with happiness but soon, the light in his eyes dimmed.

It didn't matter whether or not the reinforcement troops came since his life was still in their hands.

Soon, he heard footsteps nearby.

"Who has dared to murder and create such a commotion at the number one military brothel?" a titled Marquis expert in golden armor strode in and was followed by soldiers who swarmed into the room.

These soldiers gave off a ferocity that was vastly different from the guards who were guarding the military brothel earlier. These were true soldiers from the military who had undergone rigorous training and their leader, the titled Marquis, was an expert whose cultivation was of half-step to Quasi-emperor realm, so his aura was very strong.

He was shocked to see the amount of blood and the number of corpses littered everywhere when he arrived.

Who could have had the guts to kill so openly here? Was this person a lunatic?

"Capture them, capture them all and kill anyone who puts up a resistance," he yelled angrily.

In the quiet room, Lin Nanzhu stood upright with her sword.

The soldiers searched the area and finally spotted her. One look at her and they knew that this armored woman had murdered all these people. When the titled Marquis entered the room and saw Lin Nanzhu, he froze for a moment as recognition dawned and said, "You... how could you...? Hehe, Marquis Tingtao's residence is clearly filled with a bunch of rebels. You've committed an unforgivable crime, so just watch how I'm going to punish you. Men, gather on her left and right and take her down."

Lin Nanzhu's face was filled with rage once more when she recognized this Marquis.

This Marquis from the Dark Feather clan had led his troops to destroy and and kill countless people of Marquis Tingtao's residence.

However, Lin Nanzhu's mind had already cleared and after all the men she had killed, she was no longer so full of hatred. Thus, when she saw this Marquis, she stopped to think of how Ye Qingyu might want to punish this man.

However, a voice rang out from the quiet room.

"Kill them all."

At the same time, an invisible warm current traveled across space and entered her body, instantly getting rid of her fatigue and giving her unprecedented strength. A rush of powerful and shocking strength exploded from her, and she rushed toward several dozen soldiers. These soldiers didn't even have a chance to resist before they were sent flying like grass in the wind.

It had been Ye Qingyu's voice and he had also been the one who had injected this strength within her.

Lin Nanzhu didn't hesitate and her figure flashed as she got to the soldiers first. Then, she attacked like a bolt of lightning and slashed them all in two before they even started their descent to the ground.

Her sword blade moved once more and pointed toward the leader of the group.

"Oh no..." the Marquis of the Dark Feather clan's face turned pale.

He sensed the terrifying burst of power within Lin Nanzhu's body that had suddenly manifested. He instantly felt a shiver of fear run down his spine and the shadow of death looming over him. He didn't understand how this happened and he was about to retaliate when he sensed something cold pressing against his neck; then his body stiffened and he was no longer able to move.

A bloody slash appeared on his neck and his head rolled off his shoulders.

"That... that sword moved so quickly," he exclaimed in shock, unable to believe what had just happened.

He had personally captured Lin Nanzhu just several days ago and Lin Nanzhu wasn't even able to counter with a single attack of her own back then. Yet now... his body fell to the ground and he died in complete disbelief.

The remaining soldiers hadn't expected their commander to fall so quickly, so their ranks were thrown into disarray.

However, even if their ranks had not been thrown into disarray, they would have been no match for Lin Nanzhu in her current state.

Dozens of warships rushed down from the skies, their bows flickering with dazzling splendor as they aimed their weapons at Lin Nanzhu. The splendor originated from the large formation cannons at the bow of the ship and a terrifying force was brewing within them.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The large cannons released their attacks but an invisible shield suddenly appeared in the sky several hundred meters above the number one military brothel. This shield had appeared from the quiet room and instantly shrouded the entire military brothel. The powerful cannons could not even cause a ripple to form on this shield.

Fifteen minutes later—

Lin Nanzhu moved like the wind and finished killing the remaining soldiers who had surrounded her.

"Stay here and protect the innocent lives within this camp," Ye Qingyu said to Lin Nanzhu after he emerged from the quiet room.

Lin Nanzhu had wanted to stick by Ye Qingyu's side but when she remembered that her mother was still within the military brothel, she could only nod obediently. She got on one knee and said respectfully, "Many thanks for saving my life."

"Don't worry, I'll make sure that this will never happen again," Ye Qingyu said.

As he spoke, four strands of hair floated down from his head and with a small flash of light, they transformed into four silver light dragons that resembled formation chains. These four dragons howled as they flew toward the four corners of the military brothel and immediately, an invincible Emperor formation was formed that fortified the entire military brothel. Even if a Martial Emperor were to come, he would definitely not be able to break past this formation quickly.

At the same time, rays of ice markings spread from Ye Qingyu's feet and slithered on the ground like icy snakes. They seemed to move slowly but were actually moving very quickly and instantly spread across the entire military brothel to freeze all the blood and corpses on the ground. Then, all the blood and corpses that littered the ground instantly vanished as though they had evaporated.

There was not a single trace left of this bloodied and terrifying scene.

The number one military brothel had regained its earlier appearance and it was hard to detect a trace of blood on its compound. It was only a little quiet and no one could have imagined that a massacre had just taken place here a few moments ago.

"It is time. They should have arrived," Ye Qingyu's lips curved into a smile.

Then, there was a flash and his figure disappeared on the spot.

....

At the east gate of Royal City.

Due to the recent turmoil in the city, security along the city walls had tightened and there had been an increase of guards along this area. The soldiers stationed at the east gate were the elite soldiers of Royal City's regular army and there were several tens of thousands of soldiers present.

The commander of these troops had been Sun Yi from the Sun clan. However, after the turmoil at Royal City, the Sun clan was under attack and their general Sun Yi had been tricked and captured; as a result, the command of the troops had fallen into the hands of a nobleman from the Sky-reaching clan, a man known as Xuan Tian.

The night grew darker.

Xuan Tian was in a bad mood.

The ancestors who had gone to kill Ye Qingyu had yet to return and were gone far longer than their initial estimates. This deviated from the plans that the various races had agreed on beforehand so he was worried that something might have changed.

Although they had captured Sun Yi, the Sun clan was still an Emperor clan who still had a sovereign standing guard over them. The Sun clan’s ancestral home was very well protected with many layers of defensive restrictions. They had spent many days and threw a lot of military might in an effort to try to break through the Sun clan’s ancestral home but to no avail. They might have already won an advantage over the Sun clan, but their progress was still incredibly slow.

In other words, their plan was progressing smoothly but not as smoothly as expected.

Xuan Tian was very ambitious and he was one of the most outstanding talents of his time in the Sky-reaching clan. He was not even a thousand years old but was very well-regarded, especially by the Martial Emperor of the Sky-reaching clan. After their clan elder had been killed by Ye Qingyu, there were many who thought that Xuan Tian was the best candidate to step into the clan elder's shoes.

He stood in front of the defense tower and stared at the dark night sky in the distance. The boundless darkness shrouded the ground in the distance, so he couldn't see clearly.

He had a bad premonition.

He felt as though something terrible was about to happen.

Then, large swathes of the stars flickers in the distant night sky and there a star that shone exceptionally brightly and continued to glow even brighter as though it was making its descent down to the ground. It moved incredibly quickly and almost reached the east gate in a blink of an eye.

"Oh no..." Xuan Tian exclaimed in shock.

This was not a star but rather, it was an airship.

It was a mysterious airship which flickered with dim silver light. It had a streamlined body and was several thousand meters long. What differentiates it from ordinary warships was that this airship was completely enveloped by a silver armored shell and did not have any deck, nor railings. It traveled like a huge dragon along the void as it slowly approached the east gate.

Was that an enemy attack?

Impossible. The east gate faced the dark underbelly of the Dark Realm and other than those strong and barbaric dark beasts, the other areas were all under the control of Royal City, so why would enemy troops be attacking from this direction?

This airship also had a very strange appearance.

He mulled over this strange appearance but still immediately ordered his troops to be on guard and get ready for battle.

The strange silver warship was fast approaching the east gate.

The warship's beauty became more evident as it drew closer. Its streamlined body was extremely aesthetically pleasing, its large silver metallic body created a violent and powerful visual impact and it was shrouded in a faint strange dark blue light shield. It floated in the void silently and there was no sign of yuan qi energy waves nor the aura of a formation, so it wasn't clear how it managed to fly in the void.

"What kind of monster is that?"

Xuan Tian and his men looked at each other in dismay.

"Go and have a look to see what exactly is that thing. If it moves any closer, shoot it down immediately," Xuan Tian commanded. He was surprised at the appearance of this warship, but he didn't take it seriously since he had clearly sensed that there were absolutely no yuan qi energy waves coming from it, so it couldn't have been very powerful.

However, a light door suddenly opened from the bottom of the warship, then a ray of white flowing light shot out from it.

What was that thing?

Xuan Tian and the others looked at it in shock.

"Woof woof woof..." a strange barking noise sounded.

The white ray of flowing light that had shot out earlier turned out to be a large white dog that was about two to three meters in length. This dog wore a mysterious silver armor and there were even two silver wings on its back. This armor seemed to be made from metal and there were several odd gun barrels on its wings. The dog had the same number of gun barrels on its right and left side that were lined neatly. Upon closer observation, one would realize that there were gun stands on the dog's stomach and limbs of varying shapes, but they were all very thin and they were the size of a child's arm. There weren't any yuan qi nor formation energy waves from them either, so no one could tell what they were meant to do.

The strangest part about this dog was that it wore a strange helmet on its head that was half-transparent and looked like a flowing eye mask. It was incredibly odd.

"Woof woof woof, the Heavenly Fighter Demon Emperor Little Nine has arrived, so why aren't you opening the gates to welcome me?" Two rays of dark blue light burst out from behind the strange white dog's buttocks and as though it had teleported, it immediately stood in the void and spoke.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1214:


Chapter 1229 - The Heavenly Dog Appears and No One Will Be Spared

The Heavenly Fighter Demon Emperor?

What was that? No one had ever heard of such a creature.

Xuan Tian and several other noblemen military officers looked at each other in dismay. No one had heard of such a title and normally, only Martial Emperors would choose a title that had the word 'emperor' in it but no one that matched this title had even appeared in history.

"Capture it," Xuan Tian said temperamentally as he finally issued a command.

Immediately, four peak Great Saint noblemen experts ripped through the air and rushed toward the large white dog. This large white dog looked very odd but they couldn't detect any yuan qi aura from it; they didn't feel threatened by it.

"Woof ha ha, I had been waiting for you idiots to attack me. Now, I can finally test out my new toy... Immortal-trapping rope, go!" the large white dog said excitedly. Obviously, it had been waiting for his opponents to make the first move. If they were so terrified by it that they surrendered, how was he going to have his fill of fun?

It stood upright in the void and its limbs were like human hands as they dug around its waist, then produced a strange short gun. It pointed the gun at the charging experts and opened fire four times.

Four rays of light burst out of the gun barrel.

The four Great Saint experts laughed coldly since these four rays of light had absolutely no yuan qi energy waves and were like cold light that didn't contain any mystery. They treated these rays of light like small toys. How could these items even be worthy of the name 'Immortal-trapping rope'?"

The next moment, those rays of light suddenly exploded and transformed into wisps of dark blue light that resembled a large web. It moved so quickly that before these men could react, the light web formed from the four rays of light had already captured them.

"What?"

"Destroy!"

"Open!"

The four Great Saint experts yelled angrily and their terrifying yuan qi burst forth as they tried to tear the blue light web apart. However, they soon discovered to their horror that they couldn't even leave a mark on the Immortal-trapping rope, no matter how hard they tried. Instead, the web tightened around them and would even branch off into tinier threads that tightened their hold on them.

"Hahaha, interesting. That old man wasn't lying after all," the large white dog said excitedly.

It flew over and put the gun back into the holster on its back. Then, it grabbed one Great Saint expert on each paw and reappeared back near the large silver warship in the distance, as though it had teleported and threw the four hostages it had captured.

As Xuan Tian and the other experts on the city wall watched, the silver warship shot down a milky white splendor that enveloped the four hostages like fiery flames. The four hostages screamed in terror before they disappeared bit by bit.

"What exactly was that monster?"

On the city walls of the east gate, the same question popped into the minds of countless people.

Those experts had been Great Saint realm experts and although they weren't the top-level experts in the military, they were definitely a major part of the attacking force. However, they had been captured instantly by that large white dog and sent to the silver warship where they had been burned alive... Instantly, everyone realized how dangerous that silver warship and the large white dog were.

"Woof hahaha, have you finally realized how powerful I am? Why aren't you withdrawing the formation to welcome me into your city?" the large white dog returned, looking extremely pleased with itself as it threw its head back and laughed loudly with its paws at its hips. Its stance was extremely odd and since it looked like something that a human would do, so there was an unintended comedic effect.

"Open fire!" Xuan Tian commanded. He felt that this large white dog was up to no good.

Loud rumbles rang out instantly!

Hundreds of large cannons located on the east gate opened fire loudly and shot out countless light beams from their barrels. As one of the regular defensive weapons of Royal City, each giant cannon was powerful enough to instantly kill a peak Great Saint expert. It was incredibly terrifying and as hundreds of giant cannons were fired in unison, even a Quasi-emperor would find it hard to defend against these attacks, and one moment of negligence could cause death or serious injury.

"Woof.. Damn it, you're not following the rules. How dare you attack me, the Demon Emperor?" the large white dog that had looked so proud of itself earlier immediately looked annoyed.

After it had displayed such powerful strength earlier, shouldn't those idiotic guards be falling over themselves to greet him respectfully?

"Aegis shield, open!"

The large dog who was now annoyed used its left paw to press on something that looked like a silver wrist guard on its right paw. Then, six rays of dark blue light beams burst forth and emitted strange sizzling sounds as the dark light in those light beams spread out and combined to form a strange six-pointed blue light shield that had a diameter of one hundred meters.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble!

The large cannons crashed against the six-pointed shield like a roaring tempest against a banana leaf but this only caused layers of ripples to spread across the shield without actually breaching its defenses. Thus, it was even more impossible for these cannons to have sent the large white dog flying.

"Aegis divine sword, the force of light, the authority of the Demon Emperor lies within me," the large white dog muttered a string of nonsensical words as though it was singing a string of curses. Then, it pulled out the gun that it had stuffed back into its holster earlier and with a flick of its wrist, a dazzling dark blue light pillar that was six meters tall shot out from the gun barrel and it resembled a large sword.

It held the light shield in its left paw and the light sword in its right paw as it stood on its hind feet and ran wildly in the void. Two rays of dark light flames shot out from the back of its buttocks and it moved like a flowing light, charging toward the city wall.

"Stop him!" Xuan Tian said and his expression changed significantly.

The large white dog had already proved how terrifying it was after it managed to survive the joint attacks of the large white formation cannons earlier. He couldn't figure out where this freak could have come from nor what those strange weapons it possessed were, but as a commander, Xuan Tian immediately sensed danger.

Moreover, there was still a large silver warship behind this dog that moved silently but was full of danger.

Hundreds of soldiers charged from the top of the city wall to face-off against the large white dog.

"Woof hahaha, you ignorant fools, you should tremble under my sword and shield..." the strange white dog was extremely excited, as though it was a dog who reveled in war.

Rumble!

It moved haphazardly and its six-pointed light shield sent dozens of soldiers flying.

Swish!

It slashed out with its light sword.

Another few dozen figures' armors were slashed from their bodies and they were sent flying.

Xuan Tian immediately gasped.

He noticed that this strange white dog's sword techniques were incredibly intricate and it wasn't something that he'd be able to emulate. Moreover, it wasn't just the dark blue light shield that was impregnable, its dark blue light sword also seemed capable of penetrating through anything. The divine armor used by the regular forces weren't able to withstand one stroke from its light sword and a gentle touch could cause the divine armor to fall apart as easily as paper.

Instantly, the hundreds of experts who had attacked earlier were all defeated.

"Watch as my Immortal-trapping rope does its trick," the strange white dog's light sword transformed back into a light gun. Then, it fired several hundred shots with the light gun like an autumn wind sweeping the fallen leaves away, and these experts were all captured by the dark light web without fail.

A milky white splendor burst forth from the silver warship, enveloped these hundred-odd hostages and burned them alive.

At the same time, a large door suddenly opened from the bottom of this silver warship and soon, several hundreds of thousands of silver figures appeared from the door, as though they were the spawn of this warship.

A ten-thousand strong army instantly appeared.

They swarmed toward the city gates howling like a swarm of bees.

Everyone who stood on top of the east gate turned pale. By this point in time, even an idiot could tell that the silver warship was an enemy invasion. However, they no longer had time to speculate what kind of forces had dared to attack Royal City in such a maniacal fashion.

"Exert the formation with everything you've got and activate the killing array. We've got to kill them all," Xuan Tian yelled angrily.

As the main commander of the troops stationed at the city gates, he felt that this had been a huge blow to his pride. There had been no other instances of forces that weren't the Invaders attacking the city walls along Royal City's mountain range. Now that he lost several hundred men in an instant, he would have to bear responsibility in this breach of defenses. Thus, he would only be able to get a pardon if he killed every single one of the enemy troops.

Soon, something happened that left him in utter despair.

The defensive and killing formations of the city gates that had been in operation for millions of years suddenly malfunctioned. To his utter disbelief, his men weren't able to activate these formations. It hadn't shown any signs of malfunctioning earlier but this problem was only discovered after the formation operators received the orders to activate the formations. By that time, it was too late.

"What's going on?" Xuan Tian bellowed in anger.

The ten-thousand strong white figures were already at the city wall.

"Are they all large white dogs?"

The soldiers standing guard only realized when the army approached, that these ten thousand figures were all strange white dogs that stood on their hind legs.

These white dogs were all around four or five meters tall and extremely large. However, unlike the strange white dog that called himself the 'Heavenly Fighter Demon Emperor', these ten thousand strange dogs' bodies all glowed with metallic silver light. Their bodies weren't made of flesh and blood. Instead, their bodies were cast from a mysterious and powerful metal that similarly didn't give off any yuan qi energy waves, but their bodies could change in shape and were extremely nimble. Every single one of them carried a standard light shield and light sword; they looked like exact replicas of each other. However, their combat strength was extremely powerful and they also carried a myriad of weapons on them. They didn't give off any yuan qi energy waves, but they seemed incredibly powerful and were no weaker compared to experts of the martial way.

"What are those monstrous creatures?"

"Ah..."

"My god, is it the puppet army from the Immortal Domain?"

"They are puppets with no life but they are incredibly powerful and seem to possess a mind of their own. They respond extremely quickly... and even know how to work together..."

"An army of ten thousand strange dogs working together as smoothly as a well-oiled machine. uh..."

All kinds of shocked exclamations could be heard from the battlefield on the city walls. These Guardians were used to the formation martial way and they were unable to get used to the strange style of fighting their strange opponents were using. On the contrary, the strange metallic white dog army was extremely familiar with the combat techniques of the formation martial way and easily managed to overcome them. When these two armies clashed, the Guardians' army were immediately defeated.

Xuan Tian was dumbfounded as he took in this sight.

"Woof hahaha... My Grand Heavenly Dog Army is extremely powerful, so how could morons like yourselves even hope to defeat them?" the large white dog made of flesh and blood stood in the void, throwing its head back and letting out a long howl. It was incredibly proud of itself as it said, "Once the heavenly dog has entered the battlefield, no one will be spared. Wa ha ha ha!"

It hurtled down from the void with a hearty chuckle and headed straight for Xuan Tian.

Xuan Tian was defeated after exchanging several blows with the large white dog. The white dog shot its gun at him and the Immortal-trapping rope wrapped itself tightly around him, landing at the top of the city wall.

The large white dog grabbed Xuan Tian with its paw and rushed up into the sky. It stood at a thousand meters above ground and growled loudly, "Your commander has already been captured by me. Morons, why aren't you surrendering? Do you really want to force me to kill every single one of you?"

The guards along the city wall suddenly lost the will to fight when they saw what had happened.

The large white dog's maniacal laughter echoed in the heavens and earth.

Soon, its strange laughter suddenly stopped and it changed to a different tune altogether as it looked in the distance and said with a tinge of pride, "Hey, Human Pet, you've finally arrived. Ha ha, did you see that? My Grand Heavenly Dog Army was invincible. I didn't even need your help to take down this city wall."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1215:


Chapter 1230 - A Great Army and a Plan

"Oh really? If there had been a Quasi-emperor standing guard at the east gate, with fully operational killing formations that had been functioning for millions of years, would you be able to succeed so easily?" Ye Qingyu's voice rang out.

A young man in white slowly walked toward the city walls from a distance.

The burly Commander Sun Yi stood behind him, clad in linen robes and accompanied by several dozen experts who had been secretly stationed at the defenses of the city. These men were all trusted generals of Commander Sun Yi; after Sun Yi had been tricked and captured, they had also been locked up, but Ye Qingyu had rescued them all.

In fact, it had been a while since Ye Qingyu had arrived on the scene.

However, he wasn't there to watch Little Nine show off its prowess and act dumb. He first went in search of Commander Sun Yi who had been locked up in a secret chamber at the foot of the city wall, then he secretly deactivated all the protective formations, and covertly stopped all the present Quasi-emperors from acting. This was why Little Nine had been able to conquer the east gate of Royal City. It wouldn't have been such an easy feat otherwise. This was Royal City, the heart of the Guardians camp that ruled over the entire Dark Realm and had been in operation for countless years. Why would it be so loosely guarded?

"Huh? Human Pet, I'm not bragging. You should stand up and take notice of my talents. Even if you hadn't secretly helped me, I'd be able to take them down with my own efforts," it said.

The pair of silver metallic wings behind it produced a series of mechanical and metallic clinks, then transformed into a large silver cannon. There were several odd components along the middle part of the large silver cannon that resembled a formation and flickered with a dark blue light that struck fear down people's hearts.

The silly dog hefted this large silver cannon on its shoulders, lifted the visor from its helmet, and laughed arrogantly as it said, "Did you just see that? Haha, this is a nebula-stage destructive neutron cannon. It would be able to destroy a Quasi-emperor in a single move. Hahaha, this is comparable to an Emperor weapon. I can conquer the heavens with this large cannon. Woof hahaha!"

"Nebula-stage destructive neutron cannons would only be a threat to Quasi-emperors. It is a little far-fetched to claim that is destructive. Quasi-emperors are not wooden targets, do you think that they'd just sit there and let you hit them?" Ye Qingyu said huffily.

He had a very good understanding of the situation since he had maintained communications with [The Beginning] and [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] via optical brains.

They had managed to avoid the detection of the sovereign-level experts and had kept up to date with everything happening at the Luoshen Ridge and the Fire Province.

Ever since they had connected the Fire Province and Luoshen Ridge, [The Beginning’s] optical brain network had easily captured the Fire Province and with the support of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], the entire Fire Province had become the entire information base for the ancient optical brain. In a short moment, the ancient earth civilization released an unbelievable splendor. The basic facilities and order of civilization had been restored; many weapons of war that had been destroyed in the previous incarnation of civilization had also reappeared in this world.

Little Nine who had always loved new toys reveled in this development and asked [The Beginning] to customize many new weapons for itself. It even insisted on changing the appearance of part of the large robot army—one that would play an important part in Ye Qingyu's plans, into large white dogs.

Ye Qingyu didn't know whether to laugh or to cry.

According to [The Beginning], there were many advantages in having robots that adopted the appearance of dogs. For example, beast-shaped robots would make better killing machines on the battlefield, as compared to those human-shaped, and would have an easier time carrying weapons. Thus, Ye Qingyu could only agree to Little Nine's ludicrous request in the end.

This was the story of how the Heavenly Dog Army came to be.

Nonetheless, Ye Qingyu was very satisfied with the combat strength that the Heavenly Dog Army displayed at this time. The robots from the older civilization on earth possessed powerful calculation and deduction abilities, completely devoid of the emotions that most intelligent creatures had, so they would absolutely adhere to the orders given to them. They were strong, fearless and worked very well together, so they would definitely not make any mistakes.

More importantly, based on the information [The Beginning] had sent over, the Dark Realm contained large amounts of minerals that were useless to martial artists of the formation martial way, but they were highly treasured to those from the earth civilization. They would extract large amounts and could find endless uses for it. The production line that was saved within the [The Beginning’s] ship could churn out large armies of robots in a short amount of time if it were to be fully activated.

The Heavenly Dog Army was only a small portion of the robot army that had been produced.

"So what? I'll eat a Quasi-emperor whole should I ever encounter one of them," Little Nine grew enraged when it realized that its bragging had not achieved the intended effect, then opened its mouth and growled. Immediately, an incredibly powerful energy wave spread out from its body. This was the true power from the formation martial world and it surged like a mighty wave. Little Nine's power had already surged to peak ninth-step Quasi-emperor and its violent aura swept across the surroundings.

This was Little Nine's true prowess.

Ye Qingyu laughed as he lept up on Little Nine's back and gently stroked its white fur. It was a long time since they had last met and to be honest, he missed seeing this silly creature. They had kept each other company back at White Deer Academy and he had thought of it as its relative. This creature wasn't very reliable, but they had still gone through thick and thin together.

"Oh oh oh..." Little Nine let out a series of low growls and it luxuriated in Ye Qingyu's touch. It said, "Not bad. It has been a long time since we last met, but I must say that your massage techniques haven't deteriorated at all. I'm very pleased since it shows that you must have missed me!"

Ye Qingyu didn't bicker with it and only said after he had stroked its fur a little longer, "Alright. Focus on your job first and we'll speak more after this matter is settled."

Then, he introduced Commander Su Yi and the rest to Little Nine and said, "I want you to listen to this commander and co-operate with [The Beginning]. Take down the rest of the city walls along Royal City in the shortest possible time. You mustn't let down your guard since it is possible that sovereign-level experts might attack."

Little Nine huffed in annoyance and expressed its displeasure at having to be under someone else's command. It understood the significance of this battle, so although it was extremely reluctant to do so, it could only listen to Ye Qingyu's orders.

In the distance, the silver warship was churning out batches and batches of combat robots as if laying eggs. However, these combat robots no longer looked like white dogs but rather, they were of varying shapes and sizes with a larger proportion of human-shaped robots. Each differently shaped robot would serve a different purpose.

In the blink of an eye, an army of nearly five hundred thousand robots had been released.

At the same time, Sun Yi had quickly regained control of the soldiers stationed by the east gate. He had always commanded a high level of authority in the military and the east gate was an area that he had been in charge of for several decades, so he had personally groomed a large number of soldiers stationed there. After he got rid of Xuan Tian and his men, he regained control of the army effortlessly.

Ye Qingyu had agreed to this plan via optical brain transmissions between himself, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] and [The Beginning] before his return to Royal City. He would use the east gate as the breakthrough point to gain control of the rest of the city and cripple the defenses of Royal City, so that he could slowly get rid of the rest of the rebels and the bloodthirsty noblemen.

He continued to issue a series of commands.

Ye Qingyu received a report from [The Beginning] that they had lost two hundred and thirty combat robots from the Heavenly Dog Army and the destroyed robots were all of a rather low-level, being the initial prototypes of the combat robots. One hundred and ten combat robots could be repaired and at least two hours would be required to perform the repair job.

Ye Qingyu found the loss rate of the combat army completely acceptable.

The initial prototype models were as strong as Saint realm experts from the formation martial way, but three initial prototype robots working together could hold their own against a Great Saint realm expert. In other words, they could form the main force of an army.

The earth's civilization was terrifying in this aspect.

Their weaknesses were very obvious as well, since the most powerful combat robot that the earth's civilization could produce was only as strong as a martial artist of a fake Emperor cultivation. Furthermore, it was impossible to mass-produce these robots. They would definitely be defeated if they faced off against a Martial Emperor and this was probably one of the main reasons why the earth's civilization had been unable to revert their fate, to be annihilated and reborn.

Soon, the battle began.

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] continued to stand guard over the Fire Province and the white-boned war beast Little Ten maintained order at Luoshen Ridge. Still, if Commander Sun Yi and [The Beginning] were to join forces, it wouldn't be difficult to overcome the defenses of Royal City.

Ye Qingyu quietly observed the area for some time and only relaxed when he noticed that no sovereign-level expert was jumping into the battlefield.

He moved and headed inside Royal City.

At the Sun clan ancestral home.

A fierce battle was still being fought.

Since the internal turmoil broke out within Royal City, the Sun clan's ancestral home was the place where the battle was the most intense. Ye Qingyu had only managed to become a Martial Emperor because he had the full support of the Sun clan, and thus, when the coup against the new Emperor happened, the Sun clan became the target of all the other forces, especially the Sky-reaching clan, the Dark Feather clan and the Lofty Mountain clan that had suffered great losses because of Ye Qingyu, and wanted to exact vengeance on the Sun clan.

These major clans also led the soldiers who attacked the Sun clan.

Obviously, there was another important reason for their actions. This was a reason that only the true top-level figures of Royal City were aware of—several sovereigns felt that the old ancestor of the Sun clan had made a mistake by supporting a minor nobleman from a foreign land to become an Emperor, resulting in the group of sovereigns suffering great losses. Thus, they thought that the Sun clan should bear responsibility for this mistake.

Moreover, the old ancestor of the Sun clan was not always aligned to the interests of the group of sovereigns and seemed to stick out like a sore thumb. The group of sovereigns had already tricked the old ancestor once and forced him to ascend to the maximum level of his Martial Emperor cultivation, exhausting his lifespan. He didn't have much time left in him which was why the group of sovereigns no longer considered him a threat, allowing him to live out the rest of his life until his dying breath. No one expected that he would suddenly groom a powerful killing god, Ye Qingyu, who then proceeded to overturn the order at Royal City. The group of sovereigns were livid and secretly tried to stir up even more trouble, hoping to use the Sky-reaching clan and the other clans to kill the old ancestor of the Sun clan.

The Sun clan was already on its last legs when Ye Qingyu finally arrived and everyone from the Sun clan had already retreated into the damaged ancestral temple, using the last of their strength to guard it.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1216:


Chapter 1231 An Empty City

However, the loss suffered by the Sun clan was not large.

The clan was already well prepared when the attack began. Layer after layer of Emperor-level enchantments were set up within the Sun's clans mansion and ancestral home, which had been operating for tens of thousands of years. With the vast number of booby traps and guards waiting for their enemies to arrive, even the elites of the Sky-reaching, Demonic Feather and Lofty Mountain race made little progress over the last ten days. They could only advance inch by inch, and if one made a detailed calculation, one would realize that the losses suffered by the three clans during their forceful siege were even larger than those of the Sun clan.

During the last seven days of their attack, the combined army of these three clans could not even break through the defense of the Sun clan mansion; it only succeeded after the intervention of two fake Emperors.

"Kill, we have to destroy the Sun clan at all costs."

A huge being whose entire body was enveloped in a faint black vapor roared in the void. It directed the combined army of three clans in a ferocious attack on the Sun ancestral temple like a blaze of wildfire, completely unworried about the number of their own soldiers that would perish if they did so. From its voice, it was evident that the commander was already getting frustrated.

It was a fake Emperor from the Sky-reaching clan.

He was the person who directed the attack that broke through the defences of the Sun clan mansion, eventually forcing all of the Sun clan into their last ancestral temple.

The situation of this battle was far more insane and bloody than the one in the number one military brothel.

The soldiers of the combined army were nearly overcome by bloodlust and their bodies were ground to bloody pulp as they forced their way into the barriers set up by the Sun clan. Many of the enchantments were eventually overwhelmed by the sheer amount of flesh and bone of the enemy soldiers.

The last ancestral temple of the Sun clan was about to collapse.

Faint Majestic Power permeated the temple, protecting the last surviving ground of the Sun clan. Many of the clan members wore expressions of rage and grief as they stood in the temple. At the beginning of the battle, a few of them regretted joining the new Emperor's side, but now, there was no longer any point in thinking about such matters. The only thing they could do now was to stay together and make a last stand for the survival of their clan. At the very least, they had to slay a few more enemies before they themselves perished.

All of the Sun clan members infused their yuan qi into the central hub of the defensive barrier to replace the already depleted power from the origin crystal. A few clan members even fainted from exhaustion by doing so.

The Sun clan was at the brink of destruction.

The old lord of the clan, who was standing at the center of the ancestral temple, acted again. He channeled his Emperor qi, but his life force was nearly spent. Even if he forced himself to fight, he could not possibly last for much longer.

"Old Lord, please leave with the lifeline of our clan; stop trying to protect us. As long as a few of us survive, we can rise again some day. We are willing to sacrifice our lives and bodies to protect this ancestral temple."

Many clan members urged the old lord to stop protecting them earnestly and leave with a few dozen of the clan's more talented individuals. Using his strength as a Martial Emperor to ensure that the crucial bloodline of his clan survived was probably the smartest move he could make at the moment.

However, the old lord of the Sun clan did not show any indication as to whether he accepted their proposal or not.

He kept his eyes shut as he released his Emperor qir to shield the entire temple. Evidently, he had no plans to leave.

"Old Lord..."

"Please act decisively, my Lord."

"Are you really planning to sacrifice your life here?"

Many of them felt indignant and emotional.

They could not understand his decision.

After a while longer, the Lord of the Sun clan, whose eyes were still shut, suddenly opened his mouth and spewed out a mouthful of blood. His body was trembling violently and countless wisps of bloody mist spurted out from his body. His Emperor qi was starting to dissipate—it was the sign of an Emperor's impending death.

"Old Lord!"

All of the surviving Sun clan members were greatly shocked.

A smile appeared on the lips of the old lord, however, as he slowly opened his eyes. "Finally... I've not let myself down... the final one has also become true... Very good. In this way, I've done my part," he muttered to himself.

Unexpectedly, he was completely unworried about the fate of his own clan; it even seemed like a huge burden had been lifted off his shoulders. Evidently, he had been focusing his mind on a completely different issue and had not even heard what the other clan members had been telling him all this while.

Boom!

The attacks outside the temple grew increasingly violent; even the core power-channeling hub at the center of the ancestral temple was near collapse. Hundreds of Sun clan experts, who had channeled their own yuan qi into the hub, were sent flying backward as they spewed out large mouthfuls of blood.

It was time for the death of the Sun clan.

All of the clan members prepared themselves to fight to the death.

"After my passing, all matters of our family will be handled by Sun Yi. He has been holding onto the post of shadow elder for so many years now; it's about time for him to take up some real responsibility. He has a good relationship with the new Emperor, and that'll serve as the basis for the continued survival of our clan. All of you must remember that our clan cannot turn against the new Emperor no matter the circumstance. The prosperity of our clan lies upon him," the old Lord of the Sun clan said.

Everyone was speechless. They were about to be destroyed, yet here their leader was speaking about the continued prosperity of their clan. Could the old lord have finally turned senile?

He spoke up again, however, "Haha, His Majesty has arrived. What a right timing to make an entrance."

His eyes shone with a never before seen radiance as he cast his gaze upon the gates of the ancestral temple.

They opened at this moment.

Ye Qingyu, dressed in white as usual, walked slowly through the gates. Outside the temple, flames were burning and piles of corpses were strewn over the blood soaked ground, but it was completely silent. It was only then that the survivors of the Sun clan noticed how the alarming battle cries outside had vanished some time ago, having been since replaced by a deathly silence.

"Your... Your Majesty?"

A few elders of the Sun clan recognized Ye Qingyu and exclaimed in surprise.

Everyone had believed the new Emperor to be dead after they heard the vicious proclamations of the combined army. They had lost all hope; but now, at their moment of utter despair, he appeared like a savior before the very gates of their temple.

"
We're saved!
"

"
We're saved!
"

After the huge shock that they felt initially, all of the Sun clan members entered a state of wild joy and ecstasy. Seeing one's hopes turn true at their most moment would always hit one the hardest.

"Greetings, Your Majesty!"

"Greetings, Your Majesty!"

All of them came to their senses and knelt down as they greeted Ye Qingyu in the most formal manner. Even those who had some misgivings about him taking up the Immortal Domain training spot of their clan were entirely convinced by him at that moment.

Ye Qingyu nodded and arrived before the sovereignof Sun clan in a single step. The old lord regained some spirit as a Ye Qingyu infused some Emperor qi into him. Unexpectedly, his condition even improved.

"I seemed to have arrived too late."

Ye Qingyu felt immensely guilty.

In reality, both the sovereign of the Sun clan and him had already predicted that today's situation would happen. Earlier on, the Lord had reminded Ye Qingyu to be wary of his own people, and the new Emperor had left Royal City in haste because he wanted those who were plotting behind him to reveal themselves automatically, besides going to the aid of the Unmoving City of Darkness. It had been the suggestion of the Sun clan's sovereign.

However, both of them did not expect the schemers to be so powerful. Three great Lords of the Sky-reaching clan showed themselves, and Ye Qingyu was nearly unable to contain the situation.

Ye Qingyu had secretly communicated with the sovereign of the Sun clan, the moment he returned to Royal City. The sovereign told Ye Qingyu that the situation was not really bad for his clan; it was for this reason that he took so long to turn up to the clan's rescue, after he settled the matter of the city walls—even when he knew that the clan had been attacked and was in a possibly precarious situation.

Now, however, Ye Qingyu realized with one look that the sovereign of the Sun clan had been forcibly trying to hold the fort, and he was already close to death. The situation was far worse than how he had described it to be.

"Leave us, all of you. Tidy up what you can; both his Majesty and I have some matters to discuss in detail," the sovereign of the Sun clan said to his clan members.

"Yes, my Lord."

The clan members dared not dally around and hurriedly got up before exiting their ancestral temple in an orderly manner.

The mental state of the clan members were entirely different from the despair and gloom that enveloped their very thoughts earlier on. They were rejoicing now. The new Emperor had returned, and the future of their clan was settled. Their clan had stood by the new Emperor's side consecutively for a few times now; even if their old lord really perished due to the battle, it was not hard to imagine the rise of their clan from now on.

The gloom was finally over.

The clan members believed that the glory days of their family would last for an incredibly long time as they saw how much respect the new Emperor accorded their old lord.

The doors of the ancestral temple shut slowly.

Only Ye Qingyu and the old sovereign of the Sun clan were left in the great hall.

The old lord took out a piece of divine jade from his shirt and placed it in Ye Qingyu's hand. "The unrest in Royal City this time has been driven by a few Emperor clans. Aside from the Sky-reaching clan, the Lofty Mountain clan, the Dark Feather clan and the Dark Yellow clan, dozens of other Emperor clans were also behind it. I spent all of my effort to deduce and analyze with the leads they leaked out and stored a list of all people involved in this piece of divine jade. You can use it to follow up on this matter some other day. I know you have a mind to cast away all of the dark clouds and make the skies bright again, Your Majesty, as well as restoring order and a good atmosphere to the Dark Realm. This will take great willpower and ambition. I used to have the same thinking when I turned Emperor in the past; unfortunately the forces that were against me were too strong, and I lacked the will to push through. I only felt guilty over the recent years, when I began to feel my age catching up with me. The effects of your plan will be felt over the next few generations, but these Emperor clans are up to no good. They've created and plotted the huge amount of bloodshed in this realm; if you want to accomplish your goals, Your Majesty, you've to first crush and suppress them. This uprising is a great excuse for you to do so," he said with a smile.

The old sovereign had spent all of his effort in casting a premonition, at the possible expense of his own clan, to gather this name list.

Ye Qingyu felt grateful, and he could also sense the feeling of regret in the sovereign's voice.

To be honest, no one except this aging old lord in the entire Royal City could give Ye Qingyu a sense of closeness and respect. Even the extremely loyal Lin Xuan was incomparable in stature to the sovereign of the Sun clan. He had once harbored the same intentions as Ye Qingyu and tried his best, but ended up failing. Now, he was placing all of his hopes on Ye Qingyu, and it was an unselfish dream. Not for the sake of his own clan, but rather the betterment of the lives of all beings in the Dark Realm.

"Now, Royal City is an empty city. The residences of the larger Emperor clans are empty, and the sovereigns who have hidden themselves in the dark have left. They are still lying patiently in wait; they do not want to risk a head-on confrontation with a Martial Emperor in his prime like yourself," the old sovereign of the Sun clan said. "Royal City is in your pocket now, and the day where you unite the entire Dark Realm is near—it's just a matter of time. You have to remember, however, that these hidden sovereigns are very terrifying and insane. They'll do anything to accomplish their goals, and they're lying in the dark like venomous snakes. They can strike even after hundreds of thousands of years later, so you can never afford to let your guard down."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

