Chapter 901:


Chapter 918, Paying respect to Lord Deputy Envoy



Ye Qingyu gave a smile, saying, “Oh? They're all here. Good. Let them all in.”

Soon, the chiefs of the three major chambers of commerce, including Xie Yuyun, arrived at Fire Grove under the escorting of the armoured Light soldiers.

“Chief Xie, Chief Li, and Chief Zheng, you have arrived on time.” Seeing that his ‘companions’ had finally come according to the plan, there was a complacent twinkle in Li Wanhai's eyes. He nodded at the three chiefs of the three major chambers of commerce, before he swept a disdainful glance over the officials of the Heaven Wasteland Empire and smiled coldly. “What, now this has proved that what I said is true? Are you panicking? Now hurry and take a stand, there is still time, as long as you sanction that Mad Dog Ye, then our four chambers of commerce will continue to cooperate with your Heaven Wasteland Empire, as well as give a favourable policy... Hehe, isn’t that right, Chief Xie?”

In the end, Li Wanhai turned to the chief of the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce, Xie Yuyun, and secretly made a wink at him, motioning him to quickly act according to the plan that they had previously discussed in the hidden chamber, and push Ye Qingyu into a helpless situation.

At this moment, Li Wanhai felt incomparably complacent.

He thought his plan and response were simply timely and perfect. Now, as long as he finished off this matter well, then it would reduce his responsibility regarding the death of Fu Yan, and he would be forgiven by President Fu Tianao. After all, the president's conduct and action had always been the interests of the chamber of commerce.

But he did not notice that the way that Xie Yuyun was looking at him was as if he was looking at a dead man.

The chiefs of the other two major chambers of commerce did not even take a glance at Li Wanhai, as though they had never knew the man.

Since the situation had developed to this state, that fool Li Wanhai had offended Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu, then there was no need to remind that fool anymore, and it would be better to let him fend for himself.

“Xie Yuyun of the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce pays his respects to Lord Deputy Envoy.”

Xie Yuyun moved a few steps forward, came to stand in front of Ye Qingyu, straightened his clothes, and then said in a loud and clear voice. He then directly knelt down, and incredibly respectfully kowtowed, like a junior paying respect to an elder.

Li Wanhai was speechless.

He rubbed his ears in disbelief, and could not believe what he had just heard and seen.

That Xie Yuyun, what does that mean? Didn't they have a plan that they discussed before?

Why would he kneel to that Mad Dog Ye... what was going on?

Yet before Li Wanhai could figure out anything, something more shocking and infuriating had happened.

“Li Yu of the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce pays his respects to Lord Deputy Envoy.”

“Zhen Shi of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce pays his respects to Lord Deputy Envoy.”

The chiefs of the other two major chambers of commerce also knelt down in front of Ye Qingyu, just like Xie Yuyun. Their posture could be described as extremely polite, or even more respectful than Xie Yuyun.

Such a formal polite behaviour was close to that seen between the monarch and his subjects.

Everyone around were dumbfounded.

The courtiers at the banquet were all astonished.

Even Gao Han, who incomparably respected Ye Qingyu, as well as Lin Zheng, Shang Rui, Hang Weilin and the others who had extreme trust in Ye Qingyu were also completely baffled. They did not know what was happening. It should be said that they had met the chiefs of the major chambers of commerce more than once during the previous business meetings, and not only were they arrogant every time, they looked at them with disdain and their words and actions were full of superiority. They simply did not take the officials of the Heaven Wasteland Empire seriously. It was only because of the wealth of resources and potential that Heaven Wasteland Domain had that they only occasionally said a few words to them. Moreover, they left the majority of the affairs to the ordinary people of the chamber of commerce to negotiate with them...

But now they directly knelt down and bowed.

It was a kowtow.

What was going on?

Lin Zheng also felt that his brain was not enough.

Wait a minute... just now, the chiefs of the three major chambers of commerce addressed Palace Lord Ye Qingyu as ‘Lord Deputy Envoy’, what does it mean? Deputy Envoy? What kind of official position would this be, that it could make the chiefs of the three major chambers of commerce act so respectfully?

Just as many people were racking their brain trying to think about what was going on, Li Wanhai on the other hand was completely enraged.

What Xie Yuyun and the others had done was simply a slap in the face. Thinking of how he had said such harsh words before in front of so many people, Li Wanhai felt an anger of betrayal. He pointed to Xie Yuyun and others, and instinctively roared, “You... you guys... what are you doing? Have we not already planned to revolt together to get rid of that Mad Dog Ye, you... you're all on your knees... you...”

Before his voice faded away.

“The one with the surname Li, you don’t have to watch what you eat, but you have to watch what you say. When did we plan to revolt with you?” Xie Yuyun looked at Li Wanhai with an unfamiliar gaze as if the two people had never met before. “My True Spirit Chamber of Commerce came to Heaven Wasteland Domain to work with the Heaven Wasteland Empire. As a chamber of commerce of the Human Race, the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce is honoured to be selected by the Empress to become the first group of cooperation with the Heaven Wasteland Empire. Even if it there isn’t profit, we are still willing to offer our strength for the rise of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. How would I negotiate with you to get rid of Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu, are your dreaming?”

“You... I...” Shocked and furious, Li Wanhai could not even speak for a moment.

Now that the situation had reached this point, he felt that it wasn’t quite right.

“Chief Li Wanhai must never say anything like that again, it’s as if our True Spirit Chamber of Commerce has a very good relationship with your chamber of commerce.” Xie Yuyun looked at Li Wanhai with a mocking expression, “I am not close with you at all, our chamber of commerce has always only had business dealings with you, as well as a competitive relationship. Please pay attention to what you say, Chief Li Wanhai.” ”

“Yes, it is the same with my Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce. We have nothing to do with the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. That Li Wanhai is stupid, arrogant and willful to offend Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu. He really deserves to die.” Li Yu, the head of the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce also immediately declare their position afterwards.

“These days I have been disrespectful. I feel really ashamed. Today I, Zhen Shi, will declare my stance in front of everybody and Lord Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu. With an order from Lord Ye Qingyu, my Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce is willing to cooperate fully with Lord to do anything.” The chief of Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce was more ruthless, blatantly expressed his stance, and acted extremely humble and courteous.

Because Zhen Shi knew well that his situation was different from the Divine Symbol Chamber of Commerce and the True Spirit Chamber of Commerce, in that the two had only planned to attack Heaven Wasteland Domain and had not really carried it out yet. However, the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce had really committed a real crime, and was accountable for the disappearance of the Brute Race. At that time they just thought it was a group of foolish and ignorant barbarians, and that it would not matter even if they were dead. Also he had done too much of similar things in the other domains, and even if they were discovered by the people of Heaven Wasteland Domain, they also could not do anything to them.

But now, trouble was coming.

Given Ye Qingyu's strength, he certainly would be able to find out the truth about the disappearance of the northwest Brute Race, and at that time the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce would really be in big trouble. Therefore, he had no choice but to make a hasty last-minute effort to win the favour of Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu simply gave a faint smile, and did not say a word.

He did not even cast a glance at the three men. Instead he turned around and walked slowly towards the main seat in the depths of the banquet venue.

At this moment, when the officials and ministers present at the banquet looked at Ye Qingyu again, the expression in their eyes had already completely changed.

If at the beginning of the banquet, everybody only had respect and reverence for Ye Qingyu, then that had now become awe and fear.

The Ye Qingyu that could make the chiefs of such high and mighty chambers of commerce kneel down was not the Ye Qingyu who they knew.

This was a supreme existence that they couldn’t understand, and did not belong to Heaven Wasteland Domain.

As Lin Zheng recovered from the great shock, he came to realize another thing——the chiefs of the three chambers of commerce were still kneeling on the ground. If kneeling down was just to show respect and courtesy, then they had already paid their respect, yet they were still on their knees. Their actions simply could not be explained with etiquette or respect. Lin Zheng, who had a deep understanding of the officialdom, understood that it was clearly extreme fear that made them kneel down and dared not to get back up.

Deputy Envoy!

What Deputy Envoy was it that could make Xie Yuyun and the others so terrified?

He couldn't figure it out.

The Fire Grove was so quiet that even the drop of a needle could be heard.

The atmosphere was extremely bizarre and solemn.

Li Wanhai's face flickered between green and white.

He had already begun to come out of his trance.

From the business dealings over the years, Li Wanhai had a clear understanding of what kind of people Xie Yuyun, Li Yu and Zheng Shi were, as well as their character.

To say that these three people had been stung by their conscience, repented their past mistakes, wanted to turn over a new leaf, and give up the profit and desire in order to wholeheartedly help the rise of the Heaven Wasteland Empire was really as impossible as seeing a ghost. There was only one possibility that could make these three cunning men leave their dignity and status behind and kneel down in front of so many people as well as say such flattering words——They were really afraid of Ye Qingyu, not only did they fear him, perhaps even the people behind them were afraid to provoke Ye Qingyu.

What was going on?

Li Wanhai asked himself again and again.

He realized that there was most likely some information that he did not know of.

He also came to understand that he might have made a huge mistake today.

Li Wanhai looked up, and saw that on the main seat in the distance, Ye Qingyu, clad in a white robe, was sitting calmly and holding a wine glass in his hand. The way he looked at him with that half smile and those eyes made him both fearful and furious. For some reason, he vaguely wanted to instinctively retreat, but seeing the look in Ye Qingyu's eyes, he grew furious again.

“Hahaha, good, good.” Li Wanhai looked up and howled with laughter. “The chiefs of the top chambers of commerce had unexpectedly kowtowed to a mad dog of a lower domain. Hahaha, you three people really don’t want your dignity. You have really lost the face of the True Spirit, Divine Symbol, and Engraved Cauldron Chambers of Commerce... Then, kneel to him. I, Li Wanhai and the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce still want our face. Lin Zheng, I will ask you again, today will you give an explanation to our Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce?” ——





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 902:


Chapter 919, The bones are not very hard



Li Wanhai had simply broken the pot this time.

He knew that, no matter what the Deputy Envoy signified, regardless of what the identity of Ye Qingyu was, the problem now was that he had offended Ye Qingyu and that there was no way he could redeem himself. Even if he were to kneel down and begged for mercy, Ye Qingyu would not let him go so easily. Since this was the case, then there was no need to beg for mercy. He did not need to be afraid of anything since he had the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce behind him. The worst result would be the end of their cooperation.

Opposite.

Lin Zheng smiled coldly upon hearing these words.

What kind of person was he? He was completely unscrupulous. Previously, perhaps he was hesitant to anger the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, but now, Lin Zheng was now completely reassured, and directly refused, “Chief Li Wanhai, it's not beneficial to talk too much. Regarding this matter, it is your Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce that was in the wrong first. Chief Li Wanhai has no remorse, yet was aggressive and overbearing, and even insulted Palace Lord Ye Qingyu. If this can be tolerated, then what cannot? Even if your Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce admits the mistake, I will still settle the account.”

“You... good, that's good.” Li Wanhai did not expect to see Lin Zheng so determined. He knew that he would not be unable to find a way out of this embarrassing situation today. “One never sheds a tear until one sees the coffin, just you wait, this matter will not end so easily, wait till the fire of the Sky Suppressing military division falls on Snow capital, then you will know what is regret... Let's go.”

With that, Li Wanhai turned and walked away.

He must get out of here first, then go back and figure out the truth of the matter, and slowly settle the account.

He already had a plan in mind. He had decided to personally go to the headquarters to report this matter to President Fu Tianao, and then he could put Ye Qingyu into a place of eternal doom.

He had that confidence.

The other people of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce could only follow behind Li Wanhai upon seeing the scene. In truth, these people had thought that they occupied the absolute upper hand. Who would have known that, in the end, they had failed and would return in defeat. Each and every one of them felt as though their face had been slapped until swollen, especially a few of the powerful martial arts experts who hated the fact that they were unable to strike back and kill all the foolish officials of the Heaven Wasteland Empire. However, without the order from Chief Li Wanhai, they could only follow after him and leave.

At this moment----

“Leaving?” Ye Qingyu's voice sounded. “Did I allow you to leave?”

Li Wanhai suddenly twisted around abruptly, eyes almost spraying out fire as he fixed a stare at Ye Qingyu who was sat on the main seat in the distance and fumed, “The one with the surname Ye, don't go too far. What? Are you going to stop us?”

Ye Qingyu, sitting where he was, wore a look of mockery and pity on his face.

He had long planned to use the four major chambers of commerce to establish his power.

If Li Wanhai and the others were gone, then the banquet today would not even reach half of its purpose.

At this moment, the white-haired old man, who had been standing behind Li Wanhai all this time, suddenly took a step forward, blazing light bursting out of his eyes.

The next moment, his yuan qi and power instantly soared as he erupted out a Saint-level power. The old man was unexpectedly a Saint realm expert. Raging waves of yuan qi began to surge up violently with him as the center, and suddenly it looked as though a storm had been set off in the whole Fire Grove. The officials of the Heaven Wasteland Empire were swaying side to side like small saplings in the midst of a storm. Even the martial arts experts including the First Princess, the Golden Summit Prince, and Lin Zheng also felt as if an invisible hand had suddenly clutched their neck, unable to breath and their faces were twisted with shock.

Countless people turned to look at the white-haired old man.

“As expected... too strong.”

“An absolutely strong expert... It's not good, could it be... the power of the legendary Saint realm?”

The First Princess and Hu Yu had a sudden change of expression, and hurriedly released their strength to block the power, so as not to injure the other courtiers.

The Saint power emanated through the air.

The white-haired old man was like a god.

“Lowly ants, do not try to provoke the majesty of the heavenly divine dragon.” The white-haired old man had suppressed everyone present with his imposing manner. With a calm and indifference face, his eyes fell on Ye Qingyu, icily arrogant, as if he was looking at a dead man. “The Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce cannot be humiliated. Little fellow, you have passed, perhaps you can be counted as an important figure in Heaven Wasteland Empire, and perhaps had some ways to make Xie Yuyun and the others kowtow to you, but the bones of my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce are much harder than theirs. Be prepared to bear the Sky suppressing wrath...”

Before his voice faded.

Boom!

Without saying a word, Ye Qingyu very impatiently thrust out his palm.

Boom!

Before the old man had the time to react, an explosion struck where he was due to the blow.

Under this punch, a majestic Saint expert was like smashed watermelon, instantly turned into a puddle of bright red blood and not the slightest fragment of bone was in sight. He did not even have the chance to strike back at all. The Saint realm power that was everywhere, following Ye Qingyu's punch, was suddenly dispersed like the thin layer of snow on an autumn field in the sun, and seemed to have not existed at all.

There was utter silence.

The fire trees were whispering.

Everyone seemed to be frozen where they were.

Except for Ye Qingyu.

He gently drank the wine in the cup, then smiled, looked at where the white-haired old man was standing before, shook his head, and quipped, “It seems that the bones of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce are not that hard. They have shattered in one punch.”

Hissing!

There was a sound of cold air blowing around.

The courtiers felt light headed, also their teeth aching with cold air.

A Saint realm expert was destroyed in one punch!

The First Princess and Hu Yu were already speechless with shock.

They had known for a long time that Ye Qingyu’s strength had long reached a very frightening level, but it had never crossed their mind that he would be this powerful. He was able to single-handedly destroy a Saint expert, like he was crushing a mosquito. To be able to do this, he most likely had already reached the pinnacle of the Saint realm or... a Great Saint, right?

But how could this be, how could Ye Qingyu become so strong?

The two of them couldn't understand.

A person who equally could not understand was Li Wanhai.

Before that punch, the experts of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce behind Li Wanhai were all eager to wipe out the Heaven Wasteland Empire, which they saw to be as weak as chickens, but now they were shivering like chickens before the coming storm, terrified and helpless, and wishing to bury their head at once.

Li Wanhai had already lost the courage to move his foot anymore.

Any arrogance and superiority he had, in that seemingly half-hearted but powerful punch, which could destroy a Saint realm expert, had dissipated.

Strong!

Too strong!

How could the mad dog from a lower domain be so strong?

Lin Wanhai was very clear about the strength of the white-haired old man, who was a well-respected person in the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, and a Saint expert of hundreds of years with many fighting experience. He looked as though he had an elegant demeanour, like that of an Immortal, but in fact, was a murderous and cruel person. However, a Saint expert like him was destroyed in an instant, without the slightest fragment of bone remaining and the spirit extinguished...

Li Wanhai's mind went blank.

And at this moment, there were sounds of footsteps coming. Another Light soldier trotted in to report, “Lord, President Fu Tianao of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce has suddenly arrived, and is now outside of Light City, requesting to see Palace Lord.”

Everybody looked shocked.

The president of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce had come in person?

“Huh? Fu Tianao?” Ye Qingyu was a bit of a surprise, but then laughed, “This is really coincidental, invite him in.”

The arrival of Fu Tianao made Ye Qingyu feel a little surprised, but it was only surprise and nothing more.

Given the status that Ye Qingyu had today, even the president of a top chamber of commerce still had to bow and pay respect to him, let alone the fact that the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce was a chamber of commerce of the Human Race. Fu Tianao was still lower than Ye Qingyu in status. Although the third deputy envoy was only a deputy envoy position, it was still a position, and could at least suppress Fu Tianao on the surface. Ye Qingyu was not in the slightest worried about what waves Fu Tianao could cause.

It would be best if the president of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce knew what to do.

If he, like Li Wanhai, was a ruthless character, then Ye Qingyu wouldn't mind getting rid of him as well.

The reason that Ye Qingyu held this banquet today was to demonstrate and show his strength and energy, to deter people, whether external or internal, and to choke to death some of the possible hidden dangers while they were still in the sprouting stages.

Li Wanhai, who did not know what to do, upon hearing that the President had arrived, his eyes flashed an inexplicable glimmer.

Soon, two figures, led by a group of armoured Light soldiers, came to the banquet.

The person in front was a burly and tall square-faced man. His face was very imposing looking but he was not in the slightest bit furious. With one glance and it was obvious that he was someone who had held an important position for a long time. He was the President of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, Fu Tianao, and following behind him was an old man in a plain robe. He did not emit the slightest aura and looked like an ordinary old man, with his grizzled brows covering his eyes. He was Fu Tianao's trusted aide Ke Juxian.

Li Wanhai's eyes lit up when he saw that the President had really arrived.

Before anyone spoke, he rushed over all of a sudden, fell to his knees with a thud, and cried loudly, “President, you have come, I feel ashamed that I have let you down. Young master Fu Yan has been killed by the [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu. Young master Fu Yan is dead... he's dead... He died miserably... Although this subordinate of yours is aware of this cooperation, but I am really furious, and came to find this madman to understand the situation. As a result... as a result, even Elder Bai was killed... that madman is so arrogant, even if you had come in person, he does not care. In his eyes, our Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce is nothing but trash...”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 903:


Chapter 920, What kind of person did you provoke?



The thief cries thief.

Lin Zheng and the others all felt that Li Wanhai was really shameless.

As the chief of a top chamber of commerce, he was at least well-respected, yet now he was shamelessly fanning the flames and stirring up trouble.

At this moment, everybody looked at Li Wanhai with more disdain than before, and even the martial arts experts who came with him from the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce were no exception.

Ye Qingyu did not utter a word.

He looked at Fu Tianao with a half smile, waiting for his reaction.

Ye Qingyu wanted to know what purpose the President of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce had for coming here today. While waiting for Fu Tianao to speak, he paid no attention to Li Wanhai and what he had said. If Fu Tianao really believed in Li Wanhai's words and struck back, then Ye Qingyu also would not be afraid in the slightest. In the face of absolute strength, that kind of childish trick was simply a joke.

However, the officials of the Heaven Wasteland Empire were a little worried.

After all, the one who had arrived was the President of a top chamber of commerce, and not an average person. He was not someone that Xie Yuyun could be compared to, and if one really wanted to make a comparison then the President of a top chamber of commerce was in fact like the leader of many large sects, aristocratic families and Imperial Courts, as well as the high and mighty superior rulers. Even in the face of the Empress, he was not in the slightest bit inferior in status.

All gazes fell on Fu Tianao.

Everyone was guessing what the reaction of the President of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce would be.

Would it be rage?

Would it be forbearance?

Or would it be a direct attack?

Or would he turn around and retaliate later?

The answer was going to be revealed soon——

PA!

It was a resounding slap in the face.

Fu Tianao directly lashed at Li Wanhai's face, causing half his face to be nearly completely broken.

Then, before Li Wanhai could react, he kicked him straight to the ground.

“President... you...” Li Wanhai was completely confused.

He couldn't figure out why, instead of helping himself, the President had lashed out.

And the officials of the Heaven Wasteland Empire evidently also had no idea that such a thing would happen.

What was going on?

Only Lin Zheng, vaguely, realized something.

Fu Tianao's eyes, like a piercingly sharp knife, coldly cut through Li Wanhai, as he fumed, “Reckless dog thing, get lost, I'll deal with you in a moment...”

With that, he did not take a second glance at the indescribably shocked Li Wanhai, but solemnly tidied up and straightened his clothes, slowly took three or four steps forward and came to stand opposite of Ye Qingyu. Under the countless gazes, he gave a cupped fist salute, and slightly bowed down, humbly, and respectfully. “Fu Tianao of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce pays his respects to Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu!”

“I, Ke Juxian, pays my respects to the deputy envoy of the Human Race, Lord Ye Qingyu.” The plain clothed old man also bowed respectfully.

The atmosphere was quiet again.

The air seemed as if it were frozen by magic.

All at once, the courtiers in the midst of the Fire Grove felt that, after the series of unbelievable shocking events today, it had finally reached the most terrifying peak.

The President of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce, such an important figure, had unexpectedly... bowed in front of Palace Lord Ye Qingyu?

What was happening?

On the other hand Ye Qingyu, under countless shocking gaze, was incredibly calm, seeming to have long expected that there would be such a scene. Sitting on the main seat, he had no intention of standing up, and simply nodded slightly in response to the greeting from the President of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce.

His eyes were calm and indifferent, evidently waiting for what Fu Tianao was going to say next.

“Regarding the events that had happened in Snow capital, I already know about them. This matter, the fault is with my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. I was incapable of teaching them and let my inferior nephew make a huge terrible mistake.” Fu Tianao got up with a grievous expression. “Fu Yan deserved to die, I do not have the slightest complaint regarding the fact that Lord Deputy Envoy had killed him. The Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce will certainly give an explanation to the Heaven Wasteland Empire regarding this matter, and will also give an explanation to the Heaven Wasteland citizens who have lost their daughter. Therefore, Lord Deputy Envoy please be rest assured that the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce will never cover up Fu Yan's crime.”

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, “Please be rest assured? What would I worry about? En?”

“Lord Deputy Envoy is right, it is Fu Yan who did the wrong thing.” Facing Ye Qingyu's cross-examination, Fu Tianao did not show the slightest discontent, and instead spoke courteously.

“Oh, I thought the people of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce would never do anything wrong? The Chief of your Chamber of Commerce Li Wanhai is arrogant and prideful, and had repeatedly said that he would teach me, a mad dog, the power of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce and experience the wrath of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce... President Fu Tianao, although my Heaven Wasteland Domain is a small lowly domain, new to the Vast Thousand Domains, and with little power, but we would not be frightened. I wonder if President Fu Tianao came here with the Sky Suppressing military division?”

Ye Qingyu slowly stood up, a mocking look on his face.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 904:


In truth, Ye Qingyu really hated the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce.

This time, if he had not unexpectedly received a reward from the Domain Alliance, and as a result promoted to Deputy Envoy of the Human Race, allowing him to directly suppress the other side with his status, then it was most likely that the Heaven Wasteland Empire would have really suffered a huge attack under the plot of Li Wanhai. Once the four chambers of commerce had really joined forces, even if they did not use force, the Heaven Wasteland Empire would still be destroyed, and most likely unable to have a gasp of breath for at least three to five years. This to Heaven Wasteland Domain, which had been urgently enhancing its strength to protect itself, would undoubtedly be unbearable. It was important to note that it had always been soft knives that were cutting people during commercial wars. A battle without smoke would be even more terrifying than the previous domain rating assessment.

That was what Ye Qingyu was most worried about.

Therefore, at this moment, he may seem a bit aggressive to Fu Tianao repeatedly admitting his mistake, but in fact, he wanted to, through this tough stance, let Fu Tianao and all the people of the large chambers of commerce know that the bottom line of Heaven Wasteland Domain will always be visible, and to constantly strike and bring down the bottom line of Fu Tianao and others.

More importantly, as a deputy envoy, Ye Qingyu had a lofty status and must not be angered.

According to the laws of the Domain Alliance, Li Wanhai's insult and attack were enough to have his whole clan slaughtered. Such laws could be said to be iron blood and not a joke. If it were the Head Envoy Ren Puyang, then Li Wanhai along with all the people of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce that were present today would most likely have been arrested by the white-robed divine guards and killed. And Fu Tianao also would have had to bear the blame.

It was unknown whether Fu Tiano was putting on a false display of friendliness.

“Deputy Envoy, please calm down. I only knew about this half an hour ago, and had already come right away. I did not expect Li Wanhai to be an idiot and unable to distinguish right from wrong. He did such a thing on his own initiative,” Fu Tianao sighed. “It is a huge crime to insult Deputy Envoy. From now on, Li Wanhai will no longer be part of my Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce. Deputy Envoy please feel free to do what you want. I am also willing to take responsibility for not being able to discipline him properly.”

Ye Qingyu's expression grew gentler when he heard these words.

Just as the words of Fu Tianao came out, Li Wanhai completely fell into despair.

Looking at Fu Tianao in disbelief, watching the high and mighty ruler-like man who was like a Divine King in his eyes pleading and explaining in a low voice to Ye Qingyu, Li Wanhai almost collapsed on the spot. There was a biting chill bursting out from his spine, soaring straight to his head, as if to blow up the top of his head.

At this time, Li Wanhai's brain had suddenly become unprecedentedly clear.

He finally understood what a terrible mistake he had made, and why Xie Yuyun, Zhen Shi, the chiefs of the other chambers of commerce, would kneel on the ground right away, begging for forgiveness, and even had been kneeling till now. He vaguely understood the weight of the title ‘Deputy Envoy’.

It was a terrifying existence that even the President was afraid to provoke.

Heavens, just who did he mess with?

Why was this happening?

Li Wanhai did not dare to think more.

He still wanted to make a struggle at the end, frantically knelt down in front of Ye Qingyu, like a dog, pleading loudly, “Lord... Lord Ye Qingyu, I was wrong... I deserve to die, forgive me, Lord Ye Qingyu forgive me, I did not know about your identity, so... I was that disrespectfully, I don't dare to do it again...”

Ye Qingyu simply ignored him, instead cast a glance at Fu Tianao.

Fu Tianao immediately understood, turned his hand over and directly slammed down at the top of Li Wanhai's head.

All of a sudden, the seven apertures of Li Wanhai's head began to bleed as he collapsed onto the ground. Li Wanhai had really angered Ye Qingyu today, and given that Fu Tianao had always ensured that what he does was flawless, he thought that Ye Qingyu most likely did not want Li Wanhai to die so easily. Therefore, with one slap, he had crippled Li Wanhai, directly shattered his vocal cords and teeth, so that he could no longer speak, and then see how Ye Qingyu would respond.

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at Fu Tianao.

Ruthless.

This was the second tag that Ye Qingyu had affixed to the President of the Sky Suppressing Chamber of Commerce after the first tag ‘know how to endure silently’.

He turned around to take a look at Xie Yuyun and the other two, who had been kneeling on the ground all this time, and uttered, “Get up.”

Xie Yuyun and Li Yu both heaved a sigh of relief.

They knew that the small crisis today had finally past, and it seemed that Deputy Envoy Ye Qingyu would not continue to hold their chamber of commerce accountable. The two had made up their mind that later, when they negotiate and discuss with the officials of Heaven Wasteland Empire, they must put on a sincere attitude, and they should surrender part of the profits where they could. In any case, Heaven Wasteland Domain was rich in resources and had boundless potential. Even if they did business fairly and equally, it would still be enough for the two major chambers of commerce to make a fortune.

Only Zhen Shi of the Engraved Cauldron Chamber of Commerce was still kneeling on the ground, kept its head low, and dared not to get up——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

