Chapter 561:


Chapter 580, Trap

The next moment, a sudden strange change took place.

A strange wave pervaded the area and the ground suddenly began to quake, as if something was about to emerge underground. A force that made all experts present shudder was faintly detectable.

But very soon, the slight tremor soon became frantic and violent.

It was as if the whole world was shaking.

Rumble!

A sharp explosion followed.

With the Greater One Sect as the starting point, like a detonator was ignited, innumerable rumbles sounded. It was as though a string of firecrackers had been lit under the ground of the Greater One Sect.

Bright rays of light erupted along the path of the spirit veins beneath the Greater One Sect.

Ye Qingyu actually incited the spirit veins underground!

The location of Greater One Sect Monastery was precisely where the dragon’s vein of the spiritual veins was within a radius of hundreds of thousands of miles. No one knew how many years it had been converging here, but after nurturing from the successive generations of Greater One Sect Masters, it contained unimaginably horrifying power. At this moment the majestic spiritual qi that had been accumulating for tens of thousands of years swept up like a tsunami, taking the form of a turbulent current to strike the sky above.

Boom!

A scene like the collapse of the sky appeared.

The turbulent current of spiritual qi caused by the explosion of spiritual veins underground tore apart space and disturbed force fields.

The countless floating peaks that in the sky that depended on the strength of the spiritual veins to float suddenly lost support and collapsed like a meteor!

Numerous formation airships in the sky were also impacted by the turbulent current. They instantaneously lost control and thier formation was disrupted, becoming like a little leaf floating in a hurricane. On the airship, Greater One Sect disciples cried out for help and experts attempted to forcibly stabilize the ship; however, airships were one after another struck in the air, exploding in flames like fireworks blooming in the night sky.

“Abandon the ship!”

“It can’t be protected...”

Countless Greater One Sect disciples had no choice but to abandon the ship to save their lives.

The scene had become extremely chaotic within a flash.

The Greater One Sect disciples on the ship were immediately thrown into confusion; the scene before them had made them lose the will to fight. In their mind was only the thought to escape the life-millstone-like force field!

On the Storm Platform.

The headmasters who were still fighting fiercely were both shocked and furious.

“How could that be?” a headmaster roared.

“The underground dragon’s vein... how could this little bastard possibly trigger the underground dragon’s vein?” another headmaster roared, his eyes cracking.

“Quick, quick rescue... heavens, the monstery is going to be ruined.”

“No...” a Greater One Sect disciple roared hopelessly.

This scene, for the entire Greater One Sect, was an absolutely unbearable disaster. The monastery had been operating for thousands of years. Watching the chaos before them, they did not know how many floating peaks had fallen. However, it was most likely more than half of the floating peaks within the Greater One Sect had collapsed to the ground from the explosion of the spirit veins.

In the midst of the violent rumble, smoke and dust rose into the air. Gravel shot in all directions, like a sandstorm, shrouding the space within a radius of tens of thousands of meters.

The entire Greater One Sect was in utter chaos.

While Ye Qingyu, who had caused all this chaos, had already taken the chance to launch an attack.

He took this opportunity to quietly approach the space where the divine lantern that imprisoned Yu Xiaoxing was!

“How dare you, you madman! Die!”

A guardian elder noticed someone approaching, immediately howled, and stopped him in his path.

Ye Qingyu had been discovered.

But he was well prepared.

“The Ghost Shadows of Hell!” With a low yell, Ye Qingyu’s already swift figure suddenly unbelievably increased speed, transforming into a number of ghost-like shadows, so fast that even Immortal Step experts could not capture his movements.

Almost instantaneously, he easily avoided the guardian elders’ attacks.

“What?” a guardian elder exclaimed.

His eyes blurred for a moment, and everywhere seemed to be Ye Qingyu’s shadow. His mind went blank, whether it was his consciousness, yuan energy, or eyesight, he failed to capture the presence of Ye Qingyu in the slightest.

“How could this be?”

Another guardian elder was also about to attack, but failed to find the target.

Ye Qingyu's figure was like a ghost, transforming into a stream of flowing light that was constantly switching locations in the high altitude with a strange trajectory and rapid speed. Wherever he flashed past, a wisp of his residual shadow was left behind.

“What sort of speed is this?”

“Could it be that... an expert of the Immortal Step stage?”

The eight supreme guardian elders of the Greater One Sect were incredibly powerful, their strength comparable to the several headmasters. They were similarly Immortal Step experts, but they could not even capture the movements of their opponent.

“Break it!”

Ye Qingyu's voice simultaneously sounded from hundreds of different directions.

Ding!

A blue chain was cut off during the light noise.

This blue chain was constructed from an unknown material. It extended across from the talisman markings at the foot of the eight guardian elders to the Greater One Divine Lantern. The mysterious formations covered the entire chain and exuded a dangerous aura.

It was through this chain that the eight guardian elders were able to control the Greater One Divine Lantern, able to control Yu Xiaoxing. If the situation turned critical, they can even reduce Yu Xiaoxing to ashes with one thought.

So in order to save Yu Xiaoxing, Ye Qingyu must first break these eight chains.

But to simultaneously break these eight chains at the same time, so that the eight guardian elders cannot react in time, was too difficult, unless he possess speed that defied nature.

Fortunately, Ye Qingyu was able to.

This was thanks to a fast body technique called the [Ghost Shadow of Hell] from the Bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart].

The technique of the [ Ghost Shadow of Hell] was from the same origins as the secret formation [Flash]. It was also one of the Fiendgod formation seals of the ancient bronze book. So long as he instilled yuan qi energy, Ye Qingyu could instantly possess ghost-like speed like a Fiendgod, surpassing the limit, and almost walk in the air—— Of course, like the talisman seal [Flash], there were certain time-restraining limits, and it was not possible to use it again in a short period of time.

Ever since Ye Qingyu had been preparing to rescue Yu Xiaoxing, he had started cultivating numerous techniques of the ancient bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. He had almost read the entire ancient book in order to select a few of them for cultivation. And one of them was the [Ghost Shadow of Hell].

And this technique, which claimed that not even the ancient demons could cultivate, had indeed met the requirements of Ye Qingyu.

In a flash, before the eight guardian elders could react, the eight blue chains had all been severed by Ye Qingyu.

“This is bad! We lost control of the divine lantern!”

The guardian elders screamed out when they discovered the chains were cut off.

“Protect the divine lantern!”

The next moment, the eight elders, at the same time, performed hand seals, shooting out golden seals in the direction of the Greater One Divine Lantern, and the surroundings of the Greater One Divine Lantern was covered by a faint golden light canopy.

The Greater One Divine Lantern was revealed before him again.

“Success!”

Overjoyed, Ye Qingyu reached out to grasp the Greater One Divine Lantern.

In a moment he will have grabbed hold of the edge of the lantern and rescued Yu Xiaoxing from the inside.

However, when his hands caught the edge of the divine lantern, a strange change occurred——

Puo!

Like a small bubble had suddenly been popped and disappeared in the void, the lotus-shaped lantern that was exuding a faint blue light suddenly dimmed and vanished in the air!

Together with Yu Xiaoxing.

As if everything was a mirage.

Ye Qingyu was startled for a moment.

The next second, he understood everything.

“This is bad! It's an illusion, a trap!”

Ye Qingyu knew he had been fooled.

On the faces of the eight guardian elders, the panic expression suddenly faded, turning into a sneer. As Ye Qingyu reached out to grasp the Greater One Divine Llantern, they did not advance closer, instead flew back to a distance of a hundred meters away from the Greater One Divine Lantern. Their figures flickered and changed. The eight people once again stood in formation.

A new formation that was already planned was appearing again.

The silver formation markings underfoot were shining with a dangerous aura, like silver snakes winding around their feet, and in the void within a hundred meters was a cobweb-like bizarre formation emerging.

Ye Qingyu stretched out from the center of this strange formation!

At the same time, the space within a hundred meters was suddenly distorting.

Like ripples, tens of Greater One Sect experts exuding dangerous auras were beginning to appear.

These people had long been hiding in the void, and after appearing, each person’s body was faintly flashing with silver formation markings, which linked together with the formation seals of the eight elders.

The surrounding space was instantly completely isolated.

Even if he was faster, there was no way he could escape from such a confined space.

Trapped in the formation, Ye Qingyu was trembling with fear. He attempted to operate the [Ghost Shadow of Hell] body technique to escape; however, it seemed as if the space within the formation had solidified. He activated the body technique to its peak state, transforming into a virtual shadow that flickered and constantly changed in the formation, but simply could not break out, as though time and space had both been frozen.

“It's a trap... Bad!”

Ye Qingyu gritted his teeth...

“Hahaha, you fell into our trap!”

“Who are you? How dare you save the evil member of Heaven Wasteland?”

“Hey? It's Tian Huang... When did the Thunder and Lightning Sect collude with the evil members of Heaven Wasteland?” A guardian elder recognized Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu, who had lost his speed concealment, was instantly recognized in such a space.

“Why ask him so many questions, kill him!”

Someone yelled out.

The Greater One Sect hated the Thunder and Lightning Sect to the bone, and naturally did not have any good opinions of Tian Huang.

The eight guardian elders were incessantly activating yuan qi outside of the formation, and the dozens of masters within the formation were erupting with qi, constantly attacking different locations of the formation with a strange rhythm.

Ye Qingyu’s figure flickered as he depended on the technique [Ghost Shadow of Hell] to evade the constant onslaughts.

But the effect of the [Ghost Shadow of Hell] was also weakened within this formation, and he was almost struck by the seemingly disorderly and chaotic attacks several times.

While constantly dodging the attacks, Ye Qingyu sensed the aura of the Greater One Divine Lantern again.

At a high altitude of beyond a thousand meters.

The Greater One Divine Lantern appeared once again!

“That’s is the real Greater One Divine Lantern!” Ye Qingyu finally understood.

Within the divine lantern, Yu Xiaoxing, who have had her five senses sealed, wore a calm expression on her face, sitting quietly like a weak white flower, drawing pity from others——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 562:


581 - True Identity



"This Heaven Wasteland is a tumour. We must use this opportunity to exterminate them at their roots, and completely annihilate them."

Seeing this scene, the killing intent of the Greater One Spiritual Master that was far off in the distance was greatly aroused.

Previously, Ye Qingyu had displayed a breathtaking performance on the Storm Platform. The speed at which he moved just then had even shocked a huge pillar like the Greater One Spiritual Master. He could sense, that if he let Tian Huang escape, then when this young man grew up in the future, he would definitely pose a massive threat to the Greater One Sect.

But why was it that Tian Huang wanted to save Yu Xiaoxing?

At the first instant, the Greater One Spiritual Master instinctively felt that it was also because the Thunder and Lightning Sect felt interest towards the Heaven Wasteland Domain. The reason Tian Huang did such a thing was because he wanted to obtain the space time market of this new domain.

This really was too dangerous.

He had nearly succeeded.

Thankfully, the sect had long made preparations beforehand, otherwise the consequences did not bear thinking about.

As he realized this, the Greater One Spiritual Master was filled with cold sweat.

He had created a trap using the Greater One Divine Lantern. Using the power of this divine lantern, he had hidden the Greater One Divine Lantern high up in the air above.  It was above the floating peak, and could create illusionary shadows down below. This was not only to have precautions against the remnants of Heaven Wasteland, it was also to prevent other sects from suddenly acting out and attempting to take it. Once someone cut off the chains that were used to suspend the Greater One Divine Lantern, then they would immediately activate the trap that had already been arranged. Even if it was an expert at the peak of the Heaven Ascension stage that came to save Yu Xiaoxing, they would not be able to flee!

Boom!Boom!Boom!

In this chaotic onslaught, the space a hundred meters around the sealed space nearly transformed into an area of death.

Ye Qingyu reliled on the speed of the Nether Speed Shadow technique, constantly evading and dodging from the impossible.

The eight guardian elders increasingly became shocked.

The footwork techniques of this young man was far too strange. Even repeated attacks were of no use. if it were some other location, he would have long escaped with no trace. Thankfully, under the arrangement of the sealed formation, this daring young man had long been completely sealed within the formation. There was no way he could escape.

"Young man! To dare to come to the Greater One Sect to take someone away! Just what are you planning?!" a guardian elder shouted in anger.

Just what was this young man called Tian Huang plotting?

Each of the eight guardian elders of the Greater One Sect had such a question in their hearts.

"The person who had just incited the explosion of the Spirit vein underneath the Greater One Sect was you! You deserve to die over ten thousand times over!"

"You planned carefully and meticulously when you were in the Greater One Sect. Just who are you, what do you want to do!"

The eight guardian elders also acted without any mercy. They all shouted, wanting to disturb Ye Qingyu's concentration.

At this time.

In a far off mountain peak, the Xiao Yunlong who sensed the power that exploded from Tian Huang's body, was so shocked that he was as fearful as a deflated dog. Many expressions kept appearing. Looking at Ye Qingyu's figure flickering in the formation, his gaze was dumbfounded. After ten breaths of time, he suddenly realized something. He involuntarily began loudly screeching, "It's him! I understand! It must be him!"

Xiao Yunlong was like he was mad, everyone around him glancing at him.

"It's him! It must be him! It's Ye Qingyu! He is the surviving member from Heaven Wasteland Domain! What young master Tian Huang, what Thunder and Lightning Sect, it's all fake... he is definitely Ye Qingyu!!!!"  Xiao Yunlong screamed out loud like he was crazy.

He could not be counted as stupid, having finally recognized Ye Qingyu's true identity.

As these words were said, everyone was shaken!

"What! He is the surviving member from Heaven Wasteland?"

"Tian Huang? Heaven Wasteland Domain! It must be like so!" [TN Note: Tian Huang literally means Heaven Wasteland].

"Heavens! He really dared to appear in Greater One Sect!“

"Since he is the other surviving member from Heaven Wasteland Domain, then he must know the domain marker for Heaven Wasteland Domain!"“

"If we are able to catch him...“

"With your abilities? You want to capture him? Do you not see that the eight guardian elders can only restrain him?"

"That's right, they can't even capture a piece of Tian Huang. For you to want to capture him? You really are dreaming!"

As for those sects and experts that had not yet retreated, their hearts were in turmoil. Looking at the Ye Qingyu that was in the distance, there was an inexplicable expression in their eyes.

"No... this can't be, young master Tian Huang... he really is a remnant from Heaven Wasteland Domain, Ye Qingyu?" The senior sister of the Hundred Spirits Sect Shen Menghua was stunned, her heart conflicted.

The hand that was lying by the side of Shen Menghua's body unconsciously began to clench tight.

If Tian Huang was really one of the people from Heaven Wasteland Domain that Greater One Sect had mentioned, then the forces in this event today would definitely not let him go. Because his identity, for the forces of the Clear River Domain that were here today, was far too sensitive. Everyone wanted to obtain a part from the Heaven Wasteland Domain! In such a situation, how would it be possible for him to solve the predicament of the Hundred Spirits Sect?

Not to mention help, it would be extremely difficult for him to save himself!

From a distance away, Hua Wulei and Nangong Jue’s hearts quivered at the same time.

The two subconsciously exchanged a glance. They were able to see the thoughts in each others eyes, but then suppressed the desire back down.

The leader of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was also taken aback, all his expression hidden behind his mask.

The aura of the successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect that was standing behind him was disturbed nearly imperceptibly at that instant. In the blink of an eye, it once again reverted to stillness. It was only that there was an inexplicable feeling with which he regarded Ye Qingyu in the distance with.

On the Storm Platform.

Hearing the words of Xiao Yunlong, the Greater One Spiritual Master's complexion also changed.

At that instant, it was as if he suddenly realized something. Both his hands formed seals, and a golden light shot out from his palms into the Clear Sky Mirror high up in the air.

The Clear Sky Mirror faintly shuddered, then adjusted directions. The golden light shot towards the direction of Ye Qingyu.

The Clear Sky Mirror could see through all illusions. Even with the exquisite  camouflage skills of the Old Fish, it had been able to unearth his true situation. It seemed like it was shining towards the Storm Platform, but in truth it was shining on the Old Fish. Therefore Ye Qingyu's original form had not been discovered. This time, the Greater One Spiritual Master willed it deliberately, and instantly caused the outer appearance of Ye Qingyu to undergo a massive change.

The Greater One Spiritual Master's gaze instantly focused on Ye Qingyu.

Under the ray of the Clear Sky Mirror, Ye Qingyu's outer appearance transformed. All the muscles around his entire body slowly changed shape, his dark skin color gradually watering down as well as his height gradually increasing.

In less than a breath of time, Ye Qingyu had recovered his true appearance!

One could see him wearing a white-coloured robe, without a speck of dust on it. His long black hair that fell to his waist was tied behind his back. His face was like a jade crown, his eyes like bright stars. With divine charms, he was handsome. In a rapid speed, they were able to pry into his true appearance. It was absolutely different from his previous form of Tian Huang.

The looks of Ye Qingyu caused everyone to be taken aback.

No one had imagine that the dark skinned and average looking Tian Huang would have such a handsome and heroic true appearance!

"Hmph! So it really is one of the remnants of Heavenly Monarch Pavilion. That day, on the Heavenly Monarch Pavilion, I saw this little beast before!" The leader of the Bright Moon Peak was able to recognize Ye Qingyu at the first instant.

As these words were said, all the suspicions that people had towards Xiao Yunlong’s accusations were all erased.

"He really is one of the remnants from Heaven Wasteland Domain!""

"This person really is fearless and daring!

"There was originally a path of escape for him, but he insisted on crashing against the blade of the Greater One Sect. Is this not seeking his own death?"

"Perhaps he has some card up his sleeve that he had not shown yet. We still have to observe and see."

"Even if he has a card up his sleeve, what can he do when he is imprisoned by the guardian elders of the Greater One Sect?"

In the air high up.

Ye Qingyu coldly snorted, not saying anything.

Since his identity had already been exposed, Ye Qingyu no longer needed to conceal his power.

In a split second, Ye Qingyu activated the power of lightning. A pale violet-coloured lighting encircled around Ye Qingyu, as if it was of solid form. Slowly, it solidified into a purple-coloured armour of lightning. The violent power of lightning exploded from Ye Qingyu's aura. His figure flickered, and in the formation in the air, there were only purple-coloured shadows that were able to be seen, as if he was a ghost!

"Deceitful fellow, to dare destroy the mountains of the Greater One Sect. You deserve to die ten thousand times over!" When the Greater One Spiritual Master realized Ye Qingyu's identity, he was instantly able to understand the worth of this young man. It was even higher than Yu Xiaoxing. In the first instant, he transformed into flowing light, appearing in the skies above. From high above, he surveyed the Ye Qingyu who was trapped in the formation, his voice like rumbling divine thunder exploding in the air.

"Ye Qingyu! If you do not resist and allow yourself to be captured, I can give you a road to life. If you continue to resist, then don't blame me for being cruel!"

"Allow myself to be captured?"

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly.

"Then after being captured? I'll be like Xing'er, where I'll be interrogated and tortures by shameless and hypocritical people like you, so you can obtain the marker of the Heaven Wasteland Domain?"

His gaze was sharp as he faced the elders with ferocious aura and divine tools in their hands."

"Previously, when your Greater One Sect disciples ran away from the Demon Spider Race to Heaven Wasteland Domain, it was the people of Snow Empire of Heaven Wasteland Domain that aided them. We fought against the people of the Demon Spider Race who chased after them, and managed to escort them back to you."

Ye Qingyu's eyes were like two rays of sharp piercing blades that shot towards the Xiao Yunlong and the others on the floating peak slightly above the ground.

Xiao Yunlong's gaze was conflicted. He looked at the Ye Qingyu who was like a trapped beast, that seemed as if he was dead for sure, there was a guilty colour in his eyes.

Ye Qingyu turned to look at the Greater One Spiritual Master, as well as the two Spirit masters next to him. There was a mocking smile that appeared on his lips.

"In the end, I became an evil person who attacked and hurt those Greater One Sect disciples. You people really are shameless."

Seeing those guardian elders that itched to act, as well as those old elders who trapped him within, the rage and anger in his heart could not be suppressed any longer. It unendingly exploded out.

"At the beginning, I could not believe this. As one of the great sects of the Human Race, it should not be like so. Looking at the the way your Greater One Sect have planned and schemed, the way you twist and alter the truth, I finally realized that you are just a group of bandits."

Under extreme rage, Ye Qingyu did not lash out but laughed.

"Hahaha, for a sect like you, you are the greatest tumour of Clear River Domain. You should be eradicated..."

The Greater One Spiritual Master looked at the Ye Qingyu in front of him, laughing madly, his attitude arrogant. He could not help but be enraged, hating the fact he could not utterly annihilate him.

"Capture him!"

The Greater One Spiritual Master ordered, not letting Ye Qingyu have any more opportunity to open his mouth.

Before he had finished.

There were several other elders that acted at the same time.

There was a berserk and violent qi that swept over. All sorts of divine tools that fell as light tore apart the air and clouds.

Although they acted with vicious moves, they did not plan to take Ye Qingyu's life.

After realizing Ye Qingyu's true identity, the Greater One Sect wanted to immediately capture Ye Qingyu alive. The most important reason was that there was not any Imperial qi on him.

Therefore, obtaining the space time marker of the Heaven Wasteland Domain from him, would be much easier than from the Yu Xiaoxing trapped in the lantern.





© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 563:


On the Storm Platform.

Liu Shaji, Nan Tieyi, and Hu Bugui were currently entangled in battles with the other Patriarch’s of the sect. Their situation was precarious and not positive. At this period in time, they had absolutely no way of breaking free and saving Ye Qingyu.

The situation was extremely negative towards Ye Qingyu and the others. They were in a completely defensive state.

At this time---

"Haha, brother Wuhen, let me lend you a hand."

From the south west skies, there was suddenly a sound that carried with it the aura of an endless ocean.

Nangong Jue's body was completely covered in golden light, like he was a deity armoured in gold. Transforming into a stream of light, he broke through the light barrier and headed towards the direction of Ye Qingyu.

Boom!

As he acted, a gigantic golden hand covered tightly with formations grabbed towards Ye Qingyu, like it was the claws of a Fiendgod.

At the same time----

"Haha, Sky Demon Palace is also willing to do it's part.”

In the skies, there was a clear male voice that sounded.

The Hua Wulei of Sky Demon Palace also acted at the same time.

The Sky Demon qi was tyrannic. Five or six dark air currents whistled through the air. Like five gigantic snakes that could swallow demons, it swept towards the direction of Ye Qingyu.

The two giant figures, both decided to act at the same time.

They had first coldly observed the battle, and waited for the opportune moment before deciding to act. Evidently, they were not here to aid the Greater One Sect, but mainly wanted to take control of Ye Qingyu.

Right not everyone present knew cleary in their own hearts. As long as they could obtain Ye Qingyu, they would be able to obtain the space market of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At this time, every major sect would act for their own benefit. They would no longer care about Greater One Sect's face, and to maintain the beneficial relationship between these parties.

The scene became even more chaotic at this time.

In the sky.

"Hmph, you have stepped over the line....The Greater One Sect can solve this problem on it's own, we don't need anyone to help."

The Greater One Spiritual Master's gaze was sharp, killing intent being aroused inside.

“Clear Sky Mirror…!"

As he shouted loudly, his hands lifted the Clear Sky Mirror high up. He activated that divine light, and arranged layers of light barriers. He wanted to keep Nangong Jue and Hua Wulei away.

The hazy bronze divine light from the Clear Sky Mirror immediately enveloped them from all directions.

"Haha, brother Wulei you don't need to be too courteous. Our Nangong family should help... Life Map!"”

Nangong family laughed loudly.

With a thought, the fan in his hand swiped around in the air. The map on the fan swirled, ultimately transforming into a pitch black ink-coloured ancient divine map.

This map had white jade as the roller for the calligraphy scroll, and on the roller there were two dragons intertwined and coiled together, with two sparkling red rubies for eyes.

The dragon eyes were currently exploding with two exceptional red light, like fresh blood.

The scroll was slightly yellow, and the contents of the scroll were the landscape of the mountains and rivers of ancient times.

On the landscape of mountains and rivers, there were ancient beasts of all forms and shapes scattered and spread all over the place.

At this time, it was as if the ancient beasts had come alive on this ancient landscape.

The woods of the forest began growing, the water of the rivers began fluctuating. On it, there were countless ancients beasts that began moving, howling and roaring.

Everytime one of the ancient divine beasts roared in the scroll. The reverberations were a sound wave that spread out from within the scroll. The sound was enough to completely shroud the wild beasts and birds deep within the forests and mountains within the Greater One Sect.

The sound wave spread. Those people that were spectating far away covered their ears and fled, but those slower disciples immediately had blood leaking out from their seven apertures, falling to the floor and twitching.

It was as if the stone and mountains on the scroll had come alive. They all left the scroll and shot out. Everyone present felt their conscious being firmly pressed and held down.

Under such a pressing force, the earth quaked. There were many fractures and crevices that appeared on the ground.

This was namely the most precious divine weapon of the Nangong family ---Life Map.

The Palace Master of Sky Demon Palace, Hua Wulei was also within the range of attack. In a blink, he dodged, flashing and heading towards a mountain peak.

"The Eye of the Demon God!”

Hua Wulei let out a loud shout.

A golden ball appeared from his right hand that was slowly unfolding.

This golden ball’s outer shape was like a resplendent sun in the night sky.

The bright and perfectly round sphere unendingly let out golden rays of light, layer after layer in a continuous halo reverberating out. The air shook, trembling as if it had become became granules of solid form.

Suddenly there was a golden pillar that exploded from within the golden-coloured eyeball to the skies. The huge pillar pierced through the clouds, going straight to the Ninth Heavens.

Above the clouds, anything that touched this pillar of light ,would instantly be annihilated. There was mist floating amidst the dust that was like needles, countless of them, like after an explosion.

This Eye of the Demon God, was once an eyeball of an ancient Quasi Emperor from the ancient times. After the Quasi Emperor perished, they had taken it's eye from its body, refined it, and created a sacred tool. In these thousands of years, it had became the most precious divine tool of Sky Demon Palace.

Boom!

Bang!

The terrifying noise of yuan qi clashing against each other sounded.

The bronze divine light of the Clear Sky Mirror was struck by the golden pillar of the Eye of the Demon God. It was immediately like the surface of a lake in the rain, endlessly surging. It extended continuously towards the ground, sparks flying everywhere, rocks turning into magma.

The sound waves emitting from the Life Map as well as the mountain illusion from the bronze divine light and the golden pillar collided. There was immediately an explosion that caused the sealed space as well as entire sky to and earth to unceasingly shake. The formation on the sealed space began rapidly moving and shaking.

Clear Sky Mirror, Life Map, Eye of the Demon God. These three saintly weapons struck at the same time. The light and aura from the collision was enough to cause life on the earth to perish, grass, wood, mountains and stone instantly turning into ashes.

The deep and vast aura from the saintly tools emanated throughout the entire Greater One Sect. The clouds and wind rapidly changed, lighting intersecting each other, the rumble of thunder deafening.

The areas that were within thousands of meters of the clash from the divine tools instantly began collapsing and turning into ashes. In the air, there were unexpectedly crevices and cracks that appeared, and lightning sparks that appeared from friction.

The sects that originally surrounded outside the dome all began escaping and fleeing.

With such forces clashing, if they were not careful and was hit with one of the fluctuations, then even an expert at the Immortal Step boundary would be heavily injured.

Those Bitter Sea  and Heaven Ascension stage elders and disciples who were slightly too slow were as if they were sealed and could not moved. The next instant they exploded and turned into ashes.

The air was filled with a mountain of dust and a bloody stench, the situation completely chaotic.

……

On the Storm Platform.

The scales of victory began tipping towards the direction of the Greater One Sect.

Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi after all had cultivated for less years. Within the younger generation, they were the top level experts, but to contend against the older generation was after all too much. Their yuan qi was expended heavily, and they were at a disadvantage.

Liu Shaji, who used the White Lotus sword to defend, also began to show signs of weakness. His defense was no longer as impenetrable as it was initially.

In this period of time, the three people on the Storm Platform were all in danger.

And it was at this time that a change which no one had expected at all also appeared.

Boom!Boom!Boom!

Boom!Boom!Boom!

Boom!Boom!Boom!

Three massive sound waves exploded, like an explosion echoing in a valley. The entire Storm Platform also began shaking minutely.

The entire heavens were shaking.

What was happening?

Everyone that was participating in the chaotic battle on the Storm Platform or up above in the air did not lessen their attacks in the slightest. Their killing moves still struck out, but a questioning look appeared in their eyes.

"Hahahaha."

Mad laughter

On the west skies, a gigantic black cloud appeared from out of nowhere. With rapid speed it swept over, the fierce qi like mad raging waves .It instantly enshrouded half the skies, as if night had suddenly descended. Within it, there were some shrill and piercing sinister laughter------

"Who would have thought those people who would normally declare themselves righteous and honourable would have internal conflicts... haha, this is Heaven's will. It was fated that your corpses will be scattered in the while. Hahaha, Feng Wuhen, today is the day that your Greater One Sect will perish."

There was a voice that sounded out from the cloud that Ye Qingyu and the Greater One Spiritual Master was incomparably familiar with.

Within the black cloud and mist, there were shreds of demonic qi.

The demonic qi was like it had solid form, infecting the surrounding clouds around it. The originally pure and white clouds were completely dyed black by the invasion of the demonic qi. In the blink of an eye, the entire Heavens were shrouded by that black demonic qi. There was no sunlight, and the world was immediately dimmed into a piece of darkness. It was like everyone was being plunged into a long night. Amidst the dark clouds that were as dim as ink, there was a gigantic spider-like figure faintly discernible.

"It's the Demon Spider Race!"

There were people that began shouting with fear.

The Demon Spider Race.

The Demon Spider Race had appeared.

There was an evil demonic voice sounding out from the black cloud. It was like a bomb had gone off in the battlefield that was busy chaotically fighting and killing.

Everyone was able feel a surging demonic qi at the same time within the clouds and wind.

Those people that were currently in battle suddenly stopped their movements. They lifted their heads to look at the black cloud in the west.

In the skies.

It was as if in this moment, the black cloud at the sky's edge was constantly sucking in the white cloud. It rapidly expanded and spread.

The next moment, the black cloud was like a tsunami soaring through the heavens amidst a hurricane, overturning the seas and earth. it arrived in an instant.

The cloud constantly began to consolidate, curling and boiling, becoming larger and larger, shrouding the heavens and the sun.

The originally blue sky that was so clear like it had been washed was abruptly filled with black clouds everywhere. A vicious aura surged in the world, turning everything into night.

The vast aura in the air was like an avalanche or the raging sea. Under this, everyone was able to sense an unprecedented pressure.

This sort of darkness did not let through any wind whatsoever. People even felt it difficult to breath, as if the apocalypse had arrived.

The golden light that emitted from the dome that the Greater One Sect had created slowly faded.

The formations on the light barrier was slowly devoured by the black mist. It invaded bit by bit, slowly turning lifeless and colourless.

"Hahaha, to think that there would be such chaos within the Greater One Sect. The Heavens are really helping me... to eradicate the Greater One Sect. Hahaha!"“

Amidst the sharp piercing shrill laughter that was like a night's owl cry, a gigantic black demonic spider's claw that was as dark as ink extended from the black demonic cloud. There was tight clusters of red hair that was like blood red steel blades, sharp and bloody. One look was enough to cause one's soul to quiver, as if a demonic killing being from the ancient times had appeared once again.

The huge claw extended towards several formation warships in the skies, and lightly clenched together.

Bang!

An explosion occurred that was enough to shake the mountains and rivers.

These Greater One Sect formation airships that had been reinforced by top level formations shattered as soon as it was touched by this gigantic claw.

The air was suddenly filled with millions of pieces the remnants of the formation airships. There were some Greater One Sect disciples that did not manage to escape in time and turned into bloody pieces of meat.

"Hahaha!“

An abnormal and tragic strange laughter sounded out from within the black cloud.

There was a layer of blood red that suddenly emitted from the edges of the cloud. The red colour slowly devoured the black cloud bit by bit, the scene in the skies becoming even more abnormal.

The cloud layers that were interlaced with red gradually began to thin. A Demon Spider figure that was enough to encompass all the eight Lotus Peak’s appeared in front of everyone.

"Not good, its the Demon Spider army!"

The complexion of the Greater One Spiritual Master rapidly changed. The Clear Sky Mirror in his hands shined over.

The Demon Spider beast was surrounded by an endless black cloud of demonic qi, as if the divine light could not affect it at all.

There were millions of soldiers from the Demon Spider army on the back of this demonic beast. There were hundreds of battle drums that beat at the same time, shaking the entire mountains, it's force frightening.

"Greater One hypocrite, we meet again."

There was a slightly chubby young man that was on the back of the Demon Spider wearing a pure black outer robe. He was laughingly looking at the Greater One Spiritual Master whose expression had greatly altered.

This was namely the young Prince that Ye Qingyu had encountered when he had just arrived to the Clear River Domain.

He laughingly evaluated his surroundings. Ultimately, his gaze fell on the Ye Qingyu that was imprisoned within that small space.

Eh?

The strength of this little kid had advanced compared to when he had previously just met him.

Without knowing why, the chubby-faced Prince had a deep impression of Ye Qingyu.

"Hahaha, Feng Wuhen, today is the day that your Greater One Sect is eradicated." Another tall and slender youth, both his eyes narrow and thin, hi skin emitting a luster, a Demon Spider prince stared at the Greater One Spiritual Master. He let out a strange ghost-like   laughter: "Children, kill them for me. Kekekeke, kill all these lowly and scum-like humans. Today we are going to kill!"

As he spoke.

There were the roars and howls of demon spiders filling the sky.

On the Demon Spider beast that was like a mountain range, there were countless soldiers of the Demon Spider army. They charged forward, transforming into streams of black light advancing forward to sweep the Greater One Sect.

There was also other several giant demon beast behind the demon spider beast. On these giant demon beasts, there was respectively the demon bull race, the demon rhino race as well as the demon scorepion race leaders, elders and their army. They followed behind the Demon Spider race princes and charged in the direction of the Greater One Sect.

There was a mad roar of rage that suddenly emitted a black cloud that was just a hundred meters above the ground. Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled, the sound deafening. Hundreds of warships fanned out.

The black warships looked somewhat old, releasing a blood red light and advancing forward uniformly. They passed through the light dome barrier and went above the air of the Storm Platform.

On the warships ,there were figures that wore black armour that did not seem to show any signs of life. It was like they were an illusion, like it was a spirit. There were only two rays of light that shone out from their eyes.

Boom!

There was layer after layer of a black halos that shot out from the warships to all the surroundings. It was like a ripple that sent out wave after wave of fluctuations.

These myriad of warships completely surrounded the warships of the Greater One Sect. Under the invasion of the black mist, the Greater One Sect warships at the edge was immediately infected by this demonic qi, dissolving.

There were countless flying demonic beats that suddenly surged out from below these warships, fiercely roaring and howling. Their large and blood mouths had drool that was like glue splattering everywhere, as if they wanted to devour the entire world.

The Demon Spider Race army that Demon Spider Prince led had the momentum of an army that would sweep everything away.

A killing battle began just like that, at a time that no one expected.

The surroundings around the Storm Platform was like a fearsomely hot blood prison.

The blood spread everywhere in the Greater One Sect. Howls filled the entire area.

It was not only the disciples of the Greater One Sect. There were countless other disciples from other sects in the Clear River Domain that began to be attacked without any discrimination.

Those humans that had been killed by the army of the Demon Race were thrown casually in the air, then devoured by those somewhat impatient demon beasts as they opened their mouths wide.

A beast that did not catch a corpse in time, it's sharp teeth bit into half the body, the other half of the body falling to the ground. The beast devoured half the corpse into its stomach.

Some demon beasts could not even wait for them to be tossed human corpses. After a brief while, they roared and charged towards the direction the humans were fleeing.

From far off.

The Greater One Spiritual Master, upon seeing this scene, had scarlet eyes of rage. In his eyes was a berserk killing intent.

"Monster, die!"

Before he had finished.

Xiu

The Greater One Spiritual Master activated the Clear Sky Mirror, it's bronze light piercing through the sky. Everywhere it shown, countless Demon Spiders began screaming tragically like they were being burned with fire. They turned into ashes.

But there were far too many Demon Spiders. Even with the Greater One Spiritual Master's strength, even if he activated the Clear Sky Mirror, he had no way of killing it.

"Kill!"

"Protect the sect!" The expert disciples of the Greater One Sect, at this time, also all rose to the air and charged towards the Demon Race.

The scene had gotten extremely chaotic.

"Even the Demon Spider Race has arrived? They've evidently planned this long in advance."

Nangong Jue stabilized the Life Map, his complexion becoming sharp. "Brother Wuhen, today I will first fight the Demon Spider Race. I'll settle the grievances with you later in the future."

As the family head of the Nangong family, he instantly made such a decision. He no longer entangled himself with the Greater One Spiritual Master, and activated the Life Map and struck towards the Demon Spider army in the air.

The little boy carrying a jade flute, as well as an elder of the Nangong family that was originally waiting outside the domed formation, saw Nangong Jue's action and instantly realized what the family head meant. Without any hesitation whatsoever, they turned into a multicoloured light and followed him. They entered into the battlefield resisting against the Demon Spider Race.

After all, the Nangong family was also a force of the Human Race.

But the Sky Demon Palace did not choose to do such a thing.

"Hehe, this has become even more interesting.”

The Sky Demon Palace Master had a smile that was not a smile. His handsome lips curled up.

He pointed and drew in the air, a strange power activating, and took back the Eye of the Demon God. Stepping on the green flames. In a moment he appeared in the sealed space the people of Sky Demon Palace were in.

Also at the same time, there was suddenly a sword will rumbling in the skies.

Two solo figures appeared in the battlefield.

It was the master and disciple of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

The sect leader of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect did not have any expression on his face after his mask was removed. But there was a killing intent aroused in his eyes. His black hair was flying, his clothes flapping in the wind. An invisible sword will power was powerfully dominating in the air, sharp and vicious. His entire person was like a devastating demon sword, his aura so cold it could not help but make one shiver.

"Old Heaven Devastator, bring your precious disciple and run far off. Perhaps then I will spare your two useless lifes."

In the chaotic battle, a Demon Spider Prince let out an extremely horrifying voice. He gave a warning to the sect leader of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect. His voice was like thunder echoing in an empty valley, unceasing.

"Hmph, just when did the Demon Spider Race dare to speak to me."

the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect leader let out a snort.

Xiu!

His hands formed seals, and the divine demon Supine Moon Sword behind his back was awakened and flew out.

The next instant, he held the sword in his hands.

The sword light was like the sun, suddenly increasing rapidly. Then he moved casually, his sword striking out from top to bottom.

An inexplicable scene appeared.

Everywhere the sword light passed, the air was like it was a piece of fabric being torn and sliced apart into two. The pitch black cloud in the air suddenly let out a tragic scream. The black cloud was torn and shattered by this sword qi, and there were suddenly clouds in the world that rapidly moved, switching forms mysteriously. There was a massive sword illusion that seemed to be at the peak of the clouds that was born, like it was real, it's silver luster like the apocalypse was about to arrive.

This huge sword glimmer sliced apart everything within the world in the air.

The black clouds that was originally able to enshroud the skies and sun suddenly had a fracture that opened within it that stretched to the boundaries of the skies.

A saintly white light was born from this fracture.

The light was bright and resplendent. Through the crevice in the black clouds, it shined onto the bloody and chaotic battlefield. It was as if this moment the gates of hell had been opened.

The sword shadow did not fade in the air. The incomparably sharp sword will ran rampant. Everywhere it passed, no matter how strong or weak the Demon Race life form was, they transformed into ashes and dust at nearly an instant

Everywhere in the area near the sword qi, the experts of the Demon Race were completely annihilated.

"Old Heaven Devastator, you really dare to strike against me... The Demon Spider Race cannot exist together with you!" The Demon Spider Race prince that had previously spoken let out a shrill roar of rage, his face turning vicious and berserk. With his finger as a blade, he cut apart his wrist ,and there was suddenly an extremely slender silver strand that appeared from within his blood vessels.

This strand constantly emitted from the wound, and formed a gigantic silver net in the air.

The gigantic net was like it was as light as a cicada, floating in the air. It instantly enshrouded and wrapped around that gigantic white sword qi.

"Demon Net of the Heavenly Realm... hmph, petty tricks!"

There was a shred of disdain that appeared in the eyes of the leader of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect.

The great battle of absolute experts, began just like so ------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 564:


583 - Where did this dog come from



On the Storm Platform.

The skies were in complete chaos and confusion, but the heavily injured Liu Shaji, Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui, finally received a brief moment of time to recuperate.

They lifted their heads and looked towards the skies, looking at the figures that held divine tools in their hands, the people of the Greater One Sect and the Demon Race killing constantly. Their brows locked into a frown.

Since the situation had turned into this, it had already exceeded the boundaries of what they had initially expected.

……

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

In the south east skies.

The Ye Qingyu that was originally sealed within the space also had a change that occurred to him.

What was different from the others was that the appearance of the Demon Spider Race was something that he had originally expected.

It was only that he did not expect the Demon Spider Race to spend such great efforts, and mobilize such a terrifying army. It was not only the Demon Spider Race, but also the other great Demon Races. Evidently they had planned to conquer and strike against the Greater One Sect for a long time, and wanted to exterminate all the human sects all at once.

Seeing the chaotic battlefield, and the humans that constantly died, Ye Qingyu could not help but sigh in his heart.

Such a matter was utterly out of his control.

If he previously gave a warning to the Greater One Sect that the Demon Spider Race might invade, then his own fate would perhaps be even more tragic than what it would be right now -----and not only him, but the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, would most likely be engulfed by the ambition of the Greater One Sect, and be buried along with the chaos of war of the Clear River Domain. This was a price that Ye Qingyu had no way of accepting.

Everything before him was after all only the internal struggles of Clear River Domain.

He did not need to hold responsibility for such killings.

The most important thing for him right now was to rescue Xing'er.

Since Ye Qingyu had decided, he was no longer distracted. He madly activated the Nether Ghost Body technique, and avoided against the attacks of the Guardian Elders. His hands constantly activated the True Will of the Sky Dragon as well as the power of lightning.

HIs fists struck on the walls of the sealed space, like a dragon striking upon cotton.

Everywhere the fists shadow passed by, there was a thin layer for formation golden glimmer of seals that was released on the walls of the sealed space that would shine. The next instant it would fade and disappear.

The eight great Guardian Elders did not dare act carelessly at all. The strength that this remnant of Heaven Wasteland had demonstrated had shocked them all utterly to the core. They could not help but fully activate the power of the formation, afraid that Ye Qingyu would really escape. If that happened, then it really would be troublesome.

Everyone's attention was attracted by this chaotic battle, the storm platform and on Ye Qingyu.

But at this time, an inexplicable change occurred.

The Greater One Divine Lantern high up in the air was as if something had occurred to it. The Clear Lotus flame began to fade, and the translucent green light began to disappear also!

A two-person-tall, large white dog, had appeared within the interior of the Greater One Divine Lantern, looking sneaky and furtive. On his big furry head, his black eyes were staring at the Yu Xiaoxing within the Greater One Divine Lantern, a furtive expression that would only be associated with humans.

Evidently, this was the Little Nine that had disappeared without a trace since the beginning of the Storm Sword Meeting!

"Not good! Just where did this big dog come from!"

"This... how is this possible?"

A Guardian Elder discovered the existence of Little Nine.

There were several elders that were instantly dumbfounded.

This was absolutely unbelievable.

The Greater One Divine Lantern was nearly connected to the hearts. Not to mention entering  into inside, even if someone of the Immortal Step boundary neared a hundred metres to the Greater One divine Lantern, they would instantly be able to sense it. Therefore, that was the reason why the Greater One Sect could rest assured as they imprisoned Yu Xiaoxing within and the reason why they used an illusion of the Greater One Divine Lantern to lay a trap.

But just what was this situation?

Why would there be such a great country bumpkin dog that would appear within the Divine Lantern?

In the time of a spark, before Yu Xiaoxing could react, the silly dog Little Nine leapt to Yu Xiaoxing’s side. Using his big furry head, he placed Yu Xiaoxing onto his own back, then ran away immediately. Like he was passing through an invisible water barrier, he easily came out from the Greater One Divine Lantern.

"Woof woof!" The dog intentionally stopped and let out two barks, attracting the attention of everyone.

Then this fellow intentionally turned around to regard the eight Guardian Elders. He let out a mischievous smile, his face filled with a human-like expression - completely filled with mockery and disdain.

It was like the eight Guardian Elders had been struck by lightning.

They had absolutely no way of comprehending the scene before them.

One could imagine, that they would absolutely not forget this scene for the rest of their lives. They would also not forget that sneaky and thief-like expression on that white dog's face.

"Haha, old bastards, bye, woof!" The silly dog let out a mischievous smile, then turned into a stream of white light. Using a route and trajectory that seemed without pattern or reason, he carried Yu Xiaoxing away from the Greater One Divine Lantern.

"Quickly block it, don't allow it to bring the demon girl away!" A Guardian Elder exclaimed.

The eight Guardian Elders were also in a panic at this time.

The other leaders of the various peaks that were currently engrossed in fighting with Liu Shaji and the others on the Storm Platform instantly went pale upon hearing this. They had no way of imagining just what had occurred. But they could not spare too much thought on this, and immediately disengaged from battle from the three people, turning into a stream of light that headed towards the direction of Little Nine and Yu Xiaoxing.

In the air high up.

The myriad of formations of the Greater One Divine Lantern was like nothing in front of the silly dog Little Nine.

It was as if Little Nine was passing through layer after layer of ripples. He broke through the heavily warded seal formation space, and instantly departed from the radius of the Greater One Divine Lantern. His speed even exceeded the Ye Qingyu who was utilizing the Nether Ghost Body technique.

"Hahahahaha," Seeing this, Ye Qingyu let out a loud laughter. His previously worried expression was completely swept away. He burst out laughing, "Do you think that only the Greater One Sect can plot and scheme? Laughable!"

Ye Qingyu had long predicted the Greater One Sect would leave many traps for him to fail. For him to rely on his strength alone to save Yu Xiaoxing was an absolute dream.

When he had heard that during the Sword Storm Meeting, the Greater One Sect would show off Yu Xiaoxing to everyone, he knew his chance had arrived. Therefore when he killed Chen Shaohua, he had made his determination to completely cause chaos to the Sword Storm Meeting. But the power of Old Fish's consciousness had unexpectedly exploded, so it did not get completely stirred up. He did not imagine that there would later be a Liu Shaji that would stand out. Therefore, everything had proceeded along the route that Ye Qingyu had hoped for the most.

Before the Sword Storm Meeting, he had secretly placed explosive formations in the Spirit vein underneath the Greater One Sect. When he activated the formations in the Spirit veins, he had risked himself and attracted the attention of everyone. Since the situation had become so chaotic, then all the forces around the Clear River Domain would naturally come and interfere into the situation. Since the Demon Spider Race curse mark on his arm was burning like flames, then the Demon Spider Race was definitely hiding in the shadows, waiting for an opportunity to attack!

The Sword Storm Meeting would have fish and dragons mixing together. The Greater One Sect would definitely place Yu Xiaoxing right beneath their eyelids. Therefore the Greater One Divine Lantern they saw before them must be an illusion. What Ye Qingyu needed to do was to pretend that had fallen for the trap, then use that to make them reveal the true location of the Greater One Divine Lantern. Using such a chaotic situation, Little Nine could then stealthily approach the Greater One Divine Lantern to rescue Yu Xiaoxing!

In the air high up.

Ye Qingyu did not pay the slightest of attention to these Guardianlders that had faces the colour of pig's liver.

He left out a shout, and headed towards the direction of Liu Shaji and the others on the storm platform: "Brothers, quickly, stop!"

Before he had finished.

One could see that there was a faint silver light that flashed on Ye Qingyu's body, disappearing from the formation.

The next instant he appeared thousands of meters next to Little Nine!

"What!"

"How did he escape from there!"

"This is impossible!"

"Even if the Patriarch is in the formation, he has no way of escaping! Just how did he do so!"

The eight guardian elders were completely confused.

These people did not know how to react at the first instant.

Everything they had witnessed today was far too unbelievable. Even if they have cultivated for hundreds of years, and had a rich and varied experience, they had no way of comprehending a monster-like existence like Ye Qingyu.

They had naturally not even imagined that Ye Qingyu would utilize the last card up his sleeve that was used to protect his life -------

Flash!

Thousands of meters away, Ye Qingyu jumped to the back of Little Nine and then held Yu Xiaoxing into his embrace. He spoke lightly to the ear of Yu Xiaoxing, "Xing'er, don't worry, I'll bring you away now!"

Yu Xiaoxing's five senses were sealed away, she could not sense anything that happened in the outside world. But as if their hearts were connected, on her pale wan face, there was a faint smile that appeared.

The silly dog Little Nine let out two barks, and jumped, turning into a stream of white light that brought Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing flying away.

"Not good, quickly stop them!“

"We can't let them escape!"

"Quickly chase after them!"

However, the speed of Little Nine was absolutely abnormal. The others could only stare at his back they could only hope that the thousands of layers of formation on the dome would be able to halt their progress.

The thousands of formations in front of the silly dog Little Nine was completely meaningless in front of him. The dog and the two he was carrying were able to shuttle through these multicoloured shining formations without any restrictions whatsoever, turning into a white little dot in the sky far off in the blink of an eye.

Everyone who witnessed such a scene was completely dumbfounded. At nearly the same time, every expert all had a reaction towards this.

The Greater One Spiritual Master was the very first. He did not have time to order people to take away the formations and restrictions. Forcefully, using his powerful yuan qi cultivation, he activated the Clear Sky Mirror , and continued to chase after through the thousands of layers of formations.

"We can't let the remnants of the Heaven Wasteland Domain escape. As long as we  can capture one of them, we will be able to obtain the domain marker of Heaven Wasteland Domain." There was a light that suddenly emitted from Nangong Jue's hands, the Life Map high up in the air transforming into a stream of light that struck towards the thousands of layers of formation. In a blink, there was a crevice that appeared in the formations, and Nangong Jue turned into a stream of violet light that chased after.

"Hmph, how can we let you have this alone!" Hua Wulei’s hand seals changed, an arc of lightning shooting out from the Eyes of the Demon God. It headed directly towards the formation sealed space and shot through it high up in the air, and Hua Wulei also chased after it.

"Haha, I'll also go capture one or two remnants of Heaven Wasteland Domain. Break for me!" The Demon Spider Race prince saw this, and immediately called to the other experts of the Demon Race. The black demon qi surged and rumbled, and the divine tool that was hidden amongst the demonic qi broke open the formation in but an instant. A crowd of Demon Race experts turned into a black light line that shot towards the boundary of the sky.

However, the speed of Little Nine was really too fast. The moment that Greater One Spiritual Master broke open the formation, Little Nine had already disappeared in the sky, not even leaving a trace behind.

On the Storm Platform.

The Greater One Spiritual Master left to chase after Yu Xiaoxing and Ye Qingyu. The pressure on Hu Bugui, Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi was immediately lessened.

Hu Bugui, seeing that Ye Qingyu had already managed to escape, let out a breath of relief. With a great laughter:,"Haha, that little kid can really run fast! Haha, we should retreat too!"

Saying this, Hu Bugui slapped his stomach.

A grey ball of light came out from his dantian.

Hu Bugui grabbed this ball of light in his hand, and the grey light dispersed. It was a tile piece that had unknown history.

"Can't let them escape!" The leader of the Bright Moon Peak shouted, his aura becoming even more fierce.

The killing intent of the other peak leaders were even greater.

Liu Shaji and Nan Tieyi did their best to resist and block all their attacks, in order to create time for Hu Bugui.

Hu Bugui activated his yuan qi. In but a split second, a horrifying energy exploded from that grey tile. A terrifying aura like a mountain pressing down on their heads descended, the weapons in everyone' hands constantly shaking.

The peak leaders that were attacking Hu Bugui and the others were dumbfounded.

"Just what is this!"

"For it's aura to be so powerful, even my weapons have been affected!"

"Just what sort of strange treasure is this!"

One could see the hidden golden light in Hu Bugui's flashing tile piece. In the blink of an eye, the tile transformed into a dim gold flying ship that could carry three people. Hu Bugui, Liu Shaji as well as Nan Tieyi unhesitatingly jumped on it.

In the blink of an eye, the dim gold flying ship turned into a piercing light that broke through the thousands of formations.

The three also disappeared without any traces ----

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

