Chapter 89:


Chapter 89 – Words Reverberating Throughout [Ascending Heaven Pavilion]

“Aaaah, save me…”

Xia Houwu finally reacted. Like a dog crawling backwards, he screamed like a pig squealing as he was being slaughtered.

From Ye Qingyu’s cold and imposing gaze like that of a blade, Xia Houwu was absolutely sure that he really was going to kill him.

If it was any other person, Xia Houwu would not have been afraid.

Because there were so many higher ups of the academies and different seniors of different years present. Killing him in such an open and evident fashion was simply looking for their own death. Even an idiot would avoid shooting at the rat to refrain from breaking the vases. Normal people would have some apprehensions about killing someone so openly. But this was Ye Qingyu, a demon king-like existence. When he went crazy he was willing to do anything and everything. If there was one person that really dared to kill someone in this place, this person was definitely Ye Qingyu.

Xia Houwu scrambled backwards in terror. He could not care about the numbness in his face from the strike anymore, quickly crawling away to avoid the next attack.

“You dare!”

“Impudent!”

Several noble elders shouted loudly at the same time, acting out to block.

A terrifying yuan fluctuation, in a flash surged throughout the entire [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

Ye Qingyu held his spear across his chest, directly taking such a strike. His entire figure was sent soaring through the air by the impact. A trace of blood was evident in the corner of his lips, but even in midair, he still cried loudly the spear in his hand flying out. As if it was a weapon that shot out from the siege bow to destroy cities, it streaked towards the terrified Xia Houwu retreating in terror.

“Aaa…”

Xia Houwu screamed horrendously.

The long spear pierced through his left shoulder then continued flying out. With a boom, it nailed directly on a statue far off.

“Save me… Aaaaaaa, I’m about to die…. Save me!”

Xia Houwu began screeching like the wails of a ghost and the howls of a wolf, pain emitting from the very depths of his bone marrow. He felt as if death had really arrived. This place was different to the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]; to die here represented a true death. There was no way of resurrecting.

“Outrageous, to dare to try to kill someone right in front of us!”

“This is truly unforgivable!”

“Too arrogant!”

The elders who were from the noble organization that had already expressed their dissatisfaction of Ye Qingyu finally found their opportunity. Every one of them was enraged and shouted to discipline Ye Qingyu, all of them righteously indignant. Especially the elder who led the pack, he was so angry that his figure was quivering.

“Do you see? Does everyone see? This child is vicious to what degree?” The leading noble elder pointed at Ye Qingyu, his face filled with rage. “In [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], such a holy place, you dare attack and injure someone without the slightest trace of regret. Such a rebellious child, what’s the point of teaching him? I advise that we take away his position of White Deer student and give him to me for severe treatment!”

“Junior Brother Ye, you really have taken things too far…”

Jiang Xiaohan slowly walked beside Ye Qingyu, a perfect picture of someone trying to kind-heartedly correct someone. She shook her head. “No matter what, we are all students of White Deer Academy. Even if Junior Brother Xia Houwu was wrong, this should be left for the elders of the academy to manage. Even you do not have the right to meddle with an ordinary student. Not only is that exceeding your place and meddling in the teacher’s affairs, your attack was far too serious!””

Ye Qingyu rotated his head fiercely, looking at Jiang Xiaohan.

Jiang Xiaohan originally wanted to still say something, but facing this cold and disdainful gaze, her heart shivered. The things she wanted to say, she could not speak it out.

Such a gaze, she had never ever seen in Ye Qingyu’s eyes before.

This was a gaze that was for enemies, for people they loathed.

It was not the gaze of someone regarding their childhood friend.

Jiang Xiaohan thought that this teenager in front of her, no matter what the time, would be humble and flatter her.

But currently…

A shiver that came from her soul made Jiang Xiaohan embarrassed and angry. She hesitated, then opened her mouth to say something again, “I only want the best for you, I …”

“Shut your mouth.” Ye Qingyu coldly broke off her words. He said, word by word, “This has nothing to do with you. Scram!”

Jiang Xiaohan was as if she was struck by lightning.

She could not believe the words she had heard. Such a decisiveness and abhorrence in his tone, did it really come from the little boy that listened to her every word from when he was small? That little boy that, no matter what she did, would smile graciously at her? He really told her to scram?

At this time, the little loli Song Xiaojun that had recovered, walked over lightly. She pulled on Ye Qingyu’s arm.

She was evidently scared by such a scene, but she still resolutely stood beside Ye Qingyu.

“Xia Houwu attacked me and Sister Qingluo from behind in the battlefield,” her little voice, clear and determined, reverberated throughout the entire [Ascending Heaven Pavilion]: “He was the person who was in the wrong. He’s the bad person, you shouldn’t punish Senior Brother Qingyu!”

After hesitating for a moment, Song Qingluo also took a step forward. “Regarding this situation, I can vouch for it. Xia Houwu feared death, and fled in the face of the enemies, causing us to nearly lose this round. If not for brother Qingyu…”

“Shut your mouth!”

The noble elder loudly roared, his voice like thunder. Yuan qi energy exploded from him, jolting the Song sisters backwards like a little boat in front of a surging wave. Under such a terrifying yuan qi energy, the two girls had trouble even opening their mouths, they completely could not say anything more.

He waved his hand. “There’s nothing here that relates to the two of you. Move aside. The matters regarding Xia Houwu, I will naturally take care of. But what I need to manage right now is Ye Qingyu this bastard who dares disrespects his teacher…”

“Hahahaha…” Ye Qingyu abruptly began laughing.

“Impudent. Rebellious student, what are you laughing at?” the noble elder shouted.

Ye Qingyu was like a blade making a judgement, his eyes icy cold. “I’m laughing at an old dog like yourself. Unable to distinguish between right and wrong, not understanding gratitude and grudges, using one’s position to bully others, distorting the truth deliberately. I don’t believe that you did not see the things that happened in the battlefield through the formation projection. What about it? To protect a scum like Xia Houwu, you don’t even need your old face anymore? Really pitiful and lamentable, you have lived so long in vain, have you lived to turn into a dog? Such an old dog like yourself, relying on your age to do what you want, to be able to become an elder of White Deer Academy is really one of the legends of this world!”

Every word was clear and distinct, like a sword or a blade. It had the power to quiver one’s heart.

After finishing, Ye Qingyu did not take a step back in the slightest. His pair of eyes was flickering with electricity, furiously glaring at the elder.

Such words resounded for a long time throughout the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

Once these words were said, numerous people were dumbfounded.

He was only a tiny little student… how could he dare… to speak to an elder of the academy like this… he had gone mad!

Bai Yuqing lowered her head in shame.

Even she felt disdain for the shamelessness and biased stance of these noble elders. But such words, even she would not dare to speak it out in such a way.

“You…. you… you…” this noble elders face was filled with shock, so angry that his entire body was shaking.

He did not expect at all, that a student who in his eyes was a pig that he could slaughter at any time, really dared in front of so many people, to speak such words. In this moment in time, he was so angry that he could not formulate a word. After spluttering ‘you’ for a long period, finally, killing intent appeared sinisterly on his face. “You are looking to die!”

Before he had finished.

His palm struck out

An enormous saffron yellow palm formed from yuan qi advanced crushingly towards Ye Qingyu.

This was the enraged strike of someone at the Bitter sea stage, possessing a terrifying aura. Once the palm struck out, the majority of the people within the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] felt as if they were ants being thrown into the ocean. They could sense a suffocating pressure that made them unable to stand stably.

Ye Qingyu stood at the very front and bore the full brunt of this attack, engulfed by this gale.

He laughed madly, snapping but not bending. Contempt in his face, he would rather die than take a step back.

Seeing the humongous palm about to crush Ye Qingyu, at this time, the little loli Song Xiaojun being suppressed reacted. Extreme worry and panic appeared on her face. She wanted to struggle from the restraints of several of the noble elders, but was not able to do. Without realizing, an abnormal change began to happen within her body. Her body suddenly began shaking, a shred of scarlet red air began to leak. It was so tiny and minuscule that it could not be seen from her petite body…

The Wang Yan who had not spoken all along suddenly noticed something. Her figure flashed, instantly appearing beside the little loli.

Her palm light like a blade, slicing the back of the little loli’s head…

The figure of the little loli quivered, but she did not stop shaking. In fact, a ray of scarlet red light, began growing from within her clear and bright eyes, taking a very strange shape…

Wang Yan’s palm was bounced off.

Shock and worry appeared on Wang Yan’s face. However, her hand did not hesitate in the slightest, striking at the back of the little loli’s head again. This time, one could distinctly see the Wang Yan’s palm was wrapped by a green aura. Very evidently, this was the sign that she had activated an extremely powerful yuan qi.

The little loli’s figure only fell then, the scarlet red aura disappearing in the air. Slowly, she sank into the embrace of Wang Yan.

Song Qingluo was shocked and was about to say something, but Wang Yan shook her head slightly.

The other side.

As the noble elder’s giant yuan qi palm was about to completely crush Ye Qingyu, the old Dean who had remained silent finally acted. Everyone only felt their vision blur, before the figure of the old Dean shockingly appeared in front of Ye Qingyu.

This old man’s palm filled with wrinkles slowly stretched out, pushing lightly in the air.

There was no fluctuation or aura…

But this crushing giant yuan qi palm, like a sand statue within the wind, when it was less than one inch from the old Dean, disappeared!

“Pu… Pok!”

This noble elder’s figure quivered, opening his mouth and spurting out a mouthful of blood.

His entire body staggered backwards, his face instantly turning deathly pale. Within his eyes, it flickered with both rage and fear.

He had never thought the old Dean who had always concealed his strength and bided his time would act and protect Ye Qingyu at such a time.

What he did not imagine even more was that the old Dean had not just simply protected Ye Qingyu. He had secretly punished himself— while it may seem that the old Dean had just resolved his attack, but this noble elder was clear that a hidden force had emitted from the palm of the old Dean. Soundlessly and without any signs, it had entered into his body. Without three or four months of rest, such a wound could not recover!

“Enough, the things today shall end here.” The tone of the old Dean was icy and dominating, glaring at the noble elders. “Lin Weifeng, even if you don’t need your face, our White Deer Academy needs our face. The things that happened here today, who’s wrong and who’s right, everyone knows clearly within their hearts. Don’t pester endlessly…” Saying to here, he looked at the other elders and teachers, his tone severe, “Recently a lot has been happening within the city. I hope that everyone can fulfil their own duties and roles, and don’t disrupt order, nor to see profit and forget morality. The affairs that has nothing to do with you, there is no need to care about it. Wanting to act for someone else and inciting trouble, White Deer Academy will not be responsible for it.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 90:


Chapter 90 – It Doesn’t Matter

The hearts of the elders and teachers within the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] quivered together.

The old Dean today was evidently different from normal. Within his words, there contained an obvious warning.

Pausing slightly, the old Dean spoke again, “From today onwards, Xia Houwu is no longer a student of White Deer Academy. He is forever forbidden from entering White Deer Academy, and Qin Wushuang is to be confined for three months to reflect on his wrongdoings. Even though Ye Qingyu has injured a fellow student and disrespected an elder, but the victory of this grand competition was all thanks to him. The merits and demerits offset each other, so he will take no further responsibility for his action…”

A commotion.

No one would have thought the final judgement of the old Dean would be such a result.

The old Dean who had always remained neutral and kept things in balance, this time clearly stood on Ye Qingyu’s side.

“The upcoming fifth round of the battle between elites will be conducted by Elder Zhou Yun. I have some matters so I will depart first.” Finishing speaking, the Old Dean turned and walked towards the exit of the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

His ancient figure quickly disappeared off into the distance.

Silence completely enveloped the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

The people left here at this time, did not know what to say.

According to the previous agreement between Azure Phoenix and White Deer, after the first, second, third and fourth years had finished their battles, there would be one extra battle. They would pick the five students who had performed exceptionally and form a new team, to conduct the final battle— according to common sense, the reason why this fifth round was needed was in the case of the previous four rounds reaching a tie.

In the grand competition this time between the two academies, from the previous results, there was no longer a need for the fifth round to continue.

But many people still hoped to obtain the opportunities and rewards within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. They still wished to participate onwards into the fifth round. Even if they were still absolutely crushed by Azure Phoenix Academy, at least they could in a set amount of time, obtain the rewards of the battlefield. Such a convenient benefit really could not be passed up.

Ye Qingyu had the most exceptional performance in the previous competition.

According to logic, he should possess the chance to continue to remain within the battlefield.

But Ye Qingyu did not want to enter anymore.

The things that he wanted to obtain, he had already managed to obtain.

In truth, he was very disappointed in White Deer Academy. He did not want to interfere in the conflict between the two academies anymore, especially within the last round. From Ye Qingyu’s point of view, the performance of the Azure Phoenix students were far, far more deserving of admiration and praise than Xia Houwu and Qin Wushuang.

Ye Qingyu, with the intention of leaving, slowly turned around.

His gaze passed through the entire crowd. Suddenly realizing something, his heart shuddered. There seemed to be one person missing from the gathering.

“Where’s Xiaojun?” He looked towards Song Qingluo.

Very few people had seen that Wang Yan had attacked and knocked Song Xiaojun unconscious, bringing her away. At that time, Ye Qingyu was receiving the full brunt of the noble elder’s attack, and was concentrating solely on this so he naturally did not perceive what had occurred.

Song Qingluo whispered a few words in Ye Qingyu’s ears.

A confused expression appeared on Ye Qingyu’s face.

What had happened?

Why would Wang Yan knock the little loli unconscious?

Ye Qingyu had a vague feeling; could it be related to the scarlet red power exploding from the little loli’s body?

He remembered the events in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] during the last battle, when the little loli was betrayed by Xia Houwu. Under this stimulation, she exploded with a tyrannical power that was enough to make one shake in terror. At that time, Ye Qingyu was able to observe this through the [Sentry Guard] and was also greatly taken aback. But right then, he was too enraged by Xia Houwu’s shameless action so he did not pay too much thought to it.

But thinking back in detail, Ye Qingyu became slightly worried for the little loli.

But since Wang Yan had acted, it seemed like the situation would not be as serious as he thought. This head teacher of the first years was someone that Ye Qingyu respected very much. From Demon King Ye’s perspective, there was not many people worthy of his trust and respect in White Deer Academy but Wang Yan was definitely one of them.

“Everyone, let’s discuss the choice of participants for the last round.”

The head elder of White Deer Academy, Zhou Yun finally opened his mouth. He was also an elder with snowy white hair but a rosy complexion. He very rarely appeared in public, but had great contributions towards White Deer Academy in the past. He possessed a prestigious status and had high reputation, otherwise the old Dean would not name him to be the person who would manage the following events after he had left.

Instantly, everyone began proposing different student representatives.

Zhou Yun smiled towards Ye Qingyu, and said extremely amiably, “Qingyu, your performance was exceptional. You absolutely have the right to enter the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], do you wish to fight for the academy in this last round?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

As if Zhou Yun had long seen through Ye Qingyu’s intentions, he did not display any signs of shock. Nodding his head, “That is fine too. A child like you knows how to modestly decline. You’re a good child that wants to give this opportunity to other students. Since it is like this, then return and rest well.”

In his words, he made an excuse for Ye Qingyu.

It seems like this head elder also admired Ye Qingyu very much.

But the words of elder Zhou Yun were not false; Ye Qingyu really was slightly tired and wanted to rest well, wanted to sleep. Of course, he was still extremely concerned over the little loli’s situation. He decided that straight after he would go and find Wang Yan and ask about her situation, and to find out everything. Ye Qingyu nodded his head slightly, about to turn and leave.

At this time—

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu!”

A strange and peculiar sound came from within Ye Qingyu’s chest.

The furry head of Big Head poked out and exposed himself from the clothes on Ye Qingyu’s chest. His glistening large eyes curiously examined every person present, then agilely snaked out from Ye Qingyu’s embrace, landing on his shoulder and intimately rubbing his head against Ye Qingyu and licking his ear.

The gazes of everyone focused on this little thing.

A white and adorable little puppy?

Ye Qingyu really had brought such a little pet with him?

Some people could not help but giggle. No one had thought that Demon King Ye that killed people so decisively would raise such a cute pet, could it be that even he had softness within his heart?

And some people eyes brightened, realizing something.

The rage and anger in Ye Qingyu’s heart slowly subsided. Seeing the silly Big Head incessantly pretending to be cute on his shoulder, after a slight fright he also realized something.

In general, regarding the life forms within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], there was no way it could be taken out. After the competitors were forcibly ejected from the battlefield, apart from the yuan qi rewards and some spoils of battle like [Blood of the Flame Devil Beast] and the [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant], there was no way to transport the living creatures away from that realm.

Previously, when Ye Qingyu had brought along Big Head, he only felt that he could keep him beside him during the battlefield with no way of bringing Big Head out from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. But right now, seeing the little fellow licking his ear in joy, Ye Qingyu finally realized that he had brought this little dog out of the battlefield.

This was in all of history, the first creature that was brought out from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]!

“I never thought that I would really manage to bring this little fellow out.” Ye Qingyu noticed the gazes of the people around him and the emotions behind their eyes: curiosity, shock, greed and lust. He smiled, silently stuffing the little fellow back into the place on his chest.

“Wu Wu… Huchi Huchi!”

The little fellow expressed his dissatisfaction, barking in objection.

He forcefully squeezed his head through the clothes, leaving his head out in the open, with his pink little tongue sticking out. On one hand, he was trying to curry favour with Ye Qingyu and on the other hand he was like an inquisitive baby, inspecting everything all around.

“A very cute little puppy.” Jiang Xiaohan smiled.

This girl acted as if she had repaired the relationship between her and Ye Qingyu. She smiled authentically, and said very casually, “It really is too cute. Junior brother Ye, is this the pet you’ve raised? I remember that before entering the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], you did not bring a little puppy…” Speaking to here Jiang Xiaohan seemed as if she had only just appreciated something, her fall full of shock. “Ah, could it be that this little puppy, was brought out from within the battlefield? This is too impossible; I have never heard of someone able to bring out a living creature from within the battlefield. This little puppy must be something special, could it be that he is a Spirit beast or a Divine beast?”

As these words were said, the hearts of countless people instantly pulsated madly.

Now even the insensitive people who were not able to at the first moment understand what the big headed dog represented, at this moment instantly comprehended the specialness of this adorable little puppy.

After finishing her words, Jiang Xiaohan quivered violently. She looked at Ye Qingyu, then immediately covered her own mouth, as if she had only just realized something. With an embarrassed and apologetic expression, she quickly rushed to say, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry. Little brother Qingyu, I really wasn’t… I shouldn’t have said so much, this really wasn’t intentional…”

Ye Qingyu only smiled.

“It doesn’t matter.” He looked at Jiang Xiaohan with a smile.

Jiang Xiaohan’s heart was delighted.

But Ye Qingyu continued on, “That’s right, please don’t call me little brother Qingyu in the future. If I remember correctly, when you always followed behind me, you have always called me big brother Qingyu… Of course, what I want to point out is that me saying ‘it doesn’t matter’, is not because of how you think your clumsy acting has really fooled me nor does it mean that someone like you deserves forgiveness for plotting time after time against me. It’s only just that, to bicker with a woman that thinks herself so clever, that always plays with schemes and factions, is really something that is far, far too pointless.”

The complexion of Jiang Xiaohan’s face instantly grew deathly pale.

Ye Qingyu continued on, “Your words are correct. This little fellow is really something that I’ve managed to obtain from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] and is even something that I’ve managed to obtain from the dragon’s den in the middle of the wilderness. It’s incredible, your words are not wrong, it very possibly could be a Spirit beast, En, or perhaps it is even an even rarer Divine beast… I had never thought that I would be able to bring it out from within the battlefield. How about it, isn’t my luck good?”

The eyes of the surrounding people instantly began burning.

With Ye Qingyu’s honest and direct admittance it instantly made the cute and foolish Big Head, in the eyes of everyone here, became holy and mysterious. Even if it was only a Spirit beast, it was absolutely a treasure given from the Heavens. No matter what the faction or group, to obtain this big headed dog, their status would instantly surge and their power explosively grow.

———

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 91:


Chapter 91 – He Can Eat More Than Me

“However, the moment I left the battlefield, I could faintly hear his imperial highness, Formation Emperor Luoso’s voice from beside my ear. His highness said that whoever forcefully seizes this little fellow will inherit his curse and fury. Their family will break apart and die, eternally crushed by the curse of his formation.”

At this point, Ye Qingyu laughed. Looking at the crowd, he said indifferently, “I don’t know whether this is true or false, but at least I believe it. Whoever doesn’t believe in this can try for themselves and see if the Formation Emperor Luoso is just scaring people and playing around.”

The burning gaze of everyone finally awakened a little.

Regarding the legend and curse of the Formation Emperor Luoso, it had spread throughout the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain.

In history, there had been several world shaking events that had occurred regarding the formation curse. There was once a royal member not of this generation that did not believe in this and insulted the Formation Emperor Luoso through his actions. The curse that he provoked ultimately caused his royal court to be annihilated and he himself vanished. There was a nearly invincible demon with an insolent mouth, arrogant and willful. He directly offended a religious altar of the Formation Emperor. As a result, he was struck by formation lightning descending from the skies, turning into ashes…

The martial artists of the Heaven Wasteland Domain what they trained and cultivated in was originally from the formation martial path. The origins of their power and battle techniques was intimately related to the formation martial path. They treated the Formation Emperor Luoso like a religion, revering and venerating it to the extreme, treating him like a god. Therefore, the words from Ye Qingyu’s mouth caused many people to shiver in fear. It could not help but make people think twice before acting.

Moreover, Ye Qingyu’s performance was too amazing, making him seem mysterious. Even the formation projection had no way of capturing his figure within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], causing him to be painted in an enigmatic colour. Creating miracle after miracle, there were many things that could not be explained simply by common logic. It was as if the Formation Emperor himself was really protecting and aiding him.

Such words, in the mouths of other people, would be a ridiculous joke. But when spoken from the mouth of Ye Qingyu, it added to the trustworthiness of such a statement. It could not help but make people evaluate his words carefully before acting.

Finishing saying these words, Ye Qingyu became much more relaxed.

His gaze, once again returned to Jiang Xiaohan’s face.

“A woman like you, petty and vain, chasing after wealth and glory. Time and time again, you have plotted against me, attempting to humiliate me. You rely on the fact that you were once my childhood friend so I won’t become angry at you, won’t retaliate at you. Then I will tell you, from today onwards, everything that has happened between us is now smoke disappearing in thin air. I have nothing to do with you anymore… if you dare try to scheme against me again, to plot against my friends, then you will become my personal enemy.”

Jiang Xiaohan’s figure was tottering, on the verge of collapse.

In a daze, she looked at Ye Qingyu. Abruptly, she felt as is something special and beautiful had finally left her.

Such a Ye Qingyu was really too unfamiliar to her.

“From now on, if you act against me, then don’t blame me for being merciless,” Ye Qingyu said decisively. He looked at the deathly pale face of Jiang Xiaohan. Pausing for a bit, “It seems I’ve hurt you… En, I originally wanted to say many callous and ruthless words, and wanted to rip my robe as a sign to repudiate our friendship and draw a line on the ground, to break off all ties with you. But my robe is very expensive, and this ground here is hard so this is somewhat impractical. Seeing your wretched appearance… forget it, look after yourself from today onwards.”

Jiang Xiaohan’s entire body began shaking.

The far away Song Qingluo, witnessing this scene, could not help but feel a pity that could not be suppressed for Jiang Xiaohan.

This senior sister that she had once talked and laughed with was in truth a tremendous character within White Deer Academy. No matter considering her strength or her schemes, within the entire academy she could be ranked in the top ten. She basked in the limelight for a lot of things, but at this time, facing Ye Qingyu, she was placed in a completely disadvantageous position. Like a candle in the wind, helpless and without power.

Not only did Demon King Ye possess fierce techniques, his mouth was also really poisonous.

Song Qingluo sighed in her heart.

“Fine, what I should say, I’ve finished saying… I’m leaving.” Ye Qingyu waved his arm, turning and heading outside the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

Jiang Xiaohan lowered her head and in her beautiful eyes, endless fury and hatred simmered.

Her body was quivering, her hands tightly clenched into fists. She was like a volcano that was about to erupt. She asked herself again and again in her heart, why would he dare to say such words? This boy that must have a crush on her, why would he dare speak such words, for what reason?

Did he wanted to use such a method to attract her attention?

He must want to use such a method so she would forever remember him.

It must be so.

Jiang Xiaohan’s heart was fill of bitterness. Lifting her head, she opened her mouth, wanting to say something more. But for some unknown reason, seeing the back of this youth, despite her strength evidently being higher than him, ultimately not even one word was said.

“Hmph!” The injured noble elder coldly snorted. In his eyes was a chilling killing intent. “A ridiculous mad student. I’ll see how long you can be arrogant for, you’re just a clumsy clown.”

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu turned around with a grin.

“Old bastard, you have so many useless words. Don’t pretend to be hunting just because you have several dead rats in your pockets. Let me ask you one question, do you dare kill me right now? If you don’t dare, then shut your mouth… Since we have lost all pretense of cordiality, what’s the use of insults? Haha, old bastard, I’m waiting for you to kill me, if you have the guts then come.”

Saying this, he dragged his hand across his neck, in an action similar to cutting his throat then walked out, laughing loudly.

The noble elder was so angry that his body began trembling.

Such an action, such a laughter, was like razor sharp blades, being sliced again and again into his face.

At this instant, he hated that he was unable to slap to death this trash that dared to provoke his authority. But remembering the icy warning of the old Dean and sensing the disordered inner yuan that was within his heavily injured body, he ultimately managed to endure Ye Qingyu’s taunt. A mouthful of involuntary blood was nearly spat out from his mouth.

He had never met such an arrogant and senseless student before.

The people within the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] was once again stunned by the arrogant and domineering words of Demon King Ye.

This noble elder was normally harsh and had a tendency to use his power to bully others. He often utilized his status to suppress others and was easily provoked to make someone’s life too difficult for them. But until this moment, no one had really dared to directly confront him. There were many people dissatisfied by this tyrannical noble elder, including even some of the teachers. But they could only secretly curse at this noble elder.

Ye Qingyu was the first person who would argue so openly against him and tear his face in such a public manner.

In this instant, this teenager proudly laughing possessed a courage that was hard to describe using language alone.

Until the figure of Ye Qingyu was gone in the exit far off, the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion] was filled with a serious silence.

For many students, the things that had happened here today was like a dream passing by.

“Fine, if there are no more private matters, then lets select the competitors for the last round.” The grand elder Zhou Yun opened his closed eyes that had always been shut, as if he had not noticed anything. Saying slowly and politely, “If anyone has any good proposals, then just say it!” …… ……

“Such a disturbing competition has finally ended. The leftover affairs, have nothing to do with me.”

Both Ye Qingyu’s hands was placed behind his neck, and on his shoulder was Big Head. They walked out of the [Ascending Heaven Pavilion].

The sunlight shone through the cloud layers. The golden radiant light made Ye Qingyu squint his eyes slightly.

Long winter was slowly arriving in Deer City. The air became icier by the day. These days, gloomy clouds nearly always covered the sky. Only occasionally, when strong gusts blew past, would the sky brighten up. But very quickly, it would once again be replaced by the heavy clouds. The cold currents that came from the north of the Deer Mountain Range made the air thousands of miles around colder by the day.

As expected, the sunlight only shone through for a short time. Before Ye Qingyu had returned to the second year area, it was once again replaced by a heavy grey cloud layer.

Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu’s mood was not that good.

Big Head was whimpering on his shoulder, suddenly becoming impatient.

Ye Qingyu abruptly missed the first year canteen that he had spent a majority of his time within.

Therefore, he did not directly return to the dormitories of the second year, but went straight towards the first year area.

There were still countless first years crazily converging towards the practice grounds. The victory in the grand competition, had caused an explosion in the moods of the first year students. The atmosphere was saturated with the taste of excitement and joy.

There were two first year students in high spirits, that were bragging loudly about how close their relationship was with Demon King Ye. They passed straight by Ye Qingyu, but did not recognize him at all.

“Eh? How could this possibly be… I’m Ye Qingyu, I’m the great hero. You guys would really ignore me….” Ye Qingyu thought indignantly, intensely criticizing these two in his heart.

I am so famous, why is it that these two scoundrels did not recognize me, and come idolize me?

With such a limited perception, how did they manage to become students of White Deer Academy?

Originally, Ye Qingyu felt that he should have disguised himself a little bit to prevent himself from attracting an ocean of spectators that would surround him. But from the present situation there was no such a need. Because the attention of everyone was still focused upon the ranking stone mirror, waiting until the completion of the last round. There was absolutely no one who recognize that the person walking by with a dog on his shoulder was the hero in their hearts, Ye Qingyu.

The Demon King Ye who had not managed to satisfy his vanity arrived with a bellyful of complaints at the canteen.

“Let’s just ferociously eat for a while.”

He greeted the chefs of the canteen, then like a carriage on a familiar and trodden path, brought a large bowl of rice and two little dishes to the place where he always sat. He placed Big Head on the chair beside him and turned to fill up on soup— Demon King Ye always felt that before partaking in a meal, one should always drink soup before. He insisted that this was an extremely good practice when eating.

But when he came back holding a large bowl of meat soup…

“Eh? Eh Eh Eh? What’s happening? Where’s my rice? Where’s my dishes?” Ye Qingyu looked speechless at the empty containers and then looked at the stupidly panting Big Head. He was wagging his tail and had jumped onto the table. At this moment, Ye Qingyu could still not figured out what exactly had occurred.

“Wu Wu… Huchi Huchi!” Big Head’s tail bobbed up and down affectionately.

He eagerly looked at Ye Qingyu.

No, what was correct that he was looking at the meat soup Ye Qingyu was carrying.

Ye Qingyu looked at him, taken back. “Big Head, don’t tell me that all the food was completely devoured by you… my heavens, are you a pig, how could you eat so much and in such a short time… You stupid dog, shouldn’t you be a divine beast that doesn’t partake in mortal food? Why can you eat more than me?”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 92:


Chapter 92 – I Admit Defeat

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu!”

This little fellow did not pay the slightest attention to the fact that he was currently being scolded by his master. He jumped towards Ye Qingyu’s arm. Ye Qingyu only felt his vision blurring, then his hand was abruptly lighter. When he looked down, he discovered that the meat soup in the bowl had completely disappeared.

“Hachi Hachi!”

Big Head licked his lips appreciatively and a drop of clear soup was still dripping from the corner of his mouth.

My God!

Ye Qingyu did not dare to believe what he had just witnessed.

Even if it was an expert at the six Spirit springs stage that had acted in front of him, it was not possible to suck away the entire bowl of soup without even a drop left in an instant. This big headed stupid dog, just what was its background that it’s speed could be so quick?

Could it be that he was mistaken?

Ye Qingyu once again filled up on a big bowl of meat soup, placing it in front of the stupid big headed dog, then widened his eyes to observe carefully.

It must be a mistaken sensation, it must be a mistaken sensation.

Ye Qingyu widely opened his eyes.

The silly big headed dog hopped up and down excitedly as if springs had been installed in his hind legs. He leapt onto Ye Qingyu’s shoulder, affectionately licking Ye Qingyu’s face and then instantly whooshed onto the table.

“Che-Liu!!”

A faint sound like lightning. The big bowl of soup instantly disappeared.

Ye Qingyu’s eyes was glazed with shock.

This time he was able to see what had happened more clearly than last time. The pink little tongue of the big headed dog could extend and shrink. In an instant, it had stretched over half a meter, like a suction rod. Quick as lightning, with a faint suction, this big bowl that was enough to feed four or five burly men disappeared in an instant.

“Hachi… Hachi?”

Big Head had a countenance that he was still not satisfied.

The little fellow wagged his tail to gain Ye Qingyu’s favour, his saliva nearly dripping out.

It still wasn’t enough?

Ye Qingyu’s chin had nearly dropped to the ground.

The things that this foolish dog had eaten was enough to last Ye Qingyu himself for three days. How could he still not be full? And his little body was not even the size of that large bowl of meat soup. His little belly could definitely not contain such an amount. After eating so many things, his little belly had still not expanded in the slightest. The consumed meat soup, just where had it gone?

Could it be that his stomach was something like an interdimensional pouch?

“Huchi Huchi?”

Big Head licked Ye Qingyu, then opened his mouth and jumped about, biting his tail and glancing at Ye Qingyu meaningfully. Expressing that he was still not full, he wondered why Ye Qingyu did not continue to feed him.

Ye Qingyu ground his teeth.

“Fine, let’s see how much you are able to eat. I won’t admit that it’s impossible to feed you till you’re full!”

Demon King Ye became ruthless, coming back and carrying a tub of meat soup a meter tall. The tub of meat soup thumped onto the ground. It was placed right in front of the big headed dog, foolish and adorable at the same time. The container emitted the rich fragrance of meat.

This foolish and adorable big headed dog began barking excitedly. After rubbing his white furry head onto Ye Qingyu to express his thanks, his hind legs moved. He jumped above the massive tub, and his tongue once again forming the shape of a suction rod and sticking into the soup. Panting, he appreciatively began sucking. No two breaths had passed before the giant tub of meat soup was entirely gone.

“Hachi Hachi?”

The little fellow eagerly looked at Ye Qingyu.

“You still want to eat?” Ye Qingyu became interested. “Fine let’s see just how much you can eat. If I can’t gorge you to death, I won’t accept it…”

Pak!

Another giant tub of meat soup was brought over.

“Hachi Hachi… Wu Wu?”

The little fellow once again began to pant excitedly.

“You still want more? Hmph, I don’t believe that you can eat so much!” Ye Qingyu pulled up his sleeves.

Pok!

The third tub.

“Hachi Hachi… Wu Wu?”

The little fellow still did not reject what was placed in front of him.

“You can still eat? I still don’t accept…”

Pok!

The fourth tub.

“Chi Liu Chi Liu….”

“Shit, I can see the bottom again… I still won’t accept!”

Pok!

The fifth tub.

“Chi Liu Chi Liu… Hachi?”

“You can still eat? I… I really can’t accept…”

Pok.

The sixth tub arrived with a bang.

“Hachi Hachi… Chi Liu?”

“Fuck, you can really eat so much. I still won’t accept…” Ye Qingyu was about to go crazy.

Pok!

The seventh tub had arrived.

“Hachi Hachi … Chi Liu?”

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded. He felt like the stomach of this foolishly cute dog was really an endless hole. It absolutely could not be filled.

“You can really motherfucking eat, but I still won’t accept… Fine, I accept defeat. What kind of thing did you transform from, to be able to eat so much? I accept defeat, but if you continue to eat so much, I really don’t have the resources to raise you, you’ll eat me poor!”

Ye Qingyu dragged the silly big headed dog away. In the shocked gazes of everyone, as if they were looking at a monster, they left the public canteen.

…… ……

After departing from the canteen, Ye Qingyu went to the first year teaching house to find Wang Yan.

He wanted to find out clearly, just what had happened to the little loli’s body.

But only when he arrived did he find out that Wang Yan had still not returned. After asking the other teachers, Ye Qingyu discovered they also did not know where the head teacher went. With no other methods, Ye Qingyu could only temporarily return to the dormitory of the second year.

“You can really eat too much. Just what type of monster did I pick up.”

After returning to the dormitory, Ye Qingyu investigated the big headed dog thoroughly.

But he still could not see any abnormalities.

Ye Qingyu had no way of explaining that something the size of his palm, just how was he able to consume so many things. Ye Qingyu was possessed by a strong curiosity have an urge to dissect the stomach of this foolish dog to see what his belly was made of.

“Wu Wu!”

The silly big headed dog affectionately licked at Ye Qingyu’s palm.

The little fellow from the beginning had a countenance that he was extremely familiar with Ye Qingyu’s abode. He jumped onto the bed, lying down with his tongue sticking out. Closing his eyes, he had a tired appearance.

After thinking of the bizarre background of this little fellow and remembering the peculiar things that happened to him within the blood pool in the dragons den, Ye Qingyu regarded this little fellow more importantly. Today at [Ascending Heaven Pavilion], his departing words were not entirely just a story that he had made up to threaten them. In reality, within the depths of his heart, Ye Qingyu really had some expectations. He wished that this little fellow was really some kind of Spirit beast or Divine beast.

Today, since Jiang Xiaohan had intentionally pointed out the background of the silly big headed dog, Ye Qingyu could be said to have attracted some trouble.

“You are able to eat so much, I can’t afford to raise you. If some noble factions really want to rob me of you, then I’ll just let them take you. Then you can do whatever you wish, isn’t that good?” Ye Qingyu began joking.

The big headed dog gave him a supercilious look.

Ye Qingyu chuckled loudly. Taking off all his clothes apart from his underwear, he went to take a wash. After spending time in battle in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] for so long and being bathed in the viscous pool of blood for who knows how long, his entire body emitted a bloody odour. He could not wait to wash himself thoroughly.

After he returned from his wash, he discovered the big headed dog had already curled up on his bed in the midst of slumber.

Ye Qingyu dropped a piece of clothing over the little fellow. A faint smile could not help but be shown on the corner of his lips.

The little fellow in the midst of his dreams, subconsciously rubbed his head against Ye Qingyu’s palm. The warm and fuzzy feeling of this contact, caused an itchy feeling to be born within Ye Qingyu’s heart.

After resting for a while, he activated the formation within his room, isolating himself and closing himself from the outside.

This time, the rewards he obtained from the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] were plentiful. Not only did he obtain the [Blood of the Flame Devil Beast] and the [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant], he also obtained a large quantity of yuan qi rewards. Ye Qingyu sat in a meditative position, activating his nameless breathing technique. The yuan qi within his body began circulating rapidly. Around his entire body, there was an invisible forcefield that slowly swirled. As if it was a streaming fog barrier, it enveloped him within.

In his dantian word, another change had occurred.

He had already successfully excavated two Spirit springs. With a roar, clear Spring waters shot out, soaring hundreds of meters into the sky. Hundreds of meters around the Spring, a small lake had already been formed that was so clear, one was able to see the very bottom. It unceasingly nourished the dead Desert world within his Dantian, bringing with it surging vitality.

Of course, for the boundless and endless desert in his dantian, these two Springs were like a cup of water on a burning cart of firewood. It could not fundamentally change anything.

Apart from the number of Spirit springs deciding the future success of the martial artist, there was another theory in the yuan qi martial way. It was said that the greater the potential of the martial artist, the larger the desert world in their dantian would be. And furthermore, the desert in their dantian world would continue to grow along with the increase in strength of the martial artists. From this perspective, the common saying of the White Deer teachers ‘There is no limits to the martial way’ was completely correct.

From the moment he could observe inside him through inner vision, there was no way Ye Qingyu could clearly discern, exactly how large his desert dantian world was exactly.

But he did not think too deeply about such things.

At this time, during the fighting within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], Ye Qingyu had already planted the third [Yuan Qi Kindling] within his Dantian world. The crystal was already translucent, buried deeply within the Dantian desert. After Ye Qingyu concentrated and entered into the state of inner vision, he could begin to excavate his third Spirit spring.

As he progressed, the difficulty of excavating the Spirit spring would increase.

Ye Qingyu did not dare delay. He took out a drop of the [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant]. Placing the blood that had already been consolidated into clear pearls, he kept it under his tongue. Then he activated his nameless breathing technique, beginning to absorb the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth. Coordinating with his inner yuan, he began agitating the third [Yuan Qi Kindling], excavating the Spirit spring.

With the two previous experiences, this time around he was extremely familiar and clear about what he had to do.

With Ye Qingyu’s dormitory at the center, all the yuan qi in a radius of a thousand meters rapidly gathered together. The mist vapour took shape, visible to the naked eye, just like a violently rotating mist funnel, rapidly compressing and ultimately entering into Ye Qingyu’s body. Passing through his four limbs, hundreds of bones, and his internal organs. Finally, it transformed into a hurricane, taking shape within the desert dantian world. It caused flashes of lightning and the roar of thunder throughout the desert dantian world, as if this magnificent world was being newly created.

The hurricane finally stabilized above the third [Yuan Qi Kindling], congealing there without dispersing.

Ye Qingyu gradually entered into a blank state of mind, able to sense every minute change happening within his body.

“That can’t do, a little bit is still lacking… there is not enough yuan qi from Heaven and Earth!” Ye Qingyu could clearly sense the difficulty of excavating a high number of Spirit springs. The entire Deer Mountain Range and Deer City was an area concentrated in yuan qi, but at this time the yuan qi gathering from the outside world was ultimately lacking.

Having no other choice, Ye Qingyu diverted the yuan qi waters from his two other Spirit springs that had already taken shape.

A little bit was still lacking.

“I can only rely on the drop of yuan qi liquid then!”

The back of Ye Qingyu’s tongue moved, and swallowed the pearl shaped blob of yuan qi blood into his stomach.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

