Chapter 825:


Chapter 842 - Lagging Behind by Thousands of Years



Over the next three days, Ye Qingyu's routine remained exactly the same.

More than two-thirds of the injured had already recovered. Not only had the wounds on their bodies healed, but they had also regained their previous strength. Once their life force and blood qi were at their peak condition, it would aid in the recovery of their physical body and inner yuan.

As for the remaining one-third, their injuries had been too severe, which meant that their rate of recovery would be slower. However, according to the daily report provided by Wang Zhen, it was only a matter of time before these people made a full recovery.

The only exception was Great Dragon Turtle Demon's injuries, for it involved the mysterious secrets of the foundation of his vitality. Wang Zhen and his team did not seem to make any major progress but Great Dragon Turtle Demon himself did not seem too concerned. He maintained a positive mindset and with the Violet-Gold Dragon King Ginseng to support his life force, he could now walk on his own. With the assistance of his great-great-great-granddaughter, Zhong Xuan, he walked around the various sections of the Green Xuan Hall. He looked like he was in good spirits.

"I have already lived for eight thousand seven hundred years, and I'm afraid that very few living creatures have a lifespan as long as I've enjoyed. The Divine Dragon Turtle Race is naturally blessed with long lifespans but only have middling talent for cultivating the Ways. I had once thought that I would lead an ordinary life in the Southern Waters. Never did I imagine that I could exit the Heaven Wasteland Domain to see for myself the amazingness of the Vast Thousand Domains. I've seen things that my ancestors were never able to see and made valuable contributions to the Heaven Wasteland Domain. I can die without regrets now," Great Dragon Turtle Demon declared to everyone in the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

This big demon from the Southern Waters of the Heaven Wasteland Domain gave off an intelligent and open-minded aura, as though he was an eminent monk who had attained the Dao.

Nonetheless, Ye Qingyu continued to look into Great Dragon Turtle Demon's condition every day and used the Violet-Gold Dragon King Ginseng and the yellow Immortal qi to prolong his life. He already had a rough idea, but this idea needed to be refined and tested before it could be implemented.

For some reason, the more he researched the one hundred and eight ancient characters, the more profound they seemed. Coupled with the reaction of the life force within Great Dragon Turtle Demon's body, he slowly realized that he seemed to have stumbled across something extremely heaven-defying and guessed that this mystery was not something that someone at his cultivation realm should be able to grasp.

As for Ye Qingyu himself, he had almost regained his peak condition.

Three days flew by in the blink of an eye.

Soon after, it was the day when the final grade of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps would be unveiled, and it was also a day that would determine their destiny.

In the wee hours of the morning, the first rays of dawn broke through the clouds and the fine mist to softly shine down on the square of the Green Xuan Hall.

In front of the Green Xuan Hall—

Everyone from the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps, including those who had just recovered from their injuries, had gathered in the middle of the square.

The day that would determine their destiny had finally arrived.

They were excited, expectant, nervous...

When the first crack of dawn appeared on the horizon, these feelings were reflected clearly on the faces of every warrior from the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps.

No one wanted to recall the torture and hardships that the entire diplomatic corps had been through, as though everything they had endured could be forgotten now that they were on the cusp of knowing the result.

Now, the only thing that everyone wanted to know was the final grading result.

"Greetings, our Empress. Greetings, Lord Ye Qingyu!"

As the crowd shouted their greetings, the two most well-respected figures in the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty strode out from the Green Xuan Hall.

This was a very special and important day to the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain, so these two people were clad in the highest-quality, customary palace robes and long robes of the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty.

Empress Yu Xiaoxing was clad in a floor-length long robe trimmed with red and gold prints, and pictures of the mountains and rivers were sewn with a golden thread on her wide skirts and sleeves. Her black hair was swept into an intricate bun and was decorated with the seven treasure corals and golden hair accessories. She looked gentle and graceful, and coupled with her elegance, her aura was that of a dignified and authoritative Empress.

Ye Qingyu's brows were long and arched and his eyes were as bright as stars. His dark hair was swept up behind him, neat but without losing its flowing grace. His long robes were as white as snow, and flowing clouds had been sewn with silver thread onto the hem of his robes. He exuded warmth and maturity and his claws were drawn in. He was handsome and carried himself with ease and confidence and, thus, gave off the aura of a peerless Immortal who had descended from the Nine Heavens.

According to the customs of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, there would be a ceremony held to pray to the souls of their ancestors during every significant event. This time was no exception, and the ceremony was held before they traveled to the Alliance of Domains divine temple.

Preparations for the sacrifices and the sacrificial altar had been made beforehand, and so, the ceremony took thirty minutes.

According to the message delivered by the Alliance of Domain's guard the day before, the Alliance of Domains congress divine temple was the holiest and most heavily guarded temple throughout the myriad domains. Not everyone was allowed to enter the temple, only Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing had received invitations this time.

This meant that the rest of the Heaven Wasteland diplomatic corps would have to wait for news in the Green Xuan Hall.

Soon afterward—

The appointed time had come.

In midair—

An elaborate airship dozens of meters long slowly made its way across the sky and passed through the protective formation of the Green Xuan Hall to descend in the middle of the square. The airship was completely white, as though it was carved out of white jade, and its streamlined body was very alluring. It gleamed faintly in the sun and a layer of barely decipherable formations could be seen, faintly expanding and contracting.

"Time to leave."

Ye Qingyu turned to Yu Xiaoxing and they exchanged a quick smile. Then, they walked toward the airship.

The two elders, Yan Wushuang and Shuang Wuyan, did not make an appearance, but a divine temple guard clad in brown armor with dark patterns was already waiting at the entrance of the airship. After he verified their identities, he led them into the cabin.

As the crowd from the diplomatic corps sent them off with hopeful and expectant gazes, the flying ship slowly ascended into the sky like a silver eagle and headed in the direction of the Alliance of Domains divine temple.

Soon after, the airship disappeared into the sky.

...

On the airship—

Other than the twelve divine guards who were in charge of operating the ship, there were also twenty-eight divine guards keeping watch. There were no other outsiders on the ship other than them. The deck of the ship was not very big and was milky white interwoven with dark green patterns, which made it extremely beautiful.

Ye Qingyu walked along the deck of the ship.

He enjoyed observing his surroundings from a high viewpoint. Now that he thought about it, other than the time that he had witnessed Heaven Connect City's glory from the airship the previous time, he had not stepped out of the Green Xuan Hall thereafter. Thus, this was only the second time he viewed Heaven Connect City's scenery.

Regardless of the number of times he had seen it, Heaven Connect City's magnificence and vastness were astounding.

Even the once-flourishing Snow Capital of the Snow Empire paled very much in comparison to Heaven Connect City. The difference was as vast as comparing a village to a sprawling city.

A moment later—

The airship traveled past multiple layers of protective formations and was fast approaching the divine temple.

Once again, Ye Qingyu was awestruck by the glory of the congress divine temple as he viewed it from close range. The congress divine temple was humongous, as though it could support the heavens, and it did not look as though it was built by mere mortals. Despite the fact that he stood on an airship that was more than four thousand meters above ground, he still had to raise his head to look up in order to view the divine temple as they drew closer. The black divine temple almost completely blocked the sun's rays and cast a large shadow across Heaven Connect City.

The congress divine temple ahead of him could not be precisely classified as a temple. It looked more like a huge city that reached toward the heavens. The temples were all connected and divine statues filled the place. It was as though numerous grand divine temples and divine statues had combined to form the most majestic of buildings in the world. A broad, stone staircase and a wide road weaved through it like a divine belt as though silver dragons and golden serpents were slithering through the main buildings. The buildings that surrounded it would be considered landmarks in other cities but next to the divine temple, they faded into the background.

"Heaven Connect City… I'm guessing its name probably came from this towering congress divine temple," Ye Qingyu realized.

As the airship made its way forward, the towering and majestic congress divine temple seemed even more imposing, as though it was a castle carved from dozens of towering ancient divine mountains, reaching toward the high heavens. Ye Qingyu tried his best but still could not spot the tip of this divine temple, as if it were never-ending.

The airship was at least six thousand meters above the ground, and just like the previous time that they passed by the divine temple, it could only maintain the same height as the platform beside the divine temple.

Upon careful observation, Ye Qingyu discovered that large squares that could hold thousands of people were located every one thousand meters halfway up the divine temple. These squares were suspended in midair, halfway up the divine temple, and were at least five thousand meters above ground. They seemed to be floating in the clouds and came in all sorts of shapes, but their floors were all paved with black jade and engraved with drawings and patterns from the era of ancient gods and demons. They were beautiful and elegant, beyond the imagination of mere mortals.

The divine temple also had lifelike statues of all sorts of ancient spiritual birds and mythical beasts that were scattered throughout the divine temple like giant pillars that reached for the heavens. These statues stood tall and imposing and they all contained formations that were almost transparent and rippled slightly as the wind blew. However, the power contained within them caused Ye Qingyu to shiver. He could sense a terrifying ancient aura from these statues.

Every square was located near the ports for warships and airships.

Countless airships moved across the Void like swarms of insects and interwove between the divine temple's ports. They ascended and descended, all in a flurry of activity. Several warships were docked at the ports; some of them were awaiting the signal to ascend, while some wove through the clouds and made their descent to the ground.

It was astounding to see just how many warships and flying ships were making their way across the various ports.

However, these ships all moved in an orderly manner.

Once again, Ye Qingyu was astonished. This scene seemed to explode in his mind and left him shaken.

"This is the true civilization of the martial way. This is how a prosperous, advanced civilization on the martial way should function. It's no wonder that countless forces and people look down on the Heaven Wasteland Domain and frequently refer to us as a 'lower domain'. From their perspective, they're not wrong. Compared to this scene, Heaven Wasteland's civilization is indeed lagging behind by thousands of years."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 826:


Chapter 843 - Little Boy



To one side, Yu Xiaoxing's beautiful eyes were filled with shock.

Apparently, she, too, did not expect Heaven Connect City's martial culture to have become developed to such a refined level. The sight of so many warships and airships, as packed as locust swarms, easily caused one to imagine that wherever they passed would be swept barren.

When the two exchanged glances, they saw the shock and heaviness in each other's eyes.

This was the first time they truly realized the might and monstrosity of the Alliance of Domains.

The airship was moving ever closer to the congress divine temple.

Less than five minutes later.

As the airship slowly approached the eighteenth airport of the divine temple, it issued a signal to request landing.

As the saying goes, a mountain in the horizon always appears closer than it actually takes to reach. It took the airship a full thirty minutes to navigate its way to and berth at the airport, seven kilometers above ground.

A divine temple guard was already waiting on the path next to the airport.

"Welcome to the congress divine temple of the Alliance of Domains. Please follow me, you two." After speaking tersely with an indifferent expression on his face, he led Yu Xiaoxing and Ye Qingyu to ride on a formation vehicle, which was unique to the Alliance of Domains, toward the temple waiting area of this level.

The two were led to a side hall which was not far from the eighteenth airport.

This side hall was a fair distance away from the main hall. Via several portal formations, the journey would take at most fifteen minutes and would entirely not be done on foot.

This place was specially designated as a resting area.

The duo was arranged seats in the lobby.

Made of a peculiar type of red rock and finely embellished by lapis stones, the walls of the lobby looked distinct and magnificent. Apart from stone tables and chairs which were uniformly-colored, semi-partitioned, and neatly-arranged, there was not much else lying about. Sitting on nearly every seat were figures of diverse appearances who came in small groups and seemed to be waiting for something.

"Please wait here, the two of you. This is your queue nameplate..." The guard handed a hexagonal token with a number mark to Ye Qingyu. "Please do not casually move about or leave the side hall."

The duo gently nodded their heads.

After everything was well-arranged, the guard turned and left.

A long waiting time would ensue.

Observing their surroundings, the duo realized that there were many representatives, some of whom were humans, around.

At present, everyone was holding on to a queue nameplate while quietly waiting.

"Seems that it isn't just the Heaven Wasteland Domain that's waiting here today... Could all these people also be preparing to enter the main hall? And this is just one of many side halls. By my calculations, there might be tens of thousands waiting to enter the main hall for today alone... This... Could the Alliance of Domains have specially convened a meeting for the grading of the Heaven Wasteland Domain?"

Ye Qingyu was somewhat puzzled.

While taking note of the people and buildings around, Yu Xiaoxing was also pondering to herself. An astonished look appeared over her fair and exquisite visage, suggesting that she had similar thoughts to Ye Qingyu.

It's kind of unbelievable that within a side hall are already so many waiting representatives from various domains and forces. How many people can the congress divine temple actually accommodate?

Yet, the only thing we can do now is to wait here quietly, according to the guard's instructions.

However, waiting was a very heart-sapping activity.

Time ticked by.

Four hours passed.

As the numbers kept on progressing, people from the same side hall as Ye Qingyu began to be requested to enter the main hall. However, based on their queue number, their turn was still a long time away and certainly would not be within the next four hours.

This speed, or lack thereof, caused Ye Qingyu to grow rather impatient.

He thus began using the time to silently operate the nameless breathing technique to cultivate his own body while sitting where he was.

Another two hours passed.

Unwittingly, it was already afternoon.

There were still many representatives waiting in the side hall.

No messenger had to come to call out the duo's number.

However, they did not reveal their impatience outwardly and simply sat down waiting quietly, for they knew that nothing they did would be of use.

Over this morning time, they had already attracted the attention of others. Many representatives of other forces seemed to have vaguely recognized their identities. After all, as rarely-seen yet prominent characters, they were extremely conspicuous even amongst a huge crowd.

Quite a number of curious eyes were furtively noticing them.

There were fingers pointing their way and several indistinct whispers.

"Look, doesn't that white-clothed and black-haired young human look familiar? Isn't he that Demon King Ye who's rumored to have scared the crap out of the Black Moon Immortal Palace? He looks very alike those formation drawings!"

"No doubt, it's that Demon King Ye who single-handedly provoked the Black Moon Immortal Palace and shocked the Road of Chaos. Hmm, that beautiful and noble girl beside him should be the legendary Heaven Wasteland Empress."

"Yes, I think so too. I've heard that the grading of the Heaven Wasteland Domain will take place within these two days... They're indeed characters of the moment and possess extraordinary temperament. This Demon King Ye quite clearly possesses some of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei's] bearing, and indeed appears capable of single-handedly confronting the entire Black Moon Immortal Palace."

"Haha, no wonder the pearl of the Phoenix Race and the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race would protect him. Such a handsome thing would surely attract lots of female attention."

All kinds of whispered discussions were heard in the area.

After some further time, several representatives from other forces began to walk in succession toward the duo's position. Most of them were human representatives and greeted the duo genially, with their words also expressing goodwill. Their intentions were apparently to establish relations.

Yu Xiaoxing received them with great propriety.

Since young, she had been groomed as a successor of the Heaven Wasteland imperial family, and thus her manners were of the highest standards. Furthermore, she had braved a few trials by now and received a number of Heaven Connect City forces over the past few days, and so she took to this like a duck to water.

To one side, Ye Qingyu had his eyes closed as he dozed away all his time, not acknowledging a single person.

This sort of behavior was in keeping with his image as Demon King Ye, and so nobody thought too much about it.

Yet another hour or so passed.

There were some strange movements among the crowd in the waiting area.

A few odd-looking and burly-figured representatives, whose facial features and hair bore some features of either the Demon Race or the Brute Race, took out a few animals they had brought along in their personal storage spaces. From the looks of it, they were about to have their meals in this side hall.

Evidently, they were frequenters here and, being more familiar with the environment and tempo of waiting for the Alliance's congress, had made adequate preparations,

At this time, the side hall became rather boisterous.

As if knowing that death was near, those wildly-hopping fowls, and wild pigs and cows which were even bigger and stronger than humans, made whining noises. However, those Demon Race and Brute Race beings, whose one arm were comparable to a human expert in size, were already accustomed to this.

They grabbed the live poultry and beasts and snapped the bodies into pieces, causing fresh blood to splatter on their own clothes. Not minding this, they gobbled down their food.

Although many humans on scene smelt the blood and felt revolted, nobody revealed a shocked expression.

After all, these foreign race representatives were not necessarily evil beings, and instead were simply used to their barbaric lifestyles. Then again, their battle strength was not to be underestimated, for anyone who could appear here was certainly not ordinary.

It was profoundly unpleasant for such a barbaric scene to suddenly appear in an environment like this which exuded so much refinement, such that even Ye Qingyu could not refrain from taking a few more looks.

Perhaps because it was lunchtime, the surrounding atmosphere had become noisy.

Just then, a soft voice was heard not far away.

"Mama... I'm hungry."

It was spoken in a tone of utmost forbearance, which yet contained a hint of grievance and uneasiness.

Logically speaking, this babyish voice should be drowned out by the din of the crowd, yet for some reason, Ye Qingyu heard it clearly during that moment.

Also, for some reason, the strings of his heart were heavily tugged by this voice.

He could not help opening his eyes and turning his head to look in the direction of the voice's source.

Behind a stone pillar five meters or so away from the duo, cuddling together was an isolated- and terrified-looking mother and her three- or four-year-old son who had spoken those words.

Looking in her twenties, the mother wore an aqua-colored brocade long dress and had her hair tied in a simple bun with only a plain wooden hairpin. Her willowy brows, pearl-like eyes, and jade-like skin gave her a pretty and gentle look, while there were shades of nobility in her temperament. However, her expression appeared rather haggard and exhausted, and her dress was an odd match for her temperament.

Snuggling tightly in her arms was a young boy who had a refined look with his short and curled black hair, large limpid eyes, slightly-flushed cheeks, and fair skin. One could tell with a glance that this cute little child was from a rich and powerful family.

At his age, he should be lively and carefree, yet for the moment, he had become rather weak due to hunger and exhaustion.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 827:


Chapter 844 - The Seeming Visit of an Old Friend



Apart from that, Ye Qingyu also saw a faint terror in the lovely and refined little boy's eyes, as if the boy was a bunny who had just stepped out of a conservatory and was wary of the harsh and foreign environment outside.

"Mama, hungry." The child kept his voice down and puckered his dry lips, on which bloodstains had cracked.

Hearing the boy's cries, the mother, who seemed to be in a trance, was abruptly woken up. It was only after she looked warily around the place that she embraced her child tightly in her arms. Her face revealed her remorse and heartache, while tears formed delicately in her eyes.

"Be good, Ning'er. Endure for a little longer, just a little..." With her eyes already turned red, she kissed him on the forehead and managed to hold back from crying out. Her expression was sorrowful yet tenacious, while a ball of flames burned in the depths of her eyes.

Ye Qingyu was moved by this scene.

Although he did not know what this bizarre woman had gone through, why she had brought this child to the congress divine temple, and why she did not have a seat and had to linger at the corridor, he was moved by the expressions on their faces.

"Mama... I understand and will be obedient... I'll just swallow two more sips of saliva... and won't be hungry for a while..." As if feeling his mother's helplessness and seeing the tears in her eyes, the child immediately became sensible and comforted her instead.

Despite his words, his huge dark eyes could not help staring at the food in the hands of the lunching adults in the distance as he swallowed his saliva incessantly to try and drive the hunger away.

The woman tightly hugged her son in her arms.

After a while.

Ning'er's body shuddered as he looked at his mother with a little hesitation before saying unbearably, "But Mama... I'm still hungry... It's been three days without food, my mouth is full of a bitter taste and I don't have anymore saliva to swallow... Mama, I'm sorry."

Tears reddened the mother's eyes at once.

She gently caressed him and let out a sigh. After briefly hesitating, she slowly stood up.

As they say, a mother is the most resolute creature of all.

It seemed, at that moment, that her motherly instincts overcame all of her inner timidity and restraint.

After peering hazily all around, she made up her mind and walked up to a human expert not far away.

The latter was a tall man in his thirties who wore a dark-green brocade robe and a golden crown which tied his long hair up.

"Kind sir, my child is hungry, may I ask if you can..."

The mother bowed her body in salute as part of an upper-class etiquette, yet she was evidently not used to this form of begging. Her cheeks were flushed, her hands were clasped together, and her fingertips were trembling involuntarily, all making her look highly awkward.

Perhaps she had suddenly fallen into abjection due to running into some trouble, but she was clearly well-educated in her earlier life, judging from her straight back and temperament.

Unfortunately, the human expert bore no sympathy at all.

"Get lost, you cursed thing!"

The human expert berated, with his slender and sharp eyes filled with impatience and detestation.

This voice alarmed quite a number of other representatives, such that several dozen pairs of eyes instantly looked toward the woman whose head was lowered as she puckered her tips tightly in forbearance. These sharp eyes unceasingly sized up the woman with uncertainty, contempt, and more so, apathy and numbness.

As the amount of attention increased, the man's arrogance grew.

He sneered, "You two, mother and son, look poor and cursed, and god knows how you entered this divine temple. It's been three to four days since you stinking beggars have arrived, yet there's still no sign of your turn to enter the main hall, and you don't even seem to have a queue nameplate. You're nothing but a jinx! I have important things to do today, so stay away from me. If you dare affect my business, you'll be in for it!"

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

From this man's words, the mother and son had been waiting for three to four days in the side hall and had attracted a fair bit of attention. Over the past two days, some people had privately discussed why they had been allowed into the congress divine temple despite seemingly lacking in status and power. But, because they remained very low-key and quiet, spending most of their time cuddling together as they waited, the crowd gradually forgot about them.

Seeing his mother being insulted by a stranger, the little boy immediately ran over. "Ma... Mama... I don't need to eat anymore... I'm not hungry... It's true, look, I have strength again. Mama, don't beg them anymore..." As if he had grown up into a little man, the boy shielded in front of his mother, clenching his fist to hide his fear. "Baddie, you are not to insult Mama..."

"Ning'er!"

The woman cried and quickly ran over to embrace her child in her arms.

Clinging on to each other, the mother and son quietly returned to their original place.

Having seen this, the other people paid no further attention. After all, each of them was an eminent and honorable representative of their respective race and was preoccupied with the important matters they had to deal with, and thus naturally did not concern themselves with such a trivial incident.

"Little boy, come over. I have things to eat over here."

A soft and gentle voice was heard among the hubbub.

Wearing a smile as warm as sunshine, Yu Xiaoxing faced the mother and son.

She was holding a brocade handkerchief, embroidered with bamboo leaf patterns, on which were several divine fruits which could instantly replenish one's physical strength and several exquisite and tasty-looking snacks.

Ning'er's eyes lit up and his body leaned forward, but just as he was about to rush forward to all those good food, he remembered something and turned his head to look at his mother with an inquiring expression on his face.

Beside him, his mother's eye expression was rather complex, but she eventually made eye contact with Yu Xiaoxing, who she carefully sized up before ascertaining to be trustworthy. She then nodded in acknowledgment and caressed Ning'er's head, saying, "Go, and remember to thank this sister."

"Yes, I will!"

Despite having become so weak that he could not walk without stumbling earlier, he was, for some unknown reason, able to dart toward Yu Xiaoxing.

"Eat slowly and don't choke. If it isn't enough, I have more here." The latter smiled warmly and took out a water bag from her storage space before handing it over.

"Thank... Thank you, Fairy Sister..." Clearly ravenous, Ning'er stuffed his mouth with divine fruits and snacks before remembering his mother's exhortations and immediately thanked Yu Xiaoxing.

After laboriously ingurgitating all of the food in his mouth, he rapidly picked up another bright-red fruit which had a fragrant smell. Just as he was about to open his mouth, he suddenly stopped and looked at Yu Xiaoxing with a sweet smile, asking, "Elder sister, this is delicious... Can I bring this to mama? She, too, hasn't eaten in three days..."

"Ning'er, keep that for yourself if you're still not full. I have some more here which you can bring over and eat together with mama." Yu Xiaoxing took out a few more divine fruits and wrapped them carefully in the handkerchief before handing them to Ning'er.

"Thank you, elder sister!"

Overjoyed, Ning'er performed a hold-fist salute before bringing the food gingerly back to his mother.

Ye Qingyu quietly watched this from start to finish without saying a word.

Not long later, the mother and son finished eating all of the food.

Ning'er patted his stomach in satisfaction. His face had regained a healthy color and his spirit was a lot better than before. A faint smile finally emerged on his mother's face as she lovingly looked at her child.

She pulled out a small kerchief and thoroughly wiped Yu Xiaoxing's brocade handkerchief and then Ning'er's mouth with it. Subsequently, she led her son by the hand and walked up to Yu Xiaoxing.

"We cannot thank you enough for your timely assistance... I've already wiped your handkerchief clean..." Her face flushed unnaturally once more.

"You're welcome. Ning'er's such an obedient child. I was never this resolute at his age." Smiling, Yu Xiaoxing waved at the boy and continued, "Ning'er, tell me, why did you and mama come?"

"Fairy Sister, papa was killed by a baddie... and a gang wanted to harm me and mama... She brought me to escape and told me we had to come here to find an Uncle Ren... As long as we can find him... Nobody would dare harm us again..." seemingly trustful of Yu Xiaoxing, Ning'er raised his cheeks and said with an earnest face.

Because of his young age, Ning'er did not really understand what he had encountered, while his mother probably put things across to him in a sugar-coated manner. As a result, he sounded somewhat muddled when trying to explain.

Moreover, he was certainly terrified deep down by these encounters, and so he recollected them intermittently and fearfully.

However, standing behind him all this while, his mother did not expect him to divulge everything and swiftly revealed a flurried look before saying in a harsh voice, "Ning'er, don't talk nonsense."

The diminutive child was shocked.

He had apparently been frightened by his mother's sudden harshness.

Rubbing the corners of his eyes, he appeared somewhat aggrieved, yet could not help looking at his mother as he explained softly, "But... Mama, I think this Fairy Sister is a good person."

Yu Xiaoxing laughed non-committally, saying, "Don't worry about me, I bear no malice."

Just then...

Huh?

A surprise emerged in the eyes of Ye Qingyu, who had remained silent throughout.

The mother did not wear any precious ornaments, presumably because she had exchanged all of her valuable items for food ever since running into trouble. However, Ye Qingyu noticed from his peripheral vision that latched at her waist was a two-finger-wide green jade token pendant, on which token was engraved a totem of a coiled dragon soaring into the sky. This was exactly the same totem as the one on the dark-iron token which Tian Huayu of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect had once given him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 828:


Chapter 845 - Mr. Ren's Friend



"Your Excellency... are you from the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Hearing this, the woman looked immensely shocked and terrified.

Without hesitation, she pulled Ning'er into her arms, with her eyes betraying her fear and tension. She then lightly stepped back while saying, "No no no, you... you're mistaken. We don't know any Ancient Sky Dragon Sect..."

Only she and her son managed to escape when an upheaval occurred in their sect. Along the way, they were constantly pursued and thus had to conceal their identities as they went through untold sufferings. They practically did not speak to anyone else and only arrived here with great difficulty. Hence, the woman was naturally startled to be recognized by Ye Qingyu without knowing if he was a friend or a foe.

Ye Qingyu could sense her trepidation.

He explained laughingly, "Your Excellency, don't get me wrong, I'm not an enemy of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. Some time ago, on the Fierce Beast Peak of Taowu Mountain Range, I met the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect master, Tian Huayu, who later perished in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss. Before his death, I saw on him the same totem as the one engraved on your waist jade token, and that's why I asked."

"Elder Brother, you saw Grandpa?" As expected of a child's temperament, Ning'er could not help asking when he heard YeQingyu, "What do you mean he perished? Papa and Mama said he went sightseeing and would not be back for a long time. He loved me most, and I miss him..."

As they say, a child speaks whatever is on his mind.

The young mother had thought about restraining her son but chose not to after some hesitation. She was nofool, and had noted earlier that many important persons and experts greeted and cottoned up to the duo when they appeared, and thus had naturally guessed that their statuses were extraordinary.

Moreover, Yu Xiaoxing's provision of food to Ning'er showed that she should not be a bad person, and being a human as well afforded the young mother a greater degree of trust in her.

"That's right. Grandpa went to a faraway place to sightsee. He said he misses Ning'er a lot and will come back when Ning'er's all grown up." Ye Qingyu sighed inwardly as he stood up and gently caressed the little boy's head, before smiling to the young mother, saying, "Why not we talk for a while? Though I only met Master Tian once, we can be considered old friends already. You seem to have run into some kind of trouble. Perhaps you can tell me about it, and I'll see what I can do."

The young mother eventually nodded and acknowledged after some hesitation, and walked up to the half-separated seats of the duo.

"Thank you so much for your assistance. Qin Hui is deeply grateful." Since the woman had already sat down, she dropped her guard and appeared a lot calmer than before. Nevertheless, she tightly held on to her son as she looked at Ye Qingyu and said, "Your Honor, you said you saw my father in the Black Demon Abyss?"

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "So it turns out that you're Master Tian's daughter-in-law, and this must be his grandchild... I wonder why you two are here today, and look..."

"Look so embarrassing?" Qin Hui laughed bitterly. "It is a long story. After my father's death in the Black Demon Abyss, there was internal strife in the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect..."

After the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect master's death in the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss, the already-declining sect was left without a leader. When internal strife broke out as people contended for leadership, several elders joined hands and conducted a purge. The rightful successor, Tian Yunlong, was plotted against, forcing him to flee together with his wife and son, but he eventually died fighting halfway, together with many disciples who remained loyal to the old master and also died while protecting Qin Hui and her son.

Before his death, Tian Yunlong handed a jade token to his wife.

It was an item handed down by a former sect master. As the story went, several hundred years ago, this master was exploring an ancient ruins when he unwittingly rescued a human in distress. Owing a favor to the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, this human told him that if he ever needed help, he could come to the Alliance of Domains' Heaven Connect City and find this human in the central divine temple using this token.

At first, the former sect master did not value this jade token much.

Later on, however, as the human he rescued rapidly grew in power and became increasingly famous, the former sect master realized how valuable this jade token was, such that it could be said to concern the future of the sect. Hence, he preserved it carefully and told no one else about it, while resolving not to use it trivially. After all, as a one-time favor, it should be kept until the sect encountered a life-and-death crisis, when it could certainly bring the sect back to life.

Before venturing to the Black Demon Abyss, the old master probably knew of the danger, and so handed the jade token to his son while only vaguely explaining its use. Later on, Tian Yunlong handed it to his wife, hoping that she could use it to stay alive.

After recounting everything in detail, Qin Hui took out the jade token.

"This is the jade token. The final hope of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect is attached to it." With that, she handed it to Ye Qingyu.

The latter was taken aback.

He never thought that she would actually trust him enough to show him the jade token.

After a brief hesitation, he received the jade token and could not help taking another look at Qin Hui.

"This woman is no simple person."

As Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing exchanged glances, they saw similar ideas in each other's eyes, and understood why Qin Hui had handed the jade token over.

She, too, inwardly let out a sigh of relief when Ye Qingyu accepted the jade token.

At this stage, she displayed her boldness and decisiveness as the former young madam of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect. Since she had already explained everything, there was no longer anything to hide. Her decision to disclose the entire secret was not because she completely trusted the duo, but because she chose to take a gamble.

That was the only thing she could do given her current circumstances.

It had been five or six days since the mother and son arrived in the side hall. In order to come here, she sold everything valuable she had, and it would be no exaggeration to say that she was completely broke. Although she had the jade token, there was still no sight of
that
person, whose status was so high that only he recognized the token, whereas others did not understand its meaning despite having seen it.

As the saying goes, the King of Hell's minions are more vicious than himself.

This was indeed the relevant principle.

Such a situation caused Qin Hui to realize that waiting here was not a good idea.

There was a chance that, despite possessing the jade token, she would be kicked out by the divine guards before she had seen the person, rendering her previous efforts completely futile. Moreover, the rebels of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect had already chased their way into the city, meaning that time was short for the mother and son.

Hence, her only choice was to gamble.

She also believed that Ye Qingyu's acceptance of the jade token after listening to her explanation in full meant that he was willing to take care of this matter in order to help her and her son. Although she did not recognize who these young and noble-spirited man and woman were, she could tell that they were of high status based on their temperament and bearing, as well as the way that others curried favor with them, and so she was fairly certain that they could be of help to her.

This was Qin Hui's entire plan.

After carefully looking at the jade token, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt it to be rather familiar. He thus conducted an even more serious examination, after which a faint smile emerged on his face. This was because he possessed a similar jade token, except that his was several grades above Qin Hui's, whether in terms of exquisite craftsmanship or material used.

"What's the name of this jade token's owner?"

Ye Qingyu already had a name on his mind, but he asked nevertheless.

Without hesitation, Qin Hui replied, "My husband didn't say it clearly before he died. All I know is that the surname is Ren."

Ye Qingyu became more certain when he heard this.

"Alright, I understand what you mean. Rest assured that I'll hand this jade token to that Mr. Ren. The two of you may wait here."

Hearing this, Qin Hui became overjoyed at once. "Your Honor, do you mean that you know this Mr. Ren?"

Ye Qingyu smiled, "If I'm not wrong, I do know him."

"Elder brother, are you really able to help Mama?" Tian Ning raised his head and asked expectantly, with his innocent eyes containing delight.

Ye Qingyu gently patted his head, " Yes, don't worry."

He had already decided to lend a hand to the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect regarding this matter.

This was first because the old master of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect had, before death, asked him for a favor which he agreed to at that time. Secondly, the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect had a glorious history and was once the mainstay of the Human Race. It would hence be bad for the Human Race if such a sect was to fall into chaos.

Moreover, this pair of mother and son was truly pitiful.

As the conversation went on, a divine guard came over.

"Your Honors, it's your turn. Please follow me," he politely said.

Ye Qingyu and Yu Xiaoxing were reinvigorated when they heard this.

Is it really the Heaven Wasteland Domain's turn?

Ye Qingyu stood up and pointed towards the mother and son as he said to the guard, "These two people are not only my but also Mr. Ren's friends. I wonder if it's fine for them to sit here while waiting?"

Hearing this, the guard looked somewhat surprised, for he knew that someone of Ye Qingyu's status would not lie. He had seen Qin Hui and her son several times already but had never imagined that they were Mr. Ren's friends. He thus realized that he had been negligent earlier.

"That's certainly no problem. Your Honor, rest assured that I'll take good care of your friends." Knowing Mr. Ren's status and capability, the guard switched to a respectful tone.

"Many thanks."

The duo followed the guard to the portal of the central divine temple.

The moment which would decide the destiny of the Heaven Wasteland Domain had finally arrived.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

