Chapter 1129:


Chapter 1144 - A Prelude to a Legend


The Royal City of the Guardians was not an actual city.

It was the collective name of the Dark Realm's core residential area.

This area sprawled on for millions of kilometers and it was a great basin that was surrounded by shattered peaks. From above, these shattered peaks naturally formed a huge city wall and this was how it came to be known as the Royal City. The Guardians' camp decided to capitalize on this natural barrier and built garrisons there and many intellectual races lived within the city. A large majority of them were Alien Dark Ones and they were considered to be very lowly. They toiled as hard as oxen to serve the lofty Guardians.

After journeying for three days and nights, the airship finally arrived at the outskirts of the Royal City.

There was a multitude of dark beasts that lived outside the natural mountainous city walls and the area outside the Royal City was a primitive, barren, and terrifying wasteland.

As they headed toward the Royal City, Ye Qingyu observed that there was a huge population of dark beasts and they were made up of a variety of complex species, as many as the stars in the sky. They were primitive, brutal and even more terrifying than the Guardians' camp, but because they lacked an intellectual creature to mobilize and unite them, they each fought their own battles. Their kings and sovereigns would each reign over a certain territory and divided the area amongst themselves, so they lived rather harmoniously.

He looked toward the distance from the airship.

He couldn't help but gasp in admiration when he saw the natural city walls that surrounded Royal City. These shattered peaks were lofty and towering and stood erect at a ninety-degree angle from the ground, completely preventing the dark beasts that prowled outside from entering. This was a natural protective barrier around the city that kept the citizens who lived in the area around Royal City.

This geographical phenomenon couldn't have formed naturally.

Ye Qingyu speculated that this geographical feature was probably deliberately created by the ancient Great Emperors who joined forces to form the Dark Realm in order to protect the lives of those who resided in the city.

Outside, dusk was starting to fall and he took in the scene, full of emotion.

He looked up at the sky and through the black fog and mist, he could see the beautiful starry sky. As the stars twinkled, he couldn't help but remember the theories that he saw on the hard disks that [The Beginning] had given him.

According to the ancient civilization on Earth, ever star in the sky represented a different world that was just like the world that the formation martial artists lived in. Based on this theory, the domains throughout the Vast Thousand Domains might just possibly be different individual planets. The Domain Gates that connected the various domains together were known as Stargates in their civilization.

Those who used to live on Earth had used the Stargates to travel from planet to planet and established the Star Empire, conquering large swathes of the galaxy and ruled over countless planets. If he were to explain using the example of the Vast Thousand Domains founded by formation martial artists, it was as though they had used the Domain Gates formed by a Formation Martial Emperor on a galaxy somewhere far away.

If different domains were actually different planets, then the Heaven Wasteland Domain should be known as Heaven Wasteland Star, Clear River Domain as Clear River Star, and the various other domains known as Dragon Human Star, Heavenly Dragon Ancient Star, and so on. Were these the actual names of these domains?

Had the formation martial artists been traveling through different planets as they moved across different domains?

The different theories of the two different civilizations could very well be referring to the same thing.

In fact, he thought that the theories made by scientists on the ancient civilization on Earth had a clearer explanation and seemed more logical. These theories managed to logically explain the various natural phenomena occurring in the universe and this gave him a new perspective of this universe.

Obviously, he would need to find an opportunity to validate those theories.

If the theories on Earth proved to be true, then this would greatly benefit his martial way. He would have to seriously think about how he should approach his method of becoming Emperor since every Martial Emperor would have to find their own unique path that belonged to them. Thus, he had an inkling that his own Emperor Path might just be related to the theories on Earth.

"Lord Zhang Longcheng, we're here," Linghu Buxiu said with a smile.

He noticed that Ye Qingyu was deep in thought and assumed that he was contemplating how he was going to establish his position at Royal City.

"Oh?" Ye Qingyu nodded. "We're finally here."

Royal City was not as heavily guarded as he had initially assumed, but the airship still had to be examined by the garrison stationed along the natural city wall. The entire process wasn't very complicated but was instead, rather simple. The checks seemed to be just a formality and the guards stationed at the garrison were the Heavenly Guards formed by the Guardians and not the Sinners Army that were truly powerful.

Then, the airship continued its path into the city.

The area closest to the natural city wall was where the Alien Dark Ones resided, just like the situation at Central City of Luoshen Ridge. This area was relatively barren and remote with harsh living conditions. It was also the area where the weakest and lowliest of tribes amongst the Alien Dark Ones resided. The closer they got to the center of Royal City, the better the conditions were. This was like a radiation circle that started from the Central City and grew outwards in a series of rings.

They continued flying for another six hours before they finally arrived at the Central City of Royal CIty.

The checks that had to be conducted before they could enter Central City were more stringent.

They were only allowed to enter after their travel permits and identity were verified.

Arrangements were made for Ye Qingyu to stay temporarily at an inn since it was already the middle of the night and Nie Tiankong was so busy that his schedule was completely packed. He would only formally receive Ye Qingyu when he managed to find time to do so.

"Lord Zhang Longcheng, Lord Nie Tiankong is incredibly busy recently, but he has been looking forward to your arrival," Linghu Buxiu said to Ye Qingyu as he bid him farewell. He only said this because he was afraid that Ye Qingyu would feel insulted.

He had stationed ten guards at the inn who were ordered to obey Ye Qingyu.

"Ha ha, no problem. I'm well aware of his predicament, so I wouldn't dare to complain," Ye Qingyu sent Linghu Buxiu off with a smile. "Brother Linghu Buxiu, this journey must have been hard on you, I'll be sure to express my gratitude in the future."

"Ha ha, you're welcome."

Then, Linghu Buxiu left.

Ye Qingyu retired to his room to rest.

After he closed the door to his room, he went to the windowsill.

His room was on the sixth floor of the inn and it was relatively high above ground so he could admire the surrounding streets and take in the night view when he opened the windows.

The Central CIty of the Guardians' was naturally much livelier than Luoshen Ridge.

It was already deep into the night and there was a curfew imposed on Central City, so other than the guards patrolling the area, there wasn't anyone else on the streets, neither could he see many lamps along the streets, so everything was pitch black. Naturally, with his sharp vision, he was able to see that Central City was extremely big but it was definitely not as bustling as Heaven Connect City, Sunrise City, or the other major cities in the Vast Thousand Domains. It was not as beautiful nor as polished as those cities, but was instead rougher and coarser. It was clear that the founders of this city had spent a lot of effort into city planning. The buildings were all constructed from the same type of rock and if they ever went to war, all these buildings could be used as fortifications.

As he stood in front of the windowsill, purple qi swirled in his eyes.

He boldly observed the qi within Central City and could tell that there were experts from the qi in this city.

Since he had already mastered the [Eyes of the Void] and at his current cultivation realm, Ye Qingyu was able to see everything except for Martial Emperors. Even a Quasi-emperor that could mask his aura would not be able to escape his detection.

Soon, this world split into black and white in his vision. There were rays of colorful light pillars that shot into the sky right in the middle of those two colors, like rays of flaming divine pillars that rose from the ground to the heavens. They were exceptionally eye-catching in this world that was only split into black or white and these light pillars were all of varying strengths. Each light pillars' flame and power of laws in their Dao essences represented a different Quasi-emperor martial expert who cultivated distinct techniques.

He took a quick glance and saw close to a hundred such light pillars in his field of vision.

This meant that there were at least a hundred Quasi-emperors in Central City.

He was astonished by the number of Quasi-emperors present.

"I knew that Royal City was where most of the strongest experts of the Dark Realm gathered, but the fact that there are almost a hundred Quasi-emperors here is still an astonishing number. If I take into account the other Quasi-emperors who remain hidden in the various territories of Central City and the Quasi-emperors of the Sinners Army who are not present, there might be almost a thousand Quasi-emperors throughout the Dark Realm.

Ye Qingyu was completely stunned as he recalled his [Eyes of the Void].

This figure was way more than he had been expecting.

A single Quasi-emperor was enough to rule over a patch of the world over at the Vast Thousand Domains and could cause an unknown sect to rise and stand amongst the ranks of the world's major forces, but at the Dark Realm, the area that a Quasi-emperor could rule over was significantly smaller due to the population size. The number of Quasi-emperors showed how terrifyingly powerful the Guardians' camp was and they were so mighty that it could take one's breath away.

"They seem so incredibly powerful but yet, is still not enough to protect them from the Invaders?"

Ye Qingyu had discussed the current situation with Wang Jianru and the female Sword Immortal had been very pessimistic. She thought that if the Invaders launched a large-scale attack within a thousand years, the Dark Realm and the Vast Thousand Domains would be completely helpless to stop them and would be left in ruins in the shortest possible time. These areas would become hell on earth and all races, living creatures and plants would be destroyed.

She made these comments despite knowing that there could be a Martial Emperor standing guard at Royal City.

Ye Qingyu mulled over this and felt a chill run down his spine.

He had already taken note of the light pillars he saw in the void earlier, and the aura and color of each light pillar presented a different martial way and strength, so he would definitely recognize them if he encountered these Quasi-emperors in the future. Moreover, after observing the flaming light pillars today, he could know his enemy as well as himself, and this was the ability of the mysterious technique he used earlier.

He closed the window and started to cultivate in self-isolation.

At the same time, many influential Quasi-emperors across Royal City looked up at the sky in shock and rage.

They had all sensed someone secretly spying on them earlier, but when they wanted to counterattack in their anger, they realized that they were unable to pinpoint the source of this spy and to their surprise, they could not stop this strange power. The aura of this spy seemed very unfamiliar, so did this mean that a new expert had arrived at Royal City, or had an Emperor-level expert just emerged?

A hidden but huge shockwave was already rippling through the top experts of Royal City that night.

These experts didn't know that a legend was about to be born in the Dark Realm.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1130:


Chapter 1145 - Wangyi Bazaar


The day after, Ye Qingyu waited all day long at the inn but Nie Tiankong did not appear. Instead, Linghu Buxiu came to visit and apologetically said that Nie Tiankong was swamped with work and had to personally attend to some matters. He wasn't able to find the time to come and had sent Linghu Buxiu in his stead.

"Lord Zhang Longcheng, this isn't meant to be a slight against you, but Commander Nie Tiankong just can't find the time," Linghu Buxiu said with a smile.

Nie Tiankong was such an important man, but had still personally requested for him to visit Zhang Longcheng despite how busy he was. This showed how much he valued the City Lord of Luoshen Ridge and thus, Linghu Buxiu's attitude towards Ye Qingyu was extremely polite. He said, "Commander Nie Tiankong has now just joined the inner circle of the military headquarters and with his newfound authority, he will need to settle some matters immediately. Lord Zhang Longcheng, please continue to be patient, since Commander Nie Tiankong has already told me to let you know that your appointment is almost finalized and I'm sure you'd be satisfied with it. He truly holds you in high regard."

Ye Qingyu said, "Don't worry. I know that he has to attend to hundreds of important matters every day. Haha, I should seize this opportunity to explore the Royal City. Once I'm officially appointed, I would probably be kept busy working under him, and would probably not have the time to relax anymore."

"Haha, I can tell why Commander Nie Tiankong holds you in such high regard," Linghu Buxiu said with a chuckle.

Linghu Buxiu then took Ye Qingyu and strolled around the Royal City that day, to show him the sights. Ye Qingyu had to admit that as an ancient city that had existed for countless years, everything in this city was full of historical value and looked like it had weathered through all kinds of storms, just like an elderly man who had experienced all the vicissitudes of life. He could see history leaving its mark everywhere he looked, and several significant landmarks that were made of ancient rocks were even full of saber and sword marks; these buildings had clearly weathered through huge battles.

He heard from Linghu Buxiu that the Royal City had once experienced battles and that there were several instances of rebellion. There was even a time when the Invaders attacked the city but ultimately, all the strongest men joined forces to turn the tide around, crushing all invaders and rebuilding the Royal City. Thus, this city represented the greatest glory and honor of the Dark Realm.

This was especially so for the Royal City's Central City and for strategic reasons, almost ninety-nine percent of the buildings here were carved from tough, hard rock and reinforced with countless formations, so they were extremely sturdy. The first and foremost factor deciding these buildings' appearance and the structure was whether they could meet military needs, while the aesthetics took a backseat. This was why the Royal City seemed simple and practically built with an aura that was full of history.

As they spoke, there was the sound of a bamboo flute.

Ye Qingyu followed the sound and a strange look crossed his face as he said, "This area's architectural style seems very different as compared to the rest of the Royal City, doesn't it?"

There were many buildings ahead, but these were not carved from rocks, but were instead formed from luxurious wood and rocks. They were incredibly beautiful with carved eaves and painted walls, colorful and bright. They looked like magnificent jade palaces and were covered with gold and silver foil that glinted brightly under the sun. These buildings were much taller than the surrounding constructions and were completely against the main principle of structures being built for military practicality; they were so exquisite and opulent, that this area seemed to be a picture of superfluous abundance, giving off an exaggerated vibe.

Linghu Buxiu flushed and shook his head. Then, he said with a tinge of resignation, "These are the noblemen's residences and they weren't that opulent in the past, but in the most recent centuries, there were some changes to the habits of those at the very top and these noblemen become more bold and fearless. They started to pursue the pleasures of life and openly flouted the city laws to construct these buildings, also chasing after luxuries... Forget it, I won't talk further of these things. Brother Zhang Longcheng, you must remember that the residents of these buildings are the true people of power at the Royal City and they belong to the upper echelons of the Dark Realm. This doesn't just apply to the people who reside in this area, any dog or pet beast that lives in this area could run amok around the Royal City without any repercussions. You mustn't step on the toes of any creature from this area. Take this as a piece of friendly advice from me."

Ye Qingyu nodded contemplatively.

This level of corruption and decadence could be seen in any major city and he had seen this in the nineteen cities along the Road of Chaos in the Vast Thousand Domains, and at the Snow capital of the Heaven Wasteland Domain. But for a fortress city like the Royal City, this scene just happened to be more striking than the other cities he had been to.

He was slightly disappointed.

Based on his understanding of this world, the titled noblemen were probably given this honor in recognition of their contributions to defeat the Invaders. Yet, this honor was now enjoyed by those who ignored the laws of the camp and indulged in a decadent lifestyle. It was enough for him to see how corrupt the Guardians' camp had become.

Soon, another day flew by.

Linghu Buxiu escorted Ye Qingyu back to his inn and bid him farewell with a salute. "I don't think Commander Nie Tiankong will be able to squeeze some time out over the next few days, so I'll have to trouble you to wait a while longer... Oh, tomorrow is the first day of the semi-annual Wanyi Bazaar and Alien Dark Ones who live outside Central City will be permitted to enter. There will be many strange and exotic items available for sale in the bazaar, and although the chances of you finding a precious treasure on sale are rather slim, it is still a very interesting event. Brother Zhang Longcheng, if you're interested, I could show you around," he said with a smile.

"There's no need to trouble you tomorrow; I can find my way around," Ye Qingyu replied.

Linghu Buxiu nodded and said, "Very well. I already consider you my brother, so there's no need to stand on ceremony. Frankly, I do have many matters to attend to myself, so if you're fine with exploring the bazaar alone, please go ahead. I'll send somebody to show you the way."

Now that Nie Tiankong had risen to power, as his trusted subordinate who had been with him for a while, Linghu Buxiu naturally wanted to angle for some benefits as well. These few days were extremely crucial, so he obviously wanted to be by Nie Tiankong's side and not Ye Qingyu's. Now that one day had been freed up for him, it was a precious opportunity for him.

Ye Qingyu spent the next day at the inn, cultivating and recovering.

On the third day.

It was barely dawn when he could already hear the bustling noises from his window.

The streets that were usually empty are now full of people and it was extremely crowded. There were all kinds of creatures crowding into the city and other than the Human Race, there were also various people from the Demon Race, the Water Race and other races with exotic skin that he had never seen. Some of them carried their burdens on a stick, some carried huge sacks on their backs, some joined forces to carry a huge rack, while others steered carriages driven by dark beasts. It was an extremely colorful and lively scene.

This was just the street in front of the inn, so he could imagine that the other major roads were probably just as crowded.

It was the opening day of the Wanyi Bazaar that was held at the Royal City.

He had asked around yesterday and found out more information about the Wanyi Bazaar.

This was a bazaar that had a history of several centuries and it was only held once every six months. This was the day that the noblemen who resided in the other parts of the Dark Realm, martial artists, and even the lowly Alien Dark Ones were permitted to enter the Central City. They could either trade or purchase the items on sale at the bazaar.

The noblemen who resided at the Central City would also be present.

This was a grand event that the Alien Dark Ones looked forward to and they would swarm into the Central City, carrying their most valuable items for sale, in hopes that they could be traded for items that they needed. After all, almost all the precious items of the entire Dark Realm could be found at the grand bazaar, so they might even come across items that they had always dreamed of, such as materials, herbs, food, jewels, medicinal pills, and even cultivation techniques.

Many living creatures who struggled at the lower rungs of society would treat the Wanyi Bazaar as an opportunity to change their lives.

When the first bell rang, the Wanyi Bazaar opened, along with the cheers from the crowd.

Ye Qingyu was very interested in this event as well.

This was the best opportunity to observe the various other creatures who lived in the Dark Realm. He couldn't miss this chance if he truly wanted to understand the Dark Realm and the Guardians' camp.

Therefore, he appeared at the bazaar soon after it began.

He came alone.

The ten guards stationed at the inn had offered to come along, but he had rejected them. It wouldn't be convenient traveling with these people and with his current abilities, there weren't many people who would be able to make things difficult for him at the Royal City.

The bazaar was very disorganized and there weren't any distinct areas.

Many creatures just sat on the ground and spread out a piece of cloth or drew a circle on the ground, then displayed their goods for sale or trade. They would then loudly peddle their wares, lending this bazaar a primitive vibe.

Ye Qingyu patiently but closely examined his surroundings.

Most of the Alien Dark Ones present were from the Royal City and they were selling very ordinary goods that basically consisted of some fruits, vegetables, or local specialties. The foreign provinces were too far and the journey too fraught with danger, so most Dark Ones would not be able to come to this bazaar. Thus, no one was interested in the items that these Dark Ones were hawking, but they still looked hopefully at each passerby who walked past their stalls, even though it would ultimately still end in disappointment.

The martial artists and noblemen who hailed from the foreign provinces were the ones who sold interesting wares. Besides many regional specialties, they also sold several treasures and rare materials. There were several martial artists who sold their own cultivation techniques, and the blood, flesh, and bones of the dark beasts that they had killed.

Ye Qingyu strolled along the bazaar and would stop to inquire about an item if something caught his eye, and would purchase it after examining it. Thus, by the time it was noontime, he had already purchased quite a few items.

He had also taken a glimpse at a different side of the city.

When it was almost noon, Ye Qingyu was still enjoying himself and was about to look for some place where he could eat when there was a sudden commotion up ahead; all those who were hawking their wares hastily scurried to both sides of the road.

There was the rumbling sound of a carriage passing through.

A fleet of carriages driven by a group of Earth Dragon dark beasts charged into the bazaar and did not even slow down, completely ignoring the overcrowded state of the bazaar, knocking over countless stalls and injuring many Dark Ones in the process as though they didn't exist. The people driving it behaved in an incredibly arrogant and overbearing manner.

"Hey, you lowly creature up ahead, how dare you stand in my way? Get lost! Are you trying to court death?" The man in servant livery yelled from the ornate carriage at the front. He waved his steel whip and hit the Earth Dragon beasts as he yelled at Ye Qingyu who continued to block his path. Then, he flung his whip that moved incredibly quickly, as though he intended to kill Ye Qingyu.

.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1131:


Chapter 1146 - Lend a Helping Hand


The pliant iron whip arced through the air with a destructive force that had the power to shatter stones.

The crowd let out exclamations of shock and surprise, and some had already covered their eyes with their hands, afraid of witnessing the bloody scene that would follow next.

Ye Qingyu's face darkened, but he chose not to counterattack.

Instead, his figure disappeared mysteriously on the spot.

This powerful whip let out a piercing crack as it hit the air that was so loud that it sounded like a thunderous explosion. Airwaves were clearly seen rippling through the sky, a testament of how powerful this whip was. If it had hit its target, even a man made of steel would have been shattered into pieces.

"Hmm?" the servant who was driving the carriage exclaimed in surprise.

He felt his vision blur, then that man disappeared. Was that man a highly-skilled expert?

He didn't think too much into this incident.

After all, there were too many experts at Royal City and even Great Saints didn't dare to act too brashly in front of him. After all, his master was the King of Zhenyuan, so even a dog from that residence could run amok around this bazaar and no one would bat an eyelid even if a few people died.

He turned around and picked out Ye Qingyu from the crowd.

"Pfft, you should count yourself lucky," the driver spat on the ground, then waved his iron whip and urged the Earth Dragon beasts to go faster.

If he didn't have to escort the mistress of the residence today, he would have stepped off the carriage to taught that man a lesson. How dare that man dodge the whip instead of quietly accepting his punishment?

Rumble! Rumble!

The carriage continued to charge forward and it caused a huge commotion everywhere it went. There were shrieks and cries of terror and many Dark Ones were injured, but they could only bear with the insult. What could they do about it since they were such lowly creatures at the bottom of society?

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

As the saying went, a crooked stick will have a crooked shadow, so it was clear the kind of master the arrogant servant was serving.

He had come to the Royal City to carry out some important matters, so he could not afford to spoil his grand plans just because of a moment of impatience. Therefore, he had hesitated for a second, but ultimately chose to dodge in order to avoid unnecessary trouble. If he had been anywhere else, this ruthless servant together with his master would have been killed by him many times over.

Soon, this fleet of carriages passed through the bazaar and disappeared into the distance.

Everyone at the bazaar had yet to recover from the shock and they hastily tried to gather their wares that were scattered everywhere. They had suffered considerable losses, but they were considered lucky compared to the Dark Ones who had been crushed by the Earth Dragons, or injured by the carriage who lay bleeding on the ground, groaning in pain but they could only accept that this was their destiny since some of them had already identified the fleet of carriages as the ones from the King of Zhenyuan's residence. Very few noblemen of the city would dare to offend the King of Zhenyuang's residence.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, his eyes dark and stormy.

He stayed behind and helped to heal the injured and alleviate their agony.

As long as he could still detect a heartbeat, he could easily heal these injured Dark Ones no matter how serious their injuries were and he worked very quickly. Soon, these Dark Ones' expressions changed from wariness and suspicion to gratefulness and looked at him like they had encountered their savior.

"Many thanks."

"I'll never forget your kindness."

"I'd be willing to be your slave in my next life in order to repay your kindness."

The Dark Ones all knelt and kowtowed at his feet as they thanked him profusely.

Ye Qingyu did not reveal his name but turned around and left the scene. This act of kindness hadn't taken much on his part and he didn't need them to repay their gratitude, nor did he want to be famous. He just didn't wish to see these poor people suffering needlessly and since he had the ability to help them, how could he not take compassion on them?

Half a day flew by.

Ye Qingyu was still roaming around the bazaar in the afternoon.

Wanyi Bazaar was extremely big, so he had yet to finish browsing the entire bazaar. He browsed through the bazaar enthusiastically and purchased several items. These items were all little trinkets, but they were very interesting and he purchased gifts for his friends on a whim.

Soon, it was almost time for the bazaar to come to a close.

Ye Qingyu had already arrived at the west exit of the bazaar.

He was about to leave when he heard a commotion from the bazaar nearby and the sounds of someone begging piteously and sobbing. Then, he heard someone admonishing the person who was crying and that voice was extremely overbearing and arrogant. Ye Qingyu's sense of hearing was extremely sharp, so he immediately recognized that arrogant and menacing voice as the triangle-faced servant who had been driving the carriage earlier.

This servant was clearly up to no good again.

Ye Qingyu shook his head. The fact that he had encountered this servant twice in one day had seriously dampened his spirits.

He wanted to leave, but the young man was begging piteously that it tugged at his heart, so he turned around and walked toward the source of the sound.

It was around one hundred meters away and a crowd had already gathered.

Ye Qingyu silently squeezed his way through the crowd.

He saw a stall that was hawking herbs and the owner of the stall was a black-haired Dark One young man who looked about fourteen.

He was clothed in a tattered sackcloth that was so torn that it was wrapped in stripes around his body and barely covered his body, but his hair was clean and washed. His leg was injured and it seemed like it was broken. His leg was tied with strips of sackcloth around a wooden board and various scars covered the exposed skin on his body. Most of these scars didn't look too serious and it seemed like he had been scratched by plants. They had recently scabbed over, so his body looked extremely horrifying.

In other words, the young man was an odd, pitiable young man who was in dire straits.

The young man was on his knees and tears streamed down his cheeks as he begged, "My Lord, I'm fine if you take all these herbs away, but I'm only asking you to give me some money. I journeyed all the way to the Fire Province and almost died trying to pick these herbs just so that I could earn some money from the bazaar to seek treatment for my ailing mother. My mother is dying and she's counting on me to earn money for her treatment... how about this, I'll only charge you five hundred grams, oh no, two hundred fifty grams of origin crystals. I'm begging you..."

The young man continued to beg piteously and kowtowed so hard that his head bled.

Everyone felt very sympathetic toward that young man when they saw what was happening.

The only person who remained indifferent was the triangular-faced servant from the King of Zhenyuan's residence. A smile danced across his face as though he was basking in the pleasure of someone kowtowing to him.

He smiled menacingly as he said, "Goddamnit, you stupid beggar, the fact that the King of Zhenyuan's residence has even taken an interest in your herbs should be an honor in itself, so how dare you ask for money? Are you sick of living? If you know what's good for you, you should present me with all the herbs you have. Otherwise, he he!"

"My Lord, I'm begging you. My mother really needs the money to seek treatment. If I could earn enough to buy a pill that could dispel the toxins in her body, she might have a chance at survival. I put my life on the line to obtain these herbs and broke my leg to harvest these herbs. The rocks and vines had slashed at my body until there's practically no skin left on me..." the young man did not dare to resist, but could only continue begging, hoping that the triangular-faced servant would take pity on him.

To everyone's surprise, the triangular-faced servant raised his foot and delivered a hard kick, sending the young man flying for one or two meters. The young man landed with a loud crack as though a bone had broken and he kept spitting out blood from his mouth.

The crowd exclaimed in surprise.

There were some in the crowd who were no longer able to bear this injustice and started to chatter amongst themselves.

This servant from the residence of the King of Zhenyuan had seriously gone too far and he was extremely evil.

The crowd discussed in hushed whispers and many people pointed at the scene, but no one dared to publicly stand up for the young man.

"Damn it, it's just a tiny bunch of herbs, how dare you demand two hundred fifty grams of origin crystals? You must have gone mad from poverty," the triangular-faced servant felt the judgemental eyes of everyone on him and became even angrier, "Why should I care whether your mother lives or dies? If you continue to resist me, I'll kill you next."

Killing a Dark One, especially one who had journeyed from the Fire Province, would be as easy as killing an ant. This triangular-faced servant could easily kill the young man effortlessly without any scruples.

The young man had almost fainted from pain and blood gushed out from his mouth as he held on tightly to his herbs, but he didn't dare to resist. He was enraged but he knew that he couldn't do anything about it. If he were to be killed, what would happen to his mother who was still lying in the straw shed of the inn? She would die of starvation...

Then, a clear and melodious voice rang out.

"Hmm? I can't believe that someone is selling the Intoxicated Immortal Grass here and it still looks like it's in perfect condition. This is a divine herb of the highest quality and has always been priced so high that few people could afford to purchase it..." a young woman dressed in a fiery red dress walked toward the herb stall and picked up a jadeite-like herb that was as thin as a finger...

The young man froze in surprise.

Everyone's gaze immediately turned toward the herb stall.

The Intoxicated Immortal Grass?

Many people have heard the name of this herb but this herb was known to be extremely precious and it was rumored to be able to enhance the effects of many Immortal-level medicinal pills. It was an elusive herb that was incredibly rare. Many people have heard about it, but few have seen it.

Was the young man truly selling a stalk of Intoxicated Immortal Grass?

Everyone suddenly looked at the young man in a different light.

At the same time, they also realized why the servant from the King of Zhenyuan's residence was so insistent on taking the young man's stall. He must have done so because he noticed that there was a stalk of Intoxicated Immortal Grass amongst all the herbs in his stall.

"Who are you? What kind of nonsense are you spouting? How could there be a stalk of Intoxicated Immortal Grass here," the menacing servant looked at the young woman in her fiery red skirts and yelled, "Get lost. Stop spouting nonsense here, or I might strip you and sell you to the brothel, you stupid whore."

He could tell that this young woman was from the Guardians' camp and from her outfit, she seemed to be a noblewoman of Central City. Nonetheless, there were so many noble families residing at Central City, but how many of them could be on the same level as the King of Zhenyuan's residence?

He was completely fearless.

"You bastard, how dare you speak to my mistress so rudely?" another clear but childish voice rang out as a servant girl wormed out breathlessly from the crowd.

Ye Qingyu glanced at her.

He saw that this girl was not more than twenty years of age and there was still some childish fat on her round cheeks. Her cheeks puffed up when she was angry, which made her seem both childlike and adorable.

He had already known what the servant was after when he arrived and it was true that the Intoxicated Immortal Grass was very precious. However, he didn't step in because he wanted to see how evil this servant could get, but he hadn't expected a young woman and her servant girl to step in first.

He had also noticed this young woman in red before she piped up and saw that she had hesitated for a long while before she finally summoned the courage to speak up, so it was clear that she recognized who the servant served and was wary of provoking him. She hadn't wanted to get involved, but she still managed to summon the courage to speak up for the young man. This showed that she was a kind soul.

She was a kind and beautiful young woman.

She looked very noble and elegant, like a pure, white flower.

Yet, it was also clear that her bravery and righteousness would not be able to stop this shameless servant from committing an evil deed and she might even get into trouble for doing so.

He admired her courage but at the same time, he was enraged.

This man was merely a servant of a King's residence, but he was acting in such an arrogant and fearless manner. The fact that he had even continued to be so savage and brash even when he knew that this young woman was a noblewoman showed how corrupt and rotten the Guardians' Royal City had gotten. It also showed how savage and how much those in power had exploited their authority!

He was bitterly disappointed.

It was only a small incident, but it already reflected the true face of the city.

He realized that the magnificent ancient Royal City of the Guardians that had lasted for countless years, and the so-called Guardians were all like apples with worms in them. They seemed fresh and beautiful on the outside, but they were rotten to the core and continued on their silent course of decay.

How was this camp going to destroy the Invaders who had destroyed countless other civilizations before them?

If it weren't for the Sinners army protecting the Royal City and if the Royal City had relied on these so-called Guardians, it would have already been turned into a pile of rubble.

As he sighed, the evil servant laughed coldly as he pointed at the young woman in red, "You little slut, I know you. You're the Marquis Tao's daughter, aren't you?"

The young woman's expression changed.

She quickly shielded the round-faced servant girl behind her and said, "Watch your mouth."

"Ha ha ha," the evil servant laughed arrogantly. "Bitch, who do you think you are? The daughter of a marquis? Ha ha, stop fooling yourself. Everyone in this city knows that Marquis Tao can't even protect himself now, so you're just a fallen phoenix. In fact, you're even worse than a chicken. How dare you meddle in the affairs of the King of Zhenyuan's residence? Ha ha, you don't know what's good for you... If you kneel and apologize to me now, I'll turn a blind eye to this matter. Otherwise, once you anger the King of Zhenyuan, your entire household shall be destroyed tomorrow."



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1132:


Chapter 1147 An Evil Person Needs to Be Dealt with by Another Evil Person


It was unheard of for a slave to threaten the daughter of a marquis in the Vast Thousand Domains. In fact, no one would believe such a story. However, such an incident was happening in a crowded bazaar at the Royal City of the Guardians. Under so many watchful gazes, the arrogance and impudence of the wretched slave had reached an unbelievable level.

"You wretched slave... sob!"

The young, round-faced maid pointed at the evil slave instinctively, but the teenage girl in red hurriedly covered the maid's mouth with her hand. The maid looked quizzically at her young mistress, and the latter shook her head to signal the dimwitted and unworldly young girl to keep quiet.

"You're merely a house slave and needn't worry about the matters of the Marquis Tao's residence. Do you think you actually represent the King of Zhenyuan?" the teenage girl in red was evidently furious, but she controlled herself and still attempted to reason with the evil slave. "You, however, are bullying others during the Wanyi Bazaar Festival in the name of the King of Zhenyuan. If he knew you were doing this, he would skin you alive."

"Hahaha, you ignorant woman. I don't think you'll have to wait long to be sent into the sex worker camp for the bureaucrats. When I hear the news that the residence of Marquis Tao has been seized, hehe, I'll go there to patronize you. Hahaha!" the evil slave said, laughing very loudly. "How can the tiny residence of Marquis Tao compete with the watchful eye of our Lord? Hehe, do you doubt that I can make the life of your family hard from tomorrow onward just by saying a few words after I get back?"

"You..." the maiden in red was so furious that her face had turned white.

That said, she did not have a better plan.

At first, she had thought that the wretched slave would be a little wary of her, as she was a noble woman from a marquis' family. She believed that she could help the pitiful young man by stepping out to speak for him. After all, his filial piety was very touching, and he was in an extremely pitiful situation. But who knew...

Now, the young woman did not know what to do. She couldn't back down, nor could she force the slave to give in.

The King of Zhenyuan's residence was extremely powerful in the Royal City and went about its activities with much arrogance and impudence. It was many times more influential and stronger than that of Marquis Tao, especially now that the Tao family was in trouble. The young woman felt that she should really not be adding more burden to her family as she thought about her aging and troubled-looking parents, but this young man was really too pitiful to ignore. Besides, he had a sick mother to take care of...

Why were there so many unjust incidents happening to people in the world?

The young woman sighed. She was helpless, but somehow there was a force that supported her. Even though she felt afraid, she did not back down.

"Alright, wretched woman, I'll remember this. When the day comes where you've been sent into the sex worker camp for bureaucrats, I'll come up with many ways to torment you." The evil slave grew increasingly vicious when he saw that the young lady in red would not back down. He sneered and threatened her before turning his attention to the pitiful youth with a shattered leg. "Damned beggar, I'll give you one more chance. Wrap your herbs up and hand them to me. Otherwise, I'll let you wish you were dead today."

The youth was instantly petrified.

His body was trembling and there was no color on his face at all. He looked extremely weak, and he was still spewing blood, but he gritted his teeth and struggled to get up. He bowed to the young woman in red and said, "Thank you, Miss... don't bother about me anymore, please leave."

Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up as he saw this scene unfolding before him.

He thought that this young man was quite a character. Ordinary people would have hugged onto the legs of their would-be saviors and begged for assistance, but the youth did not. Instead, it was obvious that he had noticed the scruples of the young woman, and he did not want to implicate the only person in this bazaar kind enough to speak up for him. As such, he had spoken up to give the young lady an avenue to leave.

He's filial, righteous and strong willed. This young man is a talent worth developing.

Ye Qingyu had made a judgement on the youth in his heart.

The evil slave was simply too vile.

It was far too venomous to be speaking to a young lady about entering a camp of sex workers for bureaucrats.

Ye Qingyu decided to act at this moment.

He did not care, even if it would reveal his true identity.

"Sir, these are the herbs that you want, I'll give all of them to you for free..." the youth said as he erected his body. The sharp pain in his body was still tormenting him, and he was coughing out large mouthfuls of blood as he wrapped up the herbs and handed them over to the evil slave.

"Hehe, seems like you know what's good for you, kid..." the slave sneered coldly.

Was he really unable to afford paying for these herbs? No, he merely loved the thrill of snatching what belonged to others. He felt excited and satisfied upon seeing the indignity, humiliation and pent up rage that could not be vented out on others.

He reached his hand out to grab the packet of herbs.

At this moment, however—

"Wait a second."

A burly middle-aged man walked out from the crowd.

Countless gazes immediately fell on the middle-aged man.

What is going on now?

Was there still someone who still dared to interfere in this matter?

Naturally, this man was Zhang Longcheng, Ye Qingyu's manifestation.

He smiled at the young man and said, "Little brother, it just happens that I need a shrub of Intoxicated Immortal Grass to refine a certain sort of pill. How about this, I'll give you fifty kilograms of origin crystals to buy a shrub of it from you?"

"Er..." the young man hesitated.

In an instant, a look of desire and joy flashed within his eyes.

He would definitely be able to find a cure for his mother's illness with fifty kilograms of origin crystals. Very quickly, however, his joy died away and he turned downcast again. This was because he did not dare to agree to the deal. He was afraid of the evil slave and worried about Ye Qingyu's background; he did not want to also implicate the stranger in this matter, by immediately agreeing to the transaction.

Before the young man could reply, however, the wretched slave had instantly become furious.

"Who the hell are you? Are you trying to court your own death? How dare you covet the things I want..." he howled with a vicious look on his face.

Smack!

The crisp sound of a slap rang out.

Everyone around them was shocked by the scene unfolding right before their eyes.

The arrogant slave could not even react; the middle-aged man had lifted his hand to slap the slave immediately. The hideous, triangular face of the slave, which many onlookers wanted to punch, was a little deformed now. His facial muscles had wrinkled up, and dozens of yellowed teeth shot out from his mouth, along with a trail of blood...

The evil slave did not even have time to scream when his entire body spun for three whole circles, his arms and legs wide open, as if he were a windmill. He crashed heavily back onto the same spot where he stood; half of his face looked as though it was a ripe peach that had been trampled upon viciously by someone, right after dropping to the ground. It looked extremely terrible.

"Damn it, what a bloody noisy bastard... he even dirtied my hand!"

Ye Qingyu flicked his hand and drew out a white handkerchief to wipe it clean. There was a look of impatience on his face.

His actions and manner were so exaggerated, that even a fool could tell that this middle-aged man had not emerged from the crowd to confront the slave because he did not know what he was getting himself into. He was purposely looking for trouble with the evil slave.

This feels so good!

In an instant, the thought appeared in nearly all of the living beings that were crowding around.

The slap had helped them vent their anger.

Everyone had been angered by the impudent and arrogant attitude of the evil slave, but none of them dared to show their fury because of the power and influence of the King of Zhenyuan. Now that someone had finally appeared and gave the slave the vicious beating he deserved, it felt as good as eating an icy watermelon during the three hottest days of summer.

"You..." the young woman in red instinctively wanted to remind Ye Qingyu to run after regaining her senses. The consequences of angering someone he had no right to anger were terrible indeed. After noticing his attitude, she realized that he knew what he was doing and was not simply acting rashly.

"Good one... oof," the round-faced maid could not help but cheer. In the next moment, however, her young mistress had covered her mouth up again. Her face had a smile and was red as she struggled and moaned; it was a very comedic and cute sight to behold.

The atmosphere of the entire bazaar seemed to have come alive after the slapping.

The young man with a broken leg was also extremely shocked and did not know what to say.

He was just an ordinary Dark One struggling at the bottom of society, and had little to no social status. He never dreamed that the herbs he fought hard to gather would cause such a huge commotion one day.

"Alright, now that no one else is going to fight with me, I'll purchase the bag of herbs from you, haha," Ye Qingyu spoke in a very rough voice. He took over the packet of herbs from the youth on his own accord and handed over an interdimensional pouch to the youth. There were at least a hundred and fifty kilograms of origin crystals inside it.

The youth received the pouch instinctively.

He was still confused and did not know what to say.

"Ahhh... you... I don't care who you are, you're dead..." the terrible looking slave with a triangular-shaped face finally woke up. Blood was still streaming down from the corner of his mouth, and he screeched while on all fours on the ground like a stuck pig. "How dare you hit me? Ahh, how dare you hit me? "Do you know what the fuck you're doing? Do you know who you're hitting?"

"Ahh, you dare to scold me?" Ye Qingyu replied in an equally angry tone. "I don't care who you are, how dare you scold me? Do you know who you're scolding? Do you know what you're doing? Ahh, how dare you fucking scold me?"

Ye Qingyu roared furiously and strode over angrily toward the slave. He stomped both of the arms of the evil slave, shattering them to bits. There were two loud crackles and bits of his blood and bones were plastered onto the ground like paper.

"Ahh, you... my hand...!!!" the triangular-faced vile slave screamed like a stuck pig. "How dare you... ah, my hand. Who are you? How dare you... I'm from the King's estate, I'm from the estate of the King of Zhenyuan..."

"I don't give a fuck who you are. How dare you scold me?"

Ye Qingyu followed up with another kick and also shattered the leg of the vile slave.

"Who said you could scold me...? You damned creature, do you think you have the right to scold me? I'll kill you..." Ye Qingyu was displaying an immeasurable amount of arrogance and impudence at this moment, behaving in a manner that was even more domineering than that of the slave earlier on. He kept up the verbal abuse while stomping on the slave again, this time shattering a few of his ribs.

Hisssss!

Everyone watching could not help but take in a cold breath of air.

Who is this man? He's so vicious and barbaric. His behavior is completely unreasonable. The slave had just scolded him a little, but he crippled him. Compared to this man, the domineering attitude of the slave is nothing.

Of course, a few perceptive people had realized that the man was behaving this way for a reason—he wanted to give the slave a taste of his own medicine. He was purposely tormenting and teaching the slave a good lesson, so that he would feel what it was like being bullied and humiliated by others.

The slave was close to breaking down by now. Mucus and tears streamed down his face as he howled in pain and struggled to get up. Eventually, he ended up crying. "Sob, you... you're being unreasonable... you're disrespecting the law... I just scolded you twice... you're too vicious..."

Unexpectedly, he was acting as though he had been wronged.

All of the onlookers did not know whether to laugh or cry upon seeing him act in this manner.

In their hearts, however, they felt incredibly relieved.

It was true that the evil people of this world could only be taught a lesson by other evil people.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

