Chapter 253:


253 - The killing intent hidden within the White Ghost domain

As he ingested the [Mysterious Heaven pellet] and cultivated at the same time, Ye Qingyu’s strength, grew exceedingly quickly.

Three days later, his strength had again increased by another two Spirit springs, reaching the state of thirty two Spirit springs.

And because Ye Qingyu continued to refine Pills, Ye Qingyu's control of this new power became more and more familiar.

The third day, noon.

Ye Qingyu ended his short cultivation training and headed towards the Hundred Herb Hall.

If he was able to sell the Pill formula, and obtain fifty pounds of Origin Crystal, this was naturally the best result.

But if the opposing party could not afford such a price, and relied on him to constantly refine the Mysterious Heaven pill, the cultivation path of cultivating while refining was also a rapid way of increasing his cultivation.

No matter what, there must be a end result today.

This matter, although it could not be said to be significant, would definitely have an effect on Ye Qingyu's future plans.

During lunch time, Ye Qingyu once again gave advice and pointers to the Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er and the others regarding their training.

Jin Ling'er was already at the third stage of the ordinary martial level, growing extremely quickly. Li Ying and Li Qi had already entered into the first stage. Only Bai Yuanxing remained at the fourth stage without advancing any further despite being the first person to start cultivating and the oldest there.

At this time, Ye Qingyu did not have any better ideas.

Even if he used the [Mysterious Heaven pellet] on Bai Yuanxing, this would only increase the cultivation of a martial artist. It would not be able to help him completely get rid of his impurities in his body. Unless he could be like Ye Congyun and obtain a drop of blood from a peak level martial artist........However even this method was not fully guaranteed to succeed. Furthermore, Bai Yuanxing's cultivation heart, compared to Ye Congyun,was much, much, worse.

Thankfully Bai Yuanxing seemed to have already accepted everything calmly, not becoming demotivated in the slightest. He still continued to painstakingly cultivate.

After the meal, Ye Qingyu left White Herb hall, directly heading towards Hundred herb hall.

There were still not many people on the streets.

Everywhere seemed somewhat desolate.

But Ye Qingyu no longer cared.

Lu Zhaoge injuries were already on the way of recovery.

That represented, everything would soon be settled.

But without knowing why, as he walked, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt something was not right.

The surrounding environment was still the same.

But Ye Qingyu suddenly felt his heart thumping without any warning.

As if something terrifying was about to happen.

"Could this be a 'foreseeing'?"'

Ye Qingyu was shocked.

When one was deep into the path of the yuan qi martial cultivation, some people with extraordinary talent, would occasionally have a premonition if something bad or something great was about to happen. This was what was known as a 'foreseeing'. Fortune and misfortune was related to one's fate; the yuan qi martial path was the process of controlling your own fate in your own hands. In such a process, there was an indistinct relationship between these two things that could cause such a phenomenon.

Ye Qingyu could sense an inexplicable sense of uneasiness.

When he first left White Horse tower, this feeling was not clear. But as he walked, this grew more and more clear. The yuan qi within his body was restless, with faint signs that it could not be suppressed any longer.

"Could it be that Song Xiaojun is in danger?"

Ye Qingyu pondered.

But once he thought about it more, this did not seemed to be the case. The silly dog Little Nine had already been sent to accompany Song Xiaojun. If there was anything wrong, he would definitely contact him at the first instant.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

Perhaps he had mentally taxed himself too much during this period, and had a mistaken sensation.

At this time, the Hundred herb hall was already not far away.

Ye Qingyu headed into an empty alleyway nearby, to quickly don his snow white disguise and assume another identity.

But the moment he stepped into the little alleyway, something happened.

All sounds of the hustle and bustle of the streets, suddenly disappeared at that moment.

There were strange markings on the air that appeared, then suddenly the alleway also disappeared. The original hundred metre long alleyway, had turned into a street that you could not see the end of. Everywhere was completely silent, as if the world had lost all sound at that instant.

"A formation array!"

Ye Qingyu heart was thumping, greatly alarmed.

Someone wanted to act against him..

He instantly realised what his uneasiness was caused by.

And nearly at the same time, without giving Ye Qingyu any time to react, a maroon blade appeared from behind his back, piercing through Ye Qingyu's body at his chest.

A faceless white figure, appeared like a ghost from behind Ye Qingyu.

This dark red blade looked liked there was poisonous blood running through it. It was held in the hands of this figure.

"Zhe Zhe Zhe Zhe…..."

A sharp and piercing sound like the hoot of an owl, emitted from under the faceless white mask.

This sound was like a muffled broken drum, vibrating, incomparably creepy.

"So [The Leaf of Youyan], only amounted to such."

The faceless white figure cruelly smiled, pulling out the maroon blade in his hand

The fish hook on the spine of the blade had hooked onto the inner organs. In the instant it was jerked out, it would slice the inner organs of the opponent apart. From the perspective of the white figure, the painful shriek of the enemy as their intestines were destroyed, as their fresh blood came spurting out, was the most beautiful scenery.

But---

"Really"?”

A calm voice, came from behind the white faceless figure.

Ye Qingyu's body that had been pierced, did not emit the slightest trace of blood.

Pang!

With a light sound, the pieced body, suddenly transformed into a white silhouette as if it was white mist, turning into a indistinct figure.

Ye Qingyu's true body had disappeared.

"What?"

The faceless figure suddenly felt apprehension.

His figure suddenly moved, running forward madly, wanting to widen the distance.

But at the same time -------

"Aaaaaaaaaa………….."

There was a noise that was icy and emotionless, as if it was making a mockery of life.

A hard to describe killing intent, as if it was real, pierced into his skin, rumbling.

Out of thin air, in all four of the surrounding directions, pale ripples flickered. Icy cold sounds of mocking laughter emitted from the white boxes that appeared. Within these four boxes, there were faint mist figures that shot through space as quick as lightning, striking out.

The aim of these killing attacks was namely the faceless white figure.

An icy killing intent, emanated throughout the air.

A cold and sharp power, instantly smothered the white figure.

In but the time of a spark, countless terrifying blade wounds had appeared on the white figure. His skin slitted open, exposing his flesh and the white frost was like a curse, entering through the countless small cuts and wounds into his body.

"This......what is this battle technique?"

The white figure said in an dumbfounded and angry howl.

"A killing technique."

The calm voice stated.

Ye Qingyu's figure that had disappeared, suddenly appeared next to the white silhouette.

HIs white clothes were like jade, his hair like a waterfall.

On his body, just where was the sign of any injury?

Without waiting for the white silhouette to react, two six pointed translucent snowflakes the size of a lid of a saucepan, shot out from Ye Qingyu's palm. As quick as lightning, it cut towards the white figure.

Blood spurted.

The white silhouette scrambled backwards hurriedly. With a white flash, it disappeared.

The next instant, it appeared twenty metres away.

"Good, good. I didn't imagine [The Leaf of Youyan] would know such exquisite assassin techniques......" The white figure laughed creepily, as if something sticky had covered his entire face. Although he had no expression, but one could still discern the cruel and poisonous intent emitting from his mouth. Icily, "These are not the assassination techniques from within the army, could it be that you are the successor of some sect?"

"Who are you? Why have you come to kill me?"

Ye Qingyu did not answer his question, his gaze like a sword as he countered with his question.

"Tut, tut, a retarded question. Could it be that you don't know, just how many people want to kill you within Youyan pass? Being in the spotlight has its consequences. Do you really imagine that Youyan pass can protect your worthless life, kekekeke....."

The white silhouette laughed mockingly.

He pulled out the snowflake that was embedded in his abdomen and left shoulder, and smiled sinisterly. "In a direct battle, the sects cannot be compared to the army. But in terms of plot and stratagem, the sects are incomparably stronger. The history of Snow country is not even as long as the sects. For you to have offended the sects, you are definitely dead. If you don't die this time, there'll be a next time, and a time after that, kekekeke......you were lucky today, but next time I'll come to assassinate you again. Until you see your inner organs being cut into pieces by me, until you see all your intimate people dying in front of you....."

"You think I would give you a chance to leave alive?" Ye Qingyu laughed mockingly.

The faceless white figure voice was sinister: "This is not up to you. If I want to leave, with your cultivation, you can't stop me......In this white ghost formation, there is nothing that can halt my advance."

This was the basis for his self confidence.

Therefore when he failed at his first moment, he did not leave instantly.

For an assassin this was the greatest taboo.

But in truth, it was because he could not just leave. A opponent that he originally thought he could casually kill like a chicken, had injured himself. He wanted to use words and speech to leave behind psychological doubt in his enemy, to plant a seed for the next assassination.

"Really? I fear you are too overconfident."

Ye Qingyu knew he could no longer get any more information out of him, so he showed no mercy.

His figure, suddenly became pale, turning into a human shape figure of white mist.

"En?"

The white silhouette instinctively felt danger.

At this time, he was shocked to discover, that unknown to him when, there had always been a pale and indistinct fog next to him.

Xiu!

When Ye Qingyu's figure, disappeared from far away, this deathly silent and motionless white mist, suddenly became alive. The mist flowed, transforming into Ye Qingyu's true body.

Sometimes fake and sometimes real, it was hard to discern.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

Countless ice crystals exploded.

The snowflakes on his palm were translucent and sparkling, as if they were sprites.

Snowflakes were originally one of the most breathtakingly beautiful works of art of the natural world, it was enough to cause someone to be entranced by it. But when they shot out, fast enough that it tore out river like fractures in the air, such beautiful flowers of the snow became one of the most terrifying and fatal killing weapons.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 254:


254 - You are a genius

The white figure retreated in panic.

Run!

He was able to sense the threat of death, not daring to stay any longer, immediately deciding to flee.

As long as he wanted to leave, then he would definitely be able to depart.

This was the self confidence he had as an assassin.

Within the white ghost formation, there was nothing that could stop him.

But at this time, suddenly ---

Pang!

There was suddenly a sound of an explosion within his body.

As if something had exploded.

He lowered his head in both despair and shock.

A surge of hidden cold qi that he did not notice before, exploded from within his chest, crushing his lungs.

The extreme cold qi held within his wounds emanated to his four limbs, numbing him and slowing down his reactions as well as lowering his speed.

Che!Che!Che!

Snowflakes flew past.

Blood spurted.

In this beautiful dance of snowflakes, the white figure turned into pieces.

Killed.

Ye Qingyu gestured with his hand.

The snowflakes swirled about in the air, constantly striking against each other. It finally transformed into a whole piece, turning into a snowball the size of hand that landed in Ye Qingyu's palm. It instantly dissolved, turning into pure inner yuan and the [Supreme ice flame] returned within his body.

Along with the death of the white figure, the surrounding formation array gradually disappeared.

It was as if the surroundings was mist on a ink painting. The little alleyway was gradually revealed.

There wasn’t any traces of blood or corpses on the ground. As if nothing had happened whatsoever.

In this little alleyway that had nothing special at all about it, a terrifying assassin [Faceless King] that had once made the whole Jianghu quiver at the mention of his name, had died in the illusionary formation array. HIs corpse did not exist anymore.

After Ye Qingyu recovered and regulated his breathing, he turned to depart.

The assassination seemed to come out of the blue, but on deeper thought, this was to be expected.

If Ye Qingyu had not reacted in the first instance, and used the [Flowing Shadow Kill] to avoid the first strike, then today would really have been dangerous for him. The first strike of an assassination was the most fatal. At the very least, it would heavily injure the opponent.....

This faceless white figure, had too much confidence in his assassination techniques.

Therefore it had committed such an error.

Thankfully, in these days Ye Qingyu had always prepared to teach Jin Ling'er the [Flowing Shadow Kill] techniques, so he had delved into it and practiced a little bit. But this technique, when used in the hands of Ye Qingyu, contained frost qi and the [Supreme ice flame], causing it to be different from its true form.

This [Flowing Shadow Kill] was definitely a top level assassination technique used to kill people. However, it seemed more suitable be used to act against assassins instead.

Because he had cultivated in this technique before, Ye Qingyu's assassination arts had increased. It was only through this that he had managed to avoid the first deadly strike of the faceless ghost.

Ye Qingyu turned to leave.

The identity of the person who had hired this killer to kill him was no longer important.

It was definitely someone from the sects.

More importantly, this matter made Ye Qingyu aware, that some people of the sects were already backed into a corner. They dared to stage an assassination against a nobility of the Empire.

To destroy someone, one must first make it crazy.

Only when they were crazy, would they show their incriminating evidence.

Although there did not seem to have been any change on the surface of Youyan Pass, but Lu Zhaoge injuries were already on the way to recovery. This was enough to change the entire situation. The Youyan pass that was once impenetrable had already started to return. Those people who failed to discern this would definitely have a tragic end.

Ye Qingyu's back disappeared in a street far off.

The little alleyway was deserted.

In the air, there were suddenly ripples.

Two figures walked out from the ripples, appearing from thin air.

"I've coincidentally passed by, but I got to see such a good show. Who would have thought that Ye Qingyu would be skilled in the assassination arts, and these arts could be called divine. For his techniques to confuse what is real and what is fake, this is really terrifying. The [Faceless King] was a first class killer belonging to the [Killer Pavilion]. He was careless to be killed instead by Ye Qingyu"

The silhouette that had a draconic air surrounding him sighed.

The other silhouette, had a golden coloured light surrounding him like a barrier protecting him. One could not discern his true appearance at all. He nodded his head. "What Ye Qingyu used was a top level assassination skill belonging to the shadow attribute. It is extremely skilled and it at least belongs to the Divine Class. The [Faceless King] died justifiably."

"The title [The Leaf of Youyan] is well deserved it seems. We may have underestimated him."

"En, for a martial artist that originated from an academy and with no relation to any sects, just how is it possible for him to possess so many miraculous techniques?" The person with the draconic aura surrounding him said in a low voice. "The emotionless gongzi, White browed Yu, both died in his eyes, under different techniques. These evidently are are signs that he originates from the sects. Something is strange about this.”

"Could it be that he is a successor to some sect of the Upper ancient age?" The person with light covering him suddenly had a thought. "Brother Zhao should have already received some news. The slumbering great sects of the upper ancient age, are about to awaken."

"If this is really true, then this Ye Qingyu must not be underestimated. To infiltrate into the army, and be given a title of Marquis, his ambitions are not little." The draconic aura man said in a low voice.

"No matter his background or history, his cultivation is still at its early stages. Could it be that he can suppress us?" The light aura figure said confidently. "The grounds of those ancient sects are about to become cemeteries. Their inheritance has already been broken, and they want to borrow a corpse for them to possess and revive themselves. Haha, right now, it is the world of the Three schools and Three sects. If they don't know death and come to cause trouble, then we'll just exterminate them."

"Then about Ye Qingyu?"

"At the Martial alliance meeting, I will personally test his depths. At that time, I hope he will not make me disappointed."

"“Since senior brother is acting personally, then everything will be solved."

The two spoke for a bit longer, then once again stepped into the ripples in the air, their figures disappearing.

……

……

At the time Ye Qingyu arrived in Hundred herb hall, Shopkeeper Sui was already waiting at the door.

Respectfully ushering Ye Qingyu inside, he ordered the workers to not disturb them no matter what happened. Shopkeeper Sui followed Ye Qingyu to the third floor, once again arriving at the chamber from before.

"En?"

His gaze piercing through the cloth of his garments, Ye Qingyu could see that apart from the Lin Qingyi from that day, there was another person.

An old man.

An old man that had long hair and a young face, his hair as white as desolate snow.

When Ye Qingyu was evaluating this old man, this old man that had his eyes close and was resting, suddenly opened his eyes.

It was as if two bolts of lightning shot out from his ancient eyes, piercing towards Ye Qingyu. His gaze was discerning to the extreme, as if it could see through all of the illusions of the world.

Ye Qingyu acted instantly. [Supreme ice flame] spurted out from his mouth. Like smoke, it encircled around his face.

"Eh?"

There was a trace of surprise on the face of the old man, then he suddenly stood up.

Ye Qingyu showed no traces of surprise, but the inner yuan within his body had already secretly acted. Yuan qi was roiling around his entire body.

In this old man with a youthful face, there was a powerful pressure that emanated from him. He was a extreme level martial artist and could not be underestimated.

"Hahaha, good, good. No wonder you are the genius that created the [Mysterious Heaven pellet]. For me to not be able to see your true appearance, amazing. " The old man let out a guileless laugh. "My name is Dugu Quan, I wonder what I can call little brother?"

Dugu Quan?

Ye Qingyu seemed to have never heard of this name before.

There was caution in Ye Qingyu's heart as he replied blandly. "My name is Yuqing Ye. I give my respects to elder."

"My master is the leading pill master of the Imperial Court, he is known as [Pill God of Snow country]." Lin Qingyi could not help himself volunteering such information after seeing Ye Qingyu's expressionless and motionless reaction to his master's name. He instantly realised, that this person had never heard of his master’s name before.

As these words were said, Ye Qingyu was really shocked.

The leading Pill master of the Imperial group of masters?

Heavens!

This really was an important person.

Anyone that belonged to the Empire's Imperial organisation of masters, was definitely an existence that was at its pinnacle in its respective field. To be able to become the leading Pill master of the Imperial court, his position was not any less than that of the War God of Youyan, Lu Zhaoge. Furthermore, the profession of Pill Master was greatly respected. Even in front of the Emperor, there was no needed to bow down. He was definitely a powerful existence that stood at the top of the pyramid.

No wonder this old man exerted such a tremendous presence.

"Hahaha, the position of the leading Pill Master is but in name. In front of the creator of the [Mysterious Heaven pellet], this is not even worth mentioning. " Dugu Quan face broke into a wide grin. "I guess that little brother you must not be older than twenty years of age. For you to be able to create an [Sub Spirit Pill], heroes really do emerge from the young. I am humbled."

Ye Qingyu was startled, enquiring guiltily "How did elder know that I was less than twenty?"

" Hahahaha," The old man began laughing. "My eyes can not only discern between all the divine herbs in this world, and classify Pills into different grades, I can also recognise people. Even though you have used your secret technique to hide your true face, but a person's aura and body already reveals a lot of information. I can be sure that you are definitely under twenty......En, you should be around sixteen."

Ye Qingyu was greatly started and piqued.

No wonder he was the [Pill God of Snow country], he definitely deserved his title.

"Although I don't know why you must hide your true face, but I believe it must be to do with the [Mysterious Heaven pellet]? Dugu Quan smiled as he gestured for Ye Qingyu to sit, his face amiable and sincere as he said: "Then it must be that even Yuqing Ye is a fake name right?"

Ye Qingyu sat down then smiled: "I had no other choice."

"The value of the [Mysterious Heaven pellet] is definitely precious. Especially for the entire Snow Empire, it's hold significant meaning. But it is still an object in the end. In my eyes, its values is far beneath little brother you. At such a young age, for you to be able to create a [Sub Spirit Pill], your future cannot be measured." The old man smiled. "So you do not need to fear, I will handle everything for you. Even if your true identity is leaked, no one will dare to act against you. The position as the creator of the [Mysterious Heaven pellet] will definitely belong to you."

"Elder compliments me too much. The [Mysterious Heaven pellet] was not pioneered by me. I only discovered a pill formula that came from the Upper ancient ages, and I luckily managed to replicate it. I do not deserve such heavy compliments." Ye Qingyu obviously would not use the [Mysterious Heaven pellet] to fool others, quickly explaining himself.

"I've already thought of this point before." Dugu Quan smiled as he said. "I've already held and examined this [Mysterious Heaven pellet] for two days and two nights. I can naturally see that the nature of the Pill holds some of the techniques that belongs to the God and Devil age, it should be an ancient Pill formula. But the way you refined it, is far too exquisite. It seems to hold Heaven's way itself, using an ice flame to refine a pill is something I have rarely seen in my life. What makes me shocked, was not only the Pill formula. Little brother, without any exaggeration at all, you are a genius of the Pill path. You do not need to be modest."

After Ye Qingyu heard this, he wholeheartedly admired the skill that this old man had in Pill making.

From a single pill, he was able to discern so much. No wonder he was the Pill God of Snow country.

Then it seemed there was no longer a need to hide himself.

Ye Qingyu took off the hat shrouding his head.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 255:


255 - Let us become sworn brothers

The white shroud was taken off.

Ye Qingyu's true appearance.

A handsome face, a calm smile, his demeanour was like jade and his aura distant. He seemed like a dragon among men.

"Ye - Ye- Ye - Ye......Marquis Ye?"

Shopkeeper Sui had a face of complete astoundment, stuttering his exclamation.

He had never imagined, that the great master who had managed to refine the [Mysterious Heaven pellet] was the person that was currently in the spotlight in Youyan pass, Ye Qingyu. But as he pondered this discovery, and linked it to the actions of Ye Qingyu who had recently came to procure ingredients, everything seemed logical and reasonable.

"Marquis Ye?" Lin Qingyi also began to understand, saying in a disbelieving voice: "You-you-you are.....[The Leaf of Youyan] Ye Qingyu?"

They wouldn't speak again.

One Ye-ye-ye, and you-you-you; they had become complete stutterers.

But this was evidence to just how stunned they were.

In truth, the shock in Lin Qingyi's heart was not any less of Shopkeeper Sui.

In these days that he had arrived in Youyan pass, apart from waiting, Lin Qingyi had also strolled around various parts of Youyan Pass. He had a large social network, with friends in the army and the sects. In these days, the rumours regarding [The Leaf of Youyan], Ye Qingyu's actions were constantly repeated, so much so that his ears was about to cocoon from the constant repetition.

All the discussions and evaluations had different viewpoints on Ye Qingyu. Lin Qingyi naturally had his own take on the situation.

From his perspective, [The Leaf of Youyan] in the rumours was a hard man, and was decisive. In principle, he would not back away in the slightest, his martial heart as steady as a boulder. He definitely was a character who could not be underestimated. Furthermore, with his age being so young, if he did not die early and he was able to grow up, it was very likely he would become the second Lu Zhaoge.

But it's only that things that are inflexible breaks easily. Ye Qingyu had angered too many people, his coming days would be extremely difficult to survive.

Those who had angered the sects all had very tragic ends.

The way the sects did things were often secretive and hidden. The army may not be able to protect Ye Qingyu.

Gathering all the rumours together, Lin Qingyi did not have a positive outlook on Ye Qingyu's future.

Martial power, very often could not solve everything.

Only an invincible martial power was a true guarantee that you could do as you wished.

But very evidently, Ye Qingyu's power was still very, very far away from being invincible.

In such desolate times, just who could truly obtain an invincible martial power?

Even Lu Zhaoge, was currently heavily injured.

But Lin Qingyi had never imagined, that apart from being a talented youngster who would pay back his debts and grievances, he was also a Pill Master.

He only needed to see the admiration in his master towards Ye Qingyu, to know that not only were the effects of the [Mysterious Heaven pellet] alarming, the method in which it was created was also exquisite. For Ye Qingyu, to be able to refine this pill, spoke to the fact that Ye Qingyu's skill in terms of Pill Making was likely greater than himself.

As he looked at this handsome youth with a slight smile, he could not help but let out a sigh. Could it be that this person was really a monster?

To be able to both cultivate in the martial way and the Pill Making arts without hindering any of them?

And for him to be so young?

Lin Qingyi had always regarded himself as youthful, but he was already fourty years old at this time. It was only that he was deep into his martial cultivation, and had refined some pills that aided him to retain his youthful appearance. From the outside, he only seemed to be around eighteen to twenty years old.

The other side.

Dugu Quan was the only person who had not heard of Ye Qingyu's actions.

This leading Pill Master of the Imperial group of masters, had completely immersed himself in the Dao of the Pill. He paid very little attention to the matters of the Empire. This time, apart from the [Mysterious Heaven pellet], he also came for several other matters. In the two days he had been in Youyan pass, he was completely astounded by the method of creation of the the [Mysterious Heaven pellet]. The more he examined it, the more shocked he grew. Apart from feeling the pill itself was profound, he also wholeheartedly admired the person who created the pill.

Seeing the reaction of Shopkeeper Sui and Lin Qingyi, with Dugu Quan’s discerning and experienced eyes, he instantly understood that this handsome youth wearing clothes as white as snow, also had an alarming background.

He really was a young heroic talent!

Dugu Quan: "It seems that little brother has not revealed your true identity as of yet. Qingyi, you come and introduce us."

Lin Qingyi did not dare tarry, bowing and explaining Ye Qingyu's identity and background roughly to everyone.

When Dugu Quan finished hearing this, there was a light flickering in his eyes. He sighed in admiration; "The youngest Marquis of the Empire that earned his title. Brother Ye, you've really made me stunned. Not speaking modestly, ever since I've started my path, I've seen many young and excellent talents. But it's really my first time to see such a young genius like you. Haha, Yuqing Ye, so you flipped your name around. Ye Qingyu,a good name."

Ye Qingyu was greatly pleased that he was praised.

In principle, Demon King Ye was a person with strong vanity.

But on the surface he obviously could not grin and show that he was very satisfied.

Demon King Ye stood up, and said very modestly: "Elder, you've overpraised me."

"It's not a false compliment. I only feel that it is a pity for a you." Dugu Quan suddenly changed the subject, shaking his head.

"Oh, what are you referring to?" Ye Qingyu enquired smilingly.

Dugu Quan said with extreme seriousness: "With your skills in the PIll Dao, you have a boundless future. Even I cannot be compared to you. But if you remain in the Youyan Pass in the army fighting battles and wasting your time, this is really too wasteful of your pill cultivating talents. I wonder if you are willing to come with me to the capital. I know many great Pill Masters, I believe that as long as I ask, they will definitely pass on all they know to you. Haha, within twenty years, there will definitely be a divine master of the Pill Dao who can truly create [Spirit Pills] appearing within Snow Empire. Hahaha......let's go, go to the Imperial Capital. I will introduce you to all my old friends."

As he became excited, the old man became more and more child like, jumping up and dragging Ye Qingyu hand to leave.

The Lin Qingyi by the side completely did not know whether to laugh or cry.

His master, was someone he worshipped. His skills in the Pill Way was divine, but his temperament was too impatient, he was a classic restless person. As soon as he saw divine herbs or Pill, or profound Pill formulas, or prodigious talents, he would be so excited that he could not compose himself anymore. He was like an old child. He did not ask for the opposing party’s agreement before he decided on acting out his own arrangements.

Ye Qingyu was also taken aback.

He expressionlessly avoided the old man's hand, and said with a smile: "Elder, I am still in the army, so my future is not mines to decide. I'm afraid I'll have waste your good intentions.

"Hahaha, I'll go personally to Lu Zhaoge, and ask for him to let me take you away. What does this matter. Haha, thinking back, your War God Lu owes me many favours......." Dugu Quan said not paying the slightest of attention: "Rest assured, I'll go see War God Lu tomorrow. As long as I open my mouth, he will definitely say yes."

He really was an over passionate old man.

Ye Qingyu bitterly smiled in his heart.

But no matter what, Ye Qingyu still had an extremely positive assessment of this Pill God of Snow country.

This old man with flowing white hair, really had a pure heart like that of a child.

"Elder, thank you for your thoughts. But it's only that right now my heart is not completely immersed into the Pill Dao, there are other important matters, that I must go do. I'm afraid I must waste your good intentions." Ye Qingyu stood up and bowed.

"Ah? What? You don't want to to succeed in the Dao of the Pill? Sigh.....you must know that, if you cultivate in the Pill Dao, in ten years time, you will be in the later stages of the Pill Dao. At that time, you will become one of the noblest existences in the Empire. Even the Imperial family will not dare order you about. All those old monsters of the sects, will most likely offer you gifts and presents. At that time, you will be an exceptional existence in Heaven Wasteland domain, you can do anything you please."

Dugu Quan spread his arms, beginning to describe the scene for him.

"Thank you for elder's good intentions, but I must refuse." Ye Qingyu once again declined.

He refined pills because he wanted to increase his cultivation. His yearning was ever towards the yuan qi martial path. Refining pills was only a method, cultivation was his true ambition.

"You little brat!"

Dugu Quan seeing his incentives could not draw in Ye Qingyu at all, was so angry that his facial hair stood up.

When he had success in the PIll Dao, he became the leading Pill Master of the Imperial family. In these years, he had completely immersed himself in the Pill Dao. But it was a pity that he had not experience any great growth, with no breakthroughs. He increasingly discovered the importance of talent in the Pill Dao, and conversed with other great Pill Masters within Snow Country. They came to a conclusion. It was very likely that all these old masters could not advance another step forward. So they changed their goals instead, training the younger generation, focusing their efforts in raising them. They hoped that in their remaining years, they could borrow the success of their disciples, to have a glimpse into the way of Spirit Pills.

Therefore ten years ago, Dugu Quan began accepting disciples.

Tens of exceptional Pill Masters banded together, and borrowing the power of the Empire, began searching for prodigious talents everywhere. They wanted to produce a Pill Dao genius that would exceed them, but it was a pity that progress was slow. Lin Qingyi was originally one of the talents with the highest expectations placed on him, but even his progress has slowed down in these years.

The meeting with Ye Qingyu today, for Dugu Quan it was like experiencing rain after a drought. It could be compared to seeing a strand of light in an abyss of despair.

In reality, after seeing the [Mysterious Heaven pellet], with Dugu Quan's sensitivity, he could already deduct a great deal of information.

He was different from the Lin Qingyi who saw the great strategic battle important of the [Mysterious Heaven pellet]. What Dugu Quan was interested in was the person who refined the Pill. Because behind the [Mysterious Heaven pellet], he found methods of refining Pills that could not help but make him sigh in admiration. He saw an innovative existence that created new paths amongst the ancient classics. He saw something that diverged from the established but did it in such a way, it seemed only reasonable. For the Dugu Quan who had always immersed himself in the Pill Dao, this had an unprecedented impact.

He decisively delayed the meeting that he originally had with Lu Zhaoge, and waited bitterly for the person who refined the Pill.

Therefore when he first saw Ye Qingyu, he could not help but want to use his cultivation to have a glimpse of the face under the white clothing.

When he found out that the create was a young man who was still inexperienced, the excitement and delight his heart was hard to describe. He instantly realised, that the exceptional genius of the Pill Dao that he and all the other Pill Masters were desperately searching for, had finally appeared.

In the eyes of Dugu Quan, the value of ten thousand [Mysterious Heaven pellets] could not even be compared to one Ye Qingyu.

Items, were dead.

People, were alive.

As long as one was alive, one could create infinite miracles.

That was the reason why he lost his composure like so and the someone with the identity of the leading Pill Masters of the Empire wanted to forcefully make Ye Qingyu become his own disciple.

But when Ye Qingyu declined time and time again, this respected and honoured Pill Master realised, there was no way of obstructing the will of this young man.

This was a situation that he had never expected to happen.

He originally thought, with his position and respect that he commanded, as long as he extended the invitation of becoming his disciple, would it not be an easily achievable matter? Even if the princes of the Imperial family begged in front of him to become his disciple, he may not accept. Who would have guessed that after discovered such a peerless talent, the talent did not pay the slightest of attention to him.

Dugu Quan could not help but sigh, showing an expression of defeat.

The Shopkeeper Sui by the side was so shocked his eyes were about to fall on the floor. This was the Pill God of Snow country, Dugu Quan. His status in the Pill Dao, was like an emperor. For him to accept a disciple, this represented the most well known and respected Pill Masters of Snow country would accept this disciple together as a group. For him to be so easily and casually rejected.

Lin Qingyi also had slight feelings of jealously in his heart.

When he had wanted to be accepted as a disciple, he had to pass numerous difficult tests, and various formalities before he could become a student of the [Pill God of Snow country]. Now everything had completely flipped around. His master whom he worshipped in his heart like a deity, was begging for someone to study under him, and got rejected instead.

But thankfully, he was a person with good temperament and grace. He did not focus too deeply on this point.

It was not appropriate for Ye Qingyu to say anything else, so he quietly stood by the side

The [Pill God of Snow country] grasped his hands behind his back as he paced around the room. A short moment, later, he suddenly had a thought, his eyes abruptly brightening. With a grin he came over to hold Ye Qingyu's handers; "Little brother, our meeting is predestined. If you don't want to have any relations with the Pill Dao, then how about this, we become friends?"

Ye Qingyu was about to nod his head.

"Fine, I’ll be a little more direct. Let's become sworn brothers." The Pill God opened his mouth with a heaven shattering statement. The Lin Qingyi by the side had a completely green face, as Dugu Qian said excitedly: "Haha, this time it can't be counted as me trying to gain connections with someone higher than me. Although my age is a little large, I can at least be a friend of the older generation, hahahah......"

It was like he had made a exquisite plan, laughing unrestrainedly.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 256:


256 - Six ancient characters

What?

Lin Qingyi and Shopkeeper Sui were completely dumbstruck.

To become close friends？

Sworn brothers?

What kind of joke are you making, just what is this.

Especially Lin Qingyi. As he realised that Ye Qingyu might really become sworn brothers with his master, he also realised that his own position, would suddenly became much lower. Out of the blue, there was suddenly an extra Shishu who was of a higher status than him [TN Note: Junior brother of his master]. Furthermore, it was a Shishu that was so young that it made people shiver, just how could he go out and face other people from now on?

But he also understood at this moment, just how importantly his master regarded Ye Qingyu.

There was something abnormal about this whole situation.

Could it be that he had overlooked something?

Lin Qingyi pondered in his heart.

The other side.

Hearing this Ye Qingyu was taken aback, but he did not rush to reject. He seriously pondered this, then nodded his head: "Okay, then please accept the bow of your little brother Ye Qingyu."

Dugu Quan jumped up excitedly.

The personality of a childish old man was demonstrated fully at this instant.

"Hahaha, good, too good. I really like your personality of not hesitating at all, Little Ye." Dugu Quan burst into laughter, accepting Ye Qingyu's bow then held Ye Qingyu's wrist. "We don't need any nonsense ceremony or rites when we become sworn brothers. Our word is gold, and it will become roots that hold us together. I am older than you, though not any wiser. From now on, Little Ye you will have to call me big brother."

"Brother Dugu." Ye Qingyu said grinningly.

Becoming sworn brothers with Dugu Quan was something that was out of Ye Qingyu expectations.

This [Pill God of Snow country] was an extremely noble existence - there were many people that wanted to become connected to him. Lin Qingyi became the leading Pill Master of Hundred Herb hall, an extremely precious position only after becoming Dugu Quan’s disciple. Just solely by this fact alone, one could tell the respect and authority Dugu Quan commanded within Snow country.

Ye Qingyu naturally had some similar thoughts of receiving such benefits when he decided to accept the offer of becoming Dugu Quan’s sworn brother.

The matters regarding Song Xiaojun had always been a thorn in Ye Qingyu's side. It was unknown just what would happen to her in the future or how events would develop. Ye Qingyu knew clearly, that if he wanted to protect Song Xiaojun, while he did have to rapidly raise his own strength, he also had to raise his own network of connection and influence. It was the same in all matters; by undertaking multiple avenues of doing things, the success rate of something would increase.

Of course, apart from this, Dugu Quan's pure personality and his wholehearted desire towards the Pill Dao, also made Ye Qingyu have a great impression of him.

Ye Qingyu's Pill skills, apart from that incomplete [Pill mantra] that he had a third of, mostly came from the [Cloud top cauldron] and the one hundred and eight characters etched within the [Sole Will of the Heaven Earth Copper Cauldron]. Just by comprehending six characters from this enabled Ye Qingyu to refine [Mysterious Heaven pellets] with a hundred percent success rate. One could see just from this, just how profound and mysterious these hundred and eight characters were. It could definitely be counted as a sacred text of the Pill Dao.

Since Ye Qingyu did not have any plans to immerse himself in the Pill Dao, the [Sole Will of the Heaven and Earth Cauldron] in his hands would be wasted. It would very likely not be able to be completely comprehended by him and be used to its full effects.

Since it was like so, it was not such a bad idea to pass on this cultivation technique to someone who could truly utilise it to it's utmost.

After all, it was a product of painstaking effort from the ancestors of the human race. It was a precious resource that allowed the human race to continue to exist in a world filled with alien races where the strong devoured the weak. If he caused it to disappear because of his own greed and selfishness, this would be too great of a loss for humanity.

From Ye Qingyu's perspective, Dugu Quan was evidently someone who was incomparably qualified to inherit it.

But Ye Qingyu would definitely not freely gift over this Pill cultivation technique, he had to get some benefit from this.

With the [Sole Will of the Heaven and Earth Cauldron] in his hands, Ye Qingyu was not completely taking advantage of Dugu Quan.

"Student Lin Qingyi, pays his respect to Shishu Ye." Although Lin Qingyi had some reservations in his heart, he could not ignore the formalities of paying respect to his master’s brother. He quickly composed himself, and came over to pay his respects to Ye Qingyu.

"Qingyi, you don't need to be so formal." Ye Qingyu did not hesitate, openly accepting such a bow. A thought occurred to him, and he took out a piece of paper from his interdimensional pouch. Using a surge of inner yuan, he passed it over: "This can be our meeting present."

Lin Qingyi was befuddled, receiving the paper. With just a glance, he was utterly shocked.

"This....present is too precious. I don't dare accept." Lin Qingyi quickly returned the piece of paper with both his hands.

Written on the piece of paper, was namely the Pill formula for the [Mysterious Heaven pellet] inscribed with hundreds of fly sized characters.

Ye Qingyu gave a shocking present.

What one needed to know was, that according to the price agreed by both parties previously, this Pill formula was worth fifty pounds of Origin crystal.

This present, was really far too valuable.

"Could it be that Qingyi you don't like this present?" Ye Qingyu smiled. "I am only gifting this Pill formula to you personally. You should know yourself that if the Hundred herb hall wants to procure this Pill formula, they will still have to pay a dear price."

"Fine, fine, Qingyi stop being such a woman and accept it. You should fully understand the meaning of this Pill Formula. If you can use it well, both you and your family will benefit from it for the rest of your lives." Dugu Quan waved his hands, then turned to Shopkeeper Sui. "Go back and tell Sui Yiwen, if he wants the formula for the Mysterious Heaven pellet, then bring fifty pounds of Origin crystal. This is something my brother Ye requested, there's no room for any haggling or negotiation. Sui Yiwen has earnt himself a pretty penny in these years, taking some back is within reason."

Just how could Shopkeeper Sui dare to even utter half a word of objection at this statement?

Hundred herb hall was really the largest distributor of Herbs and medicine in Snow Empire, and had an Imperial background. There were many connections between it and the army. It could definitely be counted as a powerful force.

But in front of the [Pill God of Snow country], just by their natural supply chain relationship that existed between them, the Hundred herb hall was at an absolute advantage.

Because what Dugu Quan represented was not only himself and Snow Empire's Imperial organisation of masters, he also represented a huge network of connections between many sect leader level Pill Masters. This was behemoth like group of power.

More importantly, the reason why Hundred Herb was able to develop in such a successful way, was all due to Dugu Quan and his friends’ actions from the background.

Ye Qingyu heard this and waved his hand, saying: "Brother Dugu, there's no need to be harsh towards the Hundred herb hall. The previously discussed price was fifty pounds of Origin crystal, but right now I'm using the Pill Formula for two things. How about this, I'll only take thirty pounds of Origin crystal from the Hundred Herb Hall. As for how the benefits from the Pill formula is distributed, this will be entirely up to Qingyi and the Hundred herb hall, I won't interfere.”

"How can that be?"

Dugu Quan glared.

He had immersed himself into the character of Ye Qingyu's sworn brother extremely rapidly. He had already begun to think from the perspective of Ye Qingyu’s sworn brother, wanting to get some extra benefits for Ye Qingyu.

"Let's do it like so. I thank you for your good intention, but it's very likely there will still be many opportunities to work together with the Hundred herb hall in the future. I can't take too great an advantage." Ye Qingyu said with a laugh.”

Dugu Quan lowered his head in thought: "Fine....we'll do as Little brother Ye says."

Shopkeeper Sui hurriedly recorded everything by the side, his old face blooming like a chrysanthemum.

After all whether it was thirty or fifty pounds of Origin crystal, this did not have too great an impact to him. He was only a little insignificant branch of the vast Hundred herb hall family. After working for many years, he had only managed to become a manger in the Hundred herb hall within Youyan Pass. What he regarded as important was what kinds of benefits he would be able to gain from this incident.

He was the person who first discovered the Mysterious Heaven pellet, and as a result saw Dugu Quan and Ye Qingyu becoming sworn brothers. He was also the person who had successfully negotiated and acquired the Pill formula of the [Mysterious Heaven pellet]. Shopkeeper Sui clearly knew that as long as he clung tightly to such a relationship, then his future would definitely be prosperous. No one from the Sui family would dare topple his position.

The Lin Qingyi by the side was also incomparably excited.

Ye Qingyu had really given him a great gift.

The [Mysterious Heaven pellet] was a strategic class Pill. It's value was hard to estimate. The benefits from it were unending. Not only could he obtain a vast amount of wealth, his position within the entire Snow Empire would also surge. From his perspective, this was the largest breakthrough he had after following his Master for such a long time.

His position within his family, would also unquestionably rise like the boat following the tide.

The discussion in the room, quickly ended.

Ten minutes later.

Shopkeeper Sui ordered people to prepare a feast. Dugu Quan and Ye Qingyu sat at the highest position within Hundred herb hall, drinking and chatting, exchanging their thoughts about the Dao of the Pill -----of course, Dugu Quan,the [Pill God of Snow country] acted like he was force feeding a duck. He attempted to stuff all sorts of knowledge regarding Pills and Herbs into Ye Qingyu’s brain. He had already made up his mind, that he would definitely seduce Ye Qingyu to the great path of refining Pills.

Ye Qingyu was more than happy to listen.

The divine profoundness of the Pill Dao, when it was cultivated to the extreme, could also be invincible everywhere it travelled.

To be able to obtain some experience from listening to a Grandmaster like Dugu Quan, was obviously something that Ye Qingyu greatly desired. Although Ye Qingyu's ambitions did not lie in the Pill Dao, but he did not object to obtaining the mysteries and abilities that it could provide.

Lin Qingyi and Shopkeeper Sui stood by the side, one holding a wine jar and one holding a wine cup, servicing them by the side.

This chance was hard to come by. For Dugu Quan to so casually describe the mysteries within the Pill Dao. It was enough information for the two to carefully reflect over. Especially for Shopkeeper Sui. Even in his wildest dreams, he could not imagine he would come by such an opportunity. He was so moved his hand was shaking, nearly causing wine to be spilt.

Time flew by.

In the blink of an eye, a crescent moon had already risen to the sky already.

Seeing the time was quite late, Ye Qingyu gulped down the wine in his cup. "Brother Dugu, we'll speak to here today. I still matters I have to attend to."

Dugu Quan still wanted to converse some more, but could only nod his head in acceptance. "Fine, I'll still be within Youyan pass during this time. There are still chances to talk."

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, giving a significant glance to Shopkeeper Sui and Lin Qingyi by the side, not saying anything.

Shopkeeper Sui was extremely skilled at reading between the lines. Seeing the situation, he clasped his hands as he said his farewell; "I've suddenly thought of something I have to do. I still have matters I need attend to, I'll first leave."

After being slightly taken aback, Lin Qingyi finally realised what was happening. Although he did not wish to, but he also hurriedly departed.

"Little brother Ye, you....." Dugu Quan was slightly shocked.

Ye Qingyu smiled. He dipped his finger into the jar of wine, and placed it on the table, beginning to draw.

Very quickly, an ancient character that was like a painting appeared on the table.

Dugu Quan was perplexed, but as Ye Qingyu added stroke after stroke and finished drawing his expression transformed into one of astoundment. His gaze was transfixed onto the drawing on the table, as if he had fossilised. He had occupied such a high position for so long, and had experienced many many tumultuous events. But at this time, even his breathing grew rough and ragged.

"This is....."

Dugu Quan let out a gasp of shock.

The patterns on the table, in the eyes of other people, was like a childish drawing. But for Dugu Quan, a diagram of Pill making methods that was simple and unadorned emerged.

Ye Qingyu showed no expression, dipping his finger onto the wine again and continuing to draw.

In one breath, six characters were drawn.

When he had finished drawing the sixth character, the wine stains of the first two characters had already completely dried.

Dugu Quan sat there completely frozen, his gaze completely focused on the table. He did not move even an inch.

Seeing this scene, Ye Qingyu knew that Dugu Quan was already completely immersed within the mysteries of these characters. With the [Pill God of Snow country]’s cultivation in the Pill Dao, he would definitely be able to discern more things than him from these characters.

Ye Qingyu did not disturb him, standing up to depart.

---------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

