Chapter 1353:


Chapter 1366 - True Dragon

The Wisp God of Consciousness was a special life form that was very rare. It possessed an innate ability to manipulate people's hearts, and besides, its own cultivation realm was a lot stronger than that of the Abandoned Fiendgod and the King of Destruction, reaching the extreme depths of the King of Sovereigns realm. Had its opportunities not been restricted, it could perhaps even have entered the Eternity Realm.

It was an even more terrifying being than the two Kings of Sovereigns.

Otherwise, the King of Destruction and the Abandoned Fiendgod would not have invited it to come, even paying such a huge price and offering such compromise and concession. For its sake, they even exercised forbearance toward Jiang Xiaohan.

Trapped in the star array of Ye Qingyu's World Tree at this time, the figure of the Wisp God of Consciousness appeared on and off, as if jumping through time and space. Unexpectedly, Ye Qingyu could not hit it again despite performing successive sword strikes.

"There's no enmity between us. Why don't we call it quits now?"

A voice flowed from among the wisp.

It was suing for peace.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

The day's battle had reached such a state whereby both parties had turned bloodthirsty. While there was indeed no enmity before, deep hatred could be said to have arisen by this time. The earlier sword strike had shaken the foundation of the Wisp God of Consciousness, and thus there was no longer any turning back. As the saying goes, if grass is cut without destroying the roots, it will grow again when the spring breeze blows. A disaster would befall when the Wisp God of Consciousness attained the Eternity Realm.

"Since you've come, don't leave."

Ye Qingyu activated the star array to seal off the cosmic void. Using the force of the array, he reduced and suppressed the active space of the Wisp God of Consciousness.

His sword light was like lightning while his sword will was like a tide.

The splendor of the Wisp God of Consciousness dimmed, albeit it continued doing its utmost to hold on.

Suddenly...

Swish!

It turned into a beam of light and rammed toward the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

Boom!

The light shield throbbed as the [Cloud Top Cauldron] was unexpectedly knocked askew.

The Wisp God of Consciousness nearly rammed its way in.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron’s] defense against this kind of melody technique was a weak point. Having found out about this, the Wisp God of Consciousness charged frenziedly, hoping to enter the space beneath the cauldron and possess one of the humans there, which would allow it to change its state and perform a counterattack. This could possibly make Ye Qingyu spare the rat to save the dishes, for it had discerned all of these people were his kin and were very important to him.

This was its last resort.

Ye Qingyu's countenance shifted.

With a jerk of his body, he instantly arrived beneath the [Cloud Top Cauldron] and held on to it with one hand.

The cauldron instantly seemed to come alive, with the textured words on it giving off a piercing splendor that swept in all directions. The light shield instantly became firmer than ever before, while a power of laws turned into a concrete symbol that circulated within. As a result, the Wisp God of Consciousness could not ram its way in, and the collision produced nothing but a soft dent.

Clang clang...

Guzheng music rang out again.

It was not targeted at Ye Qingyu this time.

Instead, the targets were Song Xiaojun, Wen Wan, and the others

The guzheng music served up a melody of missing someone and not missing one's hometown this time.

Having just bade farewell to the Divine Light Emperor, Wen Wan and the other divine generals had deep yearnings in their heart. Their inner demons were aroused by the melody at once. While the Divine Light Emperor's inner demons were about homesickness, theirs were about missing someone. In truth, the reason that the Sky Emperor would betray the Divine Light Court back then had something to do with this. He was devoured by his inner demons without even being aroused.

Subjected to this heart-manipulating power, the aura of inner demons surged in the bodies of the Six Divine Generals and the battle pet monkey.

Feeling a jolt in his heart, Ye Qingyu kept them into the interior space of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

This Wisp God of Consciousness was very troublesome to deal with.

Just then, however, a dragon's roar rang out. The Light Palace, which Ye Qingyu had stored in his dantian world all this time, suddenly gave off an immense splendor as it broke out of his body and suspended above him without waiting for him to control it. The dragon's roar had indeed sounded from within the Light Palace.

Little Silver Dragon?

Ye Qingyu instantly sensed the intention of this little fellow, who fell into some kind of strange slumber every now and then.

The next moment, it turned into silver light and spewed from the Light Palace.

"Are you saying that you need its energy?" Ye Qingyu looked astonishedly at it. Just a while ago, he had sensed its intention to be an urgent desire to devour the Wisp God of Consciousness, whose energy would allow it to recover from the state of having to sleep every now and then.

The little silver dragon nodded its head hurriedly and let out a long groan.

It sounded extremely urgent.

This was the first time that Ye Qingyu had felt it to be in such a state.

In the past, it was always very sluggish and had to be carried around by Little Nine the silly dog, getting the shorter end of the stick every time. Later on, in order to save Ye Qingyu, it swallowed the silver snake in the Light Palace and became the spirit of the Light Palace. Although it helped Ye Qingyu on several occasions, it entered a strange state of constant sleepiness and had to sleep regularly, only waking up once in a while to interact with Ye Qingyu briefly.

In reality, Ye Qingyu had thought most highly of it all along, regarding it to be on par with Little Nine.

"But how are you going to devour it?" He frowned.

Although it wanted to devour the Wisp God of Consciousness, it was far too weak to do so. The only possibility was to defeat the latter first, but what if the latter Dao-dissolved after being defeated? After all, as a being at the King of Sovereigns realm, it would not accept being devoured by others even after death, for this was a matter of dignity.

The little silver dragon uttered a long howl that shook the cosmos.

"Are you saying that it'll suffice to seal him in a small space?" Ye Qingyu, who had a spiritual connection with the little silver dragon, understood what it meant.

The latter spiralled around him rapidly with extreme elation, using its little horns to rub against Ye Qingyu's cheeks.

Ye Qingyu patted it and nodded.

With a change of thought, the totemic World Tree behind him shook once more, causing more leaves to fall and turn into stars that were assimilated into the star array. As a result, the originally-sealed space shrunk unceasingly.

Every star was akin to a formation, containing inexplicable power within.

This method was many times more brilliant than the Abandoned Fiendgod's using of a long whip to refine the stars.

"Ye Qingyu, are you really in a hurry to kill us all?" The Wisp God of Consciousness uttered an angry roar. The space it could take refuge in was shrinking endlessly, eventually becoming less than ten kilometers in circumference. Every time it flickered, it was barely able to evade the light of Ye Qingyu's sword will.

Ye Qingyu put on a stern expression. "You should've been aware of this when you joined this battle, so don't blame me. If it had been you all who gained the advantage and won today, it would probably not be just me, but also the myriad beings in the Vast Thousand Star Domains, who would become your food and suffer a tragic end... You've attained the King of Sovereigns realm for a long time, and should know better than most that everyone has to pay a price for their own choices."

Leaves fell.

The star array became ever more intricate and vast.

Finally, the leaf-converted stars piled up densely in the midst of this cosmic battlefield space, virtually one after another. However, they also circulated in an orderly fashion at the same time, forming an array that was mysterious like no other. Ye Qingyu's expression was grave and his countenance was somewhat pale. Having entered the Eternity Realm fairly recently, he had yet to consolidate it fully, and so to maintain such a large formation was extremely taxing on his spirit and mental strength.

The expression of the little silver dragon was also uptight.

It stared at the Wisp God of Consciousness, who was very much like a fish trapped in a pond that was about to dry up, as if staring at delicious food, nearly drooling.

In the end, the Wisp God of Consciousness was restricted to a space of no more than fifty meters.

Struggling hard and howling, it utilized various melody techniques but was unable to arouse Ye Qingyu's inner feelings again.

After all, the disparity between them was now a full realm.

Uttering a cheer, the little silver dragon charged forth in spite of Ye Qingyu's obstruction.

It opened its mouth to bite at the Wisp God of Consciousness.

Evidently, it was also not afraid of the latter's melody technique, which had no effect on him.

"Ugh... you despicable bug, how dare..." The latter raged and howled, but this rage quickly turned into horror and it began to squeal. This was because the little silver dragon actually bit off its outlying splendor in mouthfuls as if biting a cake, swallowing this splendor into its abdomen. Subjected to the little silver dragon's biting, the splendor seemed like a tangible object, very strange indeed.

Bewildered, Ye Qingyu immediately recalled that the little silver dragon had also used this method to devour the former spiritual snake in the Light Palace.

Subsequently, he also recalled what the Divine Light Emperor said before leaving.

The latter had said that there was a dragon by his side already, and that was why the silly dog Little Nine could not possess opportunity during this life. Could this dragon be referring to the little silver dragon?

Shrill squeals and angry howls were heard. The Wisp God of Consciousness had run into a natural nemesis on this day. Its King of Sovereigns realm cultivation was entirely about using melodies to manipulate people's hearts, but this had practically no effect on the little silver dragon. Moreover, in such an array of stars, the cosmic laws and the tides of spiritual qi were all being controlled by Ye Qingyu. Hence, it was unable to manipulate and kill its enemies, and it all but fell into a state in which the little silver dragon could slaughter it any way it wanted.

Ye Qingyu felt astounded as he watched this scene.

He became ever more confident in his judgement that the little silver dragon was the dragon that the Divine Light Emperor was referring to.

At present, a reasonable explanation was that although Little Nine had followed beside him for a long time, it lacked the innate talents mentioned by the Divine Light Emperor as well as other opportunities, and thus it was instead the little silver dragon who was first to obtain this opportunity later on. Perhaps, the so-called opportunity lied within the Light Palace. Although Little Nine ate and gobbled up anything it could, it did not devour the silver snake in the Light Palace, which the little silver dragon beat it to.

Time passed.

As the little silver dragon was not big in size, it spent a full six to eight hours biting on the body of the Wisp God of Consciousness.

Eventually, amid the waning squeals of the Wisp God of Consciousness, it finally completed this devourment.

It had eaten up the Wisp God of Consciousness completely.

One mouthful at a time.

Such a scene might be highly unbelievable, but it was the reality.

After its meal, the little silver dragon's body heightened ceaselessly while its silver scales grew and its figure swelled. Streaks of flickering multi-colored splendor diffused from its body, and a golden dragon claw gradually grew out from its abdomen...

A dragon of five claws.

A true dragon.

With a jolt of Ye Qingyu's thoughts, all of the stars turned into leaves and returned to the ancient tree.

He removed the array.

A dragon roar shook the cosmos.

The little silver dragon's figure had turned into a behemoth of tens of millions of kilometers in length. Moving about in the cosmic void, it gave the impression of a dragon returning to the sea, completely uninhibited, with its aura strengthening and changing endlessly.

It's a true dragon indeed.

The long roar of a true dragon signalled the conclusion of this final battle.

Ye Qingyu released Wen Wan and the others from the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"Everything has ended."

He felt at ease like never before.

It's time to head back.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1354:


Chapter 1367 - Glory and Decline

The battle ended.

The void was in complete disorder.

The area millions of kilometers around was completely reduced to a pile of rubble. All the surrounding planets had been destroyed, dust floated in space, the broken shards of the planets, the fragmented planetary cores, the chaotic power of laws, and the tides of strength surged everywhere. It would take another few million years for this part of space to get back to normal.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] transported Ye Qingyu and the others safely back to the astronomical continent.

The battle here had ended.

He had already laid out these plans in advance. The armies of the Underworld Star Domain, the Dark Purple Star Domain, and the others that were once part of the King of Sovereigns from an alternate timeline and had descended to invade and steal the fortunes of the Vast Thousand Star Domains were all now under his control. He had planted Bai Yunxing, Jin Ling'er, and the others in all these planets and star domains as part of his plan. And now, he had benefited tremendously.

Huge cheers rang out in waves like a tsunami.

Ye Qingyu felt an indescribable sense of pride as he looked at the troops who had joined him on this expedition.

This was the strength of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, and the strength of his hometown.

Later on, no matter how many years had passed, each time the future generations in the Vast Thousand Star Domains remembered the battle in which the very existence of the Vast Thousand Star Domains was on the line, they would not only remember the battle fought by Imperial God Emperor Ye Qingyu, but they would also remember the troops who went to space and used their blood and lives to defend the fate of this emerging star domain, their families, their homes, and their honor as martial artists.

"Long Live the Emperor!"

"Hurrah!"

Excited shouts and cheers echoes everywhere.

Although these warriors had not stepped onto the battlefield of the King of Sovereigns, they witnessed how Ye Qingyu had powerfully defeated the King of Destruction, the Abandoned Fiendgod, and the Wisp God of Consciousness through the projections from Ursa Major and the mirror techniques installed by Li Xiaofei and the other Kings of Sovereigns. They saw how planets could be annihilated at a mental command, and how the Kings of Sovereigns drew on their divine abilities to use planets like chess pieces to form formations. Through these Kings of Sovereigns, who were as powerful as fiendgods, these warriors finally understood how powerful and almighty their tutelary deity was.

They had already destroyed and eliminated all enemies on the astronomical continent and won the battle.

They were the most loyal and brave warriors of the Imperial God Emperor.

They were the sharpest and most piercing long swords that the Imperial God Emperor referred to.

They used their actions to prove that they were worthy of being subjects of such a great Emperor.

"We... are going home!" Ye Qingyu said, and his voice could be heard throughout the astronomical continent.

"We will bring the consciousness and blood of the martyred back with us. Every single brave soldier of the Vast Thousand Star Domains shall live on forever," he said as he used his power of laws to move the astronomical continent toward the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

He was so powerful that he didn't need to worry about the proximity of the astronomical continent to the Vast Thousand Star Domains affecting the orbit of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. The astronomical continent stopped when it was several million kilometers away from the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

Ye Qingyu created a path.

A silver warship carried the soldiers who had victoriously returned home to the Dark Realm.

The Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Immortal Empire had received news of their victorious return in advance and had already prepared a victory ceremony. A grand and large-scale ceremony was held along the defensive lines of the Dark Realm's Great Wall. Empress of the Immortal Empire Yu Xiaoxing stood on the city walls with a smile on her face. She looked like the most beautiful flower that had bloomed in a flourishing age and gave off an invincible aura.

The path meandered downward and the soldiers finally returned from their battle away from home.

Countless relatives of these soldiers looked out eagerly for their loved ones.

The tense atmosphere that had hung in the air over the past few days had finally dissipated.

No one knew who started to cheer, but soon enough, loud cheers rang out thunderously and quickly spread along the Great Wall. The twenty-thousand-kilometer-long Great Wall seemed to come alive as it let out an unprecedented, long howl that sounded like a divine dragon moving along the western frontier of the Dark Realm.

This was a historic victory for the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

In fact, it was a glorious victory for all times.

The troops who had participated in the expedition entered the naval ports of the Great Wall and the various military garrisons were already prepared to welcome the troops.

Everything happened in an orderly manner.

The victory ceremony reached its climax when Ye Qingyu and the others made their appearance.

Countless people went into a frenzy.

Anyone who had the chance to see the most legendary figure from the Vast Thousand Star Domains even from a distance would be so excited that they would cry tears of joy. There were so many variations of the legend of the Imperial God Emperor, and this battle in space would take its place in history as part of his legend.

The celebrations lasted for an entire year.

The excitement slowly started to die down a year later.

Another piece of news started to spread wildly across the Vast Thousand Domains.

It was said that the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Immortal Empire would merge to become one entity.

This made sense since the founder of both the Immortal Empire and the Heaven Wasteland Empire was none other than the Imperial God Emperor. Now that the enemy of the Vast Thousand Star Domains had been vanquished in space and the threat of Invaders no longer existed, they were on the cusp of stepping into an age of peace.

Thus, there would be a need to merge the two largest empires of the Vast Thousand Star Domains—in fact, over the past two thousand years, these two empires had worked so closely together to prepare for the battle in space that they functioned like one entity. There were already signs of this merger happening a long time ago.

Naturally, the merging of two empires would involve reformation, redrawing the boundaries, reorganizing the imperial subjects, and so on, and it would be a while before they could fully merge.

However, the news of this impending merger was soon overshadowed by another piece of news.

The Imperial God Emperor was about to get married.

The day these two empires merged would also be when his wedding would be held.

The Immortal Dojo soon verified that this news was indeed true.

The entire Vast Thousand Star Domains was in an uproar.

This was undoubtedly great news.

The beautiful love stories of the Imperial God Empire, the Empress of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, and the Emperor of Darkness had spread amongst the people who lived across the various domains. Neither empire made any efforts to suppress these stories, and many poets, scholars, and historians had researched and celebrated their love stories, and even published materials related to this. These then became great love stories that moved countless men and women.

All this while, there had been a lot of speculation on which woman was the Imperial God Emperor's true love.

Different people would have a different preference based on where they resided. Most of those from the Immortal Empire supported Emperor of Darkness Song Xiaojun. Since a large majority of those from the Immortal Empire were Dark Ones who had been suppressed for a long time, they felt a sense of connection to Song Xiaojun, who was also a Dark One herself. Those from the Heaven Wasteland Empire naturally were loyal to and supported their Empress Yu Xiaoxing.

This matter had caused several intense debates.

The supporters of both camps would cheer for their preferred empress and would clash intensely over their ideological difference, but there had never been an official stance on this matter.

The answer was finally revealed today.

Based on the news received from various sources, the Empress of the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Emperor of Darkness would both be wedded to the Imperial God Emperor.

The supporters of both camps were extremely excited and content with this result.

Both camps felt as though they had won.

Besides the official merging of both empires and the preparation for the wedding, the members of the public had also started to organize various commemorative events, while the major martial sects, families, and those experts from the Immortal Dojo also submitted proposals and secretly made preparations themselves.

Time passed by. Many years gradually passed since the great battle in space.

The Vast Thousand Star Domains had also suffered losses during the battle in space and they had lost more than a third of their men. Many martyred spirits would remain on the battlefield forever and their families would mourn this loss forever. The scars and pain that were brought about because of war could not be avoided, but the empire provided for the families of the martyred so well that this gradually soothed their pain. Ye Qingyu had also emphasized on multiple occasions that the families of the martyred were to receive beneficial treatment.

The Vast Thousand Star Domains entered an unprecedented golden age.

Ye Qingyu's prestige and authority within the Vast Thousand Star Domains did not fall, but rather, increased every day. This was especially so since the military had started to streamline its policies and also started to withdraw the troops. This led to many elite and veteran soldiers bringing their eyewitness accounts of what had happened during the battle in space back to their hometowns. It was like seeds of admiration floating toward the various domains and planets. They brought their admiration of Ye Qinguy and the legendary war stories back to their hometowns, and after these stories spread amongst the people, the ordinary folks who did not live past a hundred years of age also understood the threats that the Vast Thousand Star Domains had once faced and also knew who had sacrificed so much to defend this world.

Admiration could spread from one person to another.

Admiration could also be accumulated.

Shrines dedicated to Ye Qingyu appeared in every domain and planet, and many artistic statues and figurines of him could be found throughout the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

At the Immortal Dojo—

Ye Qingyu was dressed in white robes and stood barefoot next to the divine temple, his hair falling loosely over his shoulders.

Song Xiaojun and Yu Xiaoxing, who were also dressed in simple loose white robes, stood beside him.

These two most outstanding beauties of their generation had withdrawn from the dazzling spotlight that was always on them because of their statuses. They had also let go of the heavy and cruel burden that this generation and world had placed upon their shoulders. They looked calm and composed because time had been kind to them and they had finally found the happiness and calmness within themselves.

"Brother Qingyu, a penny for your thoughts?" Yu Xiaoxing cocked her head and asked with a smile as she looked at Ye Qingyu.

Song Xiaojun also looked at him.

These two beautiful and intelligent women could tell that Ye Qingyu seemed to get more distracted as their wedding drew closer.

"I was wondering where my two friends, Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui, disappeared to," he said with a sigh. "I had initially assumed that the Chaos Demon Emperor and the Ferryman of the Netherworld would know where they had gone, but that didn't turn out to be the case. I'm now so powerful that I can easily sense every part of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, but I'm still unable to detect their presence. Could they have gone to a foreign domain or planet?"

"If you can't detect their presence that means that they are definitely not within the Vast Thousand Star Domains," Song Xiaojun said with certainty. "The Yellow Springs River back then was controlled by the Ferryman of the Netherworld, and the Chaos Demon Emperor is the true owner of the Reincarnation Hall, so if they both don't know where Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi have gone, this means that something strange must have happened then."

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "Brother Liu Shaji spends his time traveling across the various domains and has refused to give up hope... Sigh, when I think back to how we got along so well the moment we first met at the Clear River Domain and fought alongside each other like true brothers, I also remember that we made a pact that, if either of us were to get married, we would not go home until we were completely drunk. Yet now, I don't know where they have disappeared to and they might be suffering or in pain, so this... is troubling me."

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1355:


Chapter 1368 - A Grand Occasion in a Flourishing Age

The whereabouts of Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui had always been on his mind, even after so many years.

He had tried all sorts of means and methods, but he was still unable to figure out where they could have gone.

He couldn't find them even if they were still alive, and if they were dead, he couldn't find their bodies either.

Ye Qingyu had used the Light Emperor Detection Technique on more than one occasion.

He was now so powerful that he was even able to detect the presence of other King of Sovereigns across several star domains. However, no matter how hard he tried, he was unable to detect the presence of these two people who were his closest friends and who had left so many clues behind everywhere. He drew a blank each time he used the Light Emperor Detection Technique.

Since the space battle ended, Liu Shaji had started to roam around the various star domains and planets, and explored the unexplored and dangerous areas. He traveled all around the world, but everyone knew that he was searching for Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui. He had shelved his plans to rebuild the White Lotus Sword Sect and he seemed hell-bent on searching for his friends. This had always been a thorn in his side since he learned about his past.

Yu Xiaoxing and Song Xiaojun looked at Ye Qingyu and said in unison, "We can delay the wedding if you'd like your friends to attend our wedding." Then, they looked at each other and exchanged a smile.

Ye Qingyu stretched out his hand, took the girls' hands in his, and said with a smile, "Let's not wait any longer."

Yes, he couldn't delay his wedding any longer.

Youth would fade away and so would their beautiful looks.

Ye Qingyu was not a block of wood, so he knew how much these two women loved him. More than two thousand years had passed since they first met each other. And although the spiritual qi in the Vast Thousand Domains was extremely abundant these days and this had resulted in the average lifespan of the Human Race increasing significantly, the Human Race could now live for more than two hundred years. But two thousand years was the span of ten lifetimes and these two women had waited way too long for him.

Yu Xiaoxing and Song Xiaojun were both highly skilled martial experts with long lifespans, so they were in the prime of their youth right now. However, waiting would often prove to be torturous, as one would get tired and drained after waiting for such a long time.

Men would often fall for women who were kind to them.

Ye Qingyu owed them so much, so he could not afford to let them wait any longer.

He was certain that Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui would agree with his decision.

...

...

Time ticked by.

Ten years soon flew by in the blink of an eye.

Time seemed to fly by extremely quickly for highly skilled martial experts. A decade seemed like an instant to them.

The Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Immortal Empire finally officially merged to become a single empire, and this merger was processed smoothly and peacefully.

The Imperial God Emperor personally suggested that the Dark Realm be renamed the Light Realm, the Royal City of the Guardians be renamed the Light City, and the new empire be named the Immortal Heaven Empire. Snow Capital of the Heaven Wasteland Empire would be the capital of this new empire and the Heaven Wasteland Domain would be an imperial planet.

Ye Qingyu's marriage to his two beloved women was also conducted in a grand fashion after a decade of preparation.

The Emperor qi caused the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain to be filled with red flower petals overnight. It was a romantic and beautiful sight to behold, and the various ambassadors, experts, officials, old friends, and the disciples of Immortal Dojo from the various domains and planets thronged the vast Heaven Wasteland Domain. These people were all of different races, from different domains, and of different ages, but they spoke the same language and they were here for the same reason.

Countless people witnessed this grand wedding ceremony.

The official ceremony was held in the imperial capital, Snow City, and Imperial God Emperor Ye Qingyu and his two empresses entered the city from the eastern gate. They were in a flying ship that was driven by the true dragon, Little Silver, and they were bathed by flower petals and entered Light City to the cheers of countless citizens and pilgrims. Then, their wedding was officially held in the fire tree woods next to the Fiery Springs.

Their master of ceremonies was none other than Great Emperor Li Xiaofei.

Li Xiaofei ranked higher than Ye Qingyu and the others in terms of seniority and he had once been the pride and savior of the Human Race. Thus, he was the only person who was qualified to host this grand ceremony. Although he did not hold an official title within the Immortal Heaven Empire, nor did he establish his own sect, he was still highly regarded within the empire.

Ye Qingyu's elders were the two divine generals and Aunt Lan.

As for the women's side of the family, Yu Xiaoxing was accompanied by the ex-Snow Emperor, who had since retired to the ancestral shrine of the Snow Capital, and First Princess Yu Junqing. Song Xiaojun entered the ceremony with her arms linked with her sister, Song Qingluo.

The optical brain, [The Beginning], had planned the entire ceremony and this ceremony incorporated the ancient customs of the Heaven Wasteland Domain with the traditional practices of Earth's civilization.

Light City could hold one hundred thousand people, and so many people had thronged into the city that it was bursting at the seams.

Those who were allowed to set foot inside Snow Capital to witness this grand ceremony were all major influential figures of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. And those who were invited to the Light City were strong titans, prodigies, talents, supremely powerful experts, and authoritative figures who were powerful enough to reign over a certain part of the world. Every single one of them was so powerful that their identity and status would astound large crowds. But after entering Light City, they were only able to find a space that was so tiny that they were forced to stand throughout.

The Empire's Pill God Dugu Quan, the Divine Doctor Ouyang Buping, the old marshal Li Guangbi, the ex-Left Minister of Snow Capital and the current Prime Minister of the Empire Lin Zheng, the War God of the Dragon Human Race Xu Yuwa, and the other titans from the older generations that numbered thousands of people were all present at fire tree woods. There were some amongst them who had already retired in seclusion and had only emerged from seclusion to attend Ye Qingyu's wedding.

"Lil Ye Qingyu has finally made it," Dugu Quan said with a sigh and exchanged a smile with the Divine Doctor.

These two elderly men couldn't help sighing in wonder.

Dugu Quan thought back to his first encounter with Ye Qingyu. They had met because of a [Mysterious Heaven Pellet], and Ye Qingyu had merely been a military official back then. No one would have thought that this outstanding young man, who had received polarizing criticisms and praises while he was stationed at the Youyan Pass and also at the Snow Empire, would be able to make it this far.

The female Sword Immortal, Wang Jianru, was also overcome with mixed feelings when she saw Song Xiaojun smiling so happily next to Ye Qingyu.

After the blood of darkness was ignited within Song Xiaojun's body, she became the enemy of the empire overnight. In other words, the entire empire was full of her enemies, and she was in such dire straits that Wang Jianru had to reveal her true identity and unleash her true strength ahead of time. She had assumed that she was strong enough to protect and guard over Song Xiaojun for a lifetime. She remembered when Ye Qingyu gave up his body to see Song Xiaojun and how he seemed infatuated and determined before they parted reluctantly. However, she had assumed that this was just a youthful infatuation, and no matter how passionately he loved Song Xiaojun, she was certain that this love would die once he was forced to face reality. She had instinctively assumed that Ye Qingyu's and Song Xiaojun's love would disappear as time passed and that the gap between their status and identities would become even wider. Even after Ye Qingyu displayed his potential and talent, she did not think that he would truly take on the entire world for the sake of Song Xiaojun, but she had been wrong. This man turned out to be so powerful that he could destroy all of the obstacles that stood between their love. When she remembered how much they suffered and what they had been through to be with each other, she truly wished them well and hoped that they would have a blissful marriage together.

Bai Yuanxing, Jin Ling'er, Li Ying, Li Qi, and the others who were present were so happy that they could hardly contain their excitement and reacted like little children as they watched the ceremony. It was hard to think that these people were now Sovereigns of foreign domains of their own who were famous throughout the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

Li Ying's and Li Qi's parents had also been invited and were present at the wedding.

Mother Wu and Elder Li attracted the most attention amongst the crowd.

Mother Wu had been with Ye Qingyu since he was at the Youyan Pass. Although she was merely a cook, her status had risen after Ye Qingyu rose to fame. She did not cultivate the martial way, but because of Ye Qingyu, Li Qi, and Li Ying, she managed to enjoy longevity and health. Elder Li, who stood beside Mother Wu, was also extremely nervous. He was a simple and honest man, and though his son and daughter were now Kings of Sovereigns themselves who stood at the pinnacle of the martial way, he had always kept a low profile and lived quietly with Mother Wu in Light City just like an ordinary resident.

The chief clerk of the Immortal Heaven Empire, Luo Yi, stood in the front row, and his eyes as he watched Ye Qingyu performing the wedding formalities were full of gratefulness and fervent respect.

This young man who had risen in the world still remembered the glorious days after he had been transferred to Ye Qingyu's side. He remembered the humiliation he had felt after his betrothed had broken off their engagement and how he managed to regain his dignity in the simplest and most direct manner. His life had changed thereafter, and as time passed, this chief clerk had won the favor and respect of many respectable people. After he retired, he had brought up this precious memory on more than one occasion in his autobiography. This had also become one of the most legendary and amusing anecdotes of the Immortal Heaven Empire.

Lan Tian and the tall and skinny Martial Emperor were also present.

Lan Tian was no longer burdened or held back by his past, so he could finally enjoy life as he wished.

Ye Qingyu's ex-classmates were beside Lan Tian. Those who managed to survive after Deer City had been destroyed by the Invaders were Zhou Yu, Qin Wushuang, Yan Xingtian, Bai Yuqing, Quan Yalin, and others. Hon Kong, Li Chenzhou, and others were also present, and they were the representatives of White Deer Academy. They were all unable to hide their pride because Ye Qingyu and Song Xiaojun were alumni of White Deer Academy, while Yu Xiaoxing also had a deep affinity with White Deer Academy. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that White Deer Academy had emerged as the biggest winner.

Ye Qingyu was an extremely sentimental man, and after so many years had passed, his old friends were scattered everywhere. He didn't have many old acquaintances left, but he invited them all.

Tang San, who had always been by Xiao Cao's and Qing'er's side, couldn't hold back his excitement either. He had merely been a house slave of the Ye residence, but his life had changed because of Ye Qingyu. He was now the main supervisor of the Ye residence and his status was even higher than that of a ruler of a large domain. Everything felt like a dream to him as he looked back at how he managed to get to this point, and he was terrified that he would awaken from his fantasy. Xiao Cao and Qing'er chattered excitedly next to him. These two little girls had grown to become beautiful women who had gotten married to men they loved. Ye Qingyu had done some background checks and confirmed that these were upright men, so these women were now living happily with their husbands.

The Old Master Li Shizhen was also seated in the front row.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1356:


Chapter 1369 - Main Characters and Supporting Characters

Li Shizhen's identity gradually became clearer.

He was, in fact, a Martial Emperor from generations past and had been the only Martial Emperor in history who had managed to escape the control of the Sky Emperor. Later, he destroyed his own cultivation and went into hiding. By chance, he came across a crack in space and time, and used it to enter the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Back then, the laws of the Heavenly Dao in the Heaven Wasteland Domain were incomplete and this led to his strength weakening. He had several encounters with the Peerless War God and the Peerless War God had instructed him to pay special attention to Ye Qingyu, and thus, he gave Ye Qingyu the pill formula.

He was also an outstanding character himself.

Now, he would walk freely amongst the various domains and planets of the Vast Thousand Star Domains to gather herbs and refine pills. He led a carefree life and was on such good terms with the Pill God and the Divine Doctor that they were like the three musketeers. He had never once asked about worldly affairs and drifted around like a carefree and wild heron. He was extremely elusive and would occasionally make an appearance in the mortal realm to leave behind yet another astonishing legend. He could bring the dead back to life and he was like a living immortal to many people.

Today was Ye Qingyu's wedding so Li Shizhen would naturally be present.

This was not only because of how powerful Ye Qingyu was today, nor was it because they were old acquaintances, nor was it due to the fact that they clicked well together and he had once guided Ye Qingyu on how to refine herbs and pills. Today, Ye Qingyu was more well-versed in the art of refining than he was and had given him 108 Yin-Yang Bagua pill furnaces, which was the holy grail of the art of refining. Li Shizhen felt as though he was close to achieving his lifelong dream of refining a pill of eternity.

The crowd chattered excitedly.

A loud cheer rang out from Light City.

This was the most important part of the ceremony.

Qin Zhishui looked on with a smile on her face, but her outward calm belied her excitement.

He was now not only an expert who was known throughout the Vast Thousand Star Domains and who was publicly acknowledged to be a master in sword and saber techniques, and given the honorific title of a Matchless Saber Emperor, but he was also a legendary figure in the martial way. This martial artist, who had once used to fervently fight against the Brute Race, was a current swordsman who used to be one of the few that had managed to see the bigger picture amongst the successors of the Three Sects and Three Schools, and who was also Ye Qingyu's good friend, was highly respected by all because of his heroism and righteousness. He was not interested in power and authority and was solely focused on perfecting his sword and saber techniques. He had once entered the Immortal Dojo to further his understanding in front of the divine statues that contained Emperor techniques. He was now merely a whisker away from becoming a Martial Emperor himself, as he fit the classical descriptions of martial artists to a tee.

Qin Zhishui was surrounded by his wife, son, and daughter.

"Dad, Uncle Imperial Emperor looks really handsome today," his son who was almost three said as he sat on Qin Zhishui's shoulders.

His beautiful and intelligent wife smiled at her son's words.

She remembered that it was Ye Qingyu who had descended from the sky to turn the tables when the foreign experts had invaded Matchless Blade City and left her husband on the verge of death. He had personally returned her happiness back to her when she had felt hopeless and despair. She knew that Ye Qingyu was regarded by many as their savior, and the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains could only exist because of his protection. However, she was still very grateful to him as she looked at her husband and her children, who were everything to her.

There were also others from the Snow Empire's Three Sects and Three Schools who stood near Qin Zhishui.

The ex-heir of the Dragon Tiger Sect and the current sect master, Wu Shanglong, was also present.

The sect master of the Crepe Mrytle Sect, Li Rui, was also present in their midst.

The disciple of the Crepe Myrtle Sect, who used to be so timid and cowardly but who was upright and righteous and offered to sacrifice himself for his loved ones in the face of death, was now the sect master of the Crepe Myrtle Sect for the past two thousand years. He had a strong cultivation and he was as powerful as Qin Zhishui. He was also considered to be one of the most powerful experts within the Vast Thousand Star Domains and was famous for being upright and righteous. Under his leadership, the Crepe Myrtle Sect's fame had spread beyond the Heaven Wasteland Domain and had become even more well known. Li Rui was probably the most authoritative sect master throughout the history of the sect, who was unmatched in terms of cultivation and achievements.

Tears swam in his eyes as he watched the proceedings on stage.

He still remembered that it had been Ye Qingyu who had in the Crepe Myrtle Sect more than two thousand three hundred years ago, personally appointed him sect master of the Crepe Myrtle Sect, and imparted unto him and guided him on his cultivation techniques. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that Ye Qingyu had molded him to be the person he was today.

The more he thought about it, the more emotional he became, and he reached out to hold his wife's hand.

His wife was none other than Nan Hua.

He used to have a crush on this woman and didn't even dare to look directly at her since she was his senior, who gave off such a bright and dazzling aura, but now they had been happily married for more than two thousand years, and they had three sons and a daughter together. This stubborn, unruly, and haughty young girl had matured into a gentle and beautiful woman.

Nan Hua turned to look at her husband with a smile when she felt his hand on hers.

She couldn't help sighing emotionally when she saw Ye Qingyu, who was getting married on stage. More than two thousand years had truly flown by in the blink of an eye.

He was still as handsome as ever and his looks had not changed at all, but his status had skyrocketed so fast that he was like a divine dragon that had shot into the sky. She used to think that she was noble and highborn and had once crushed on Ye Qingyu, and even attempted to get to know him better. She was haughty and unruly, and just like any other young girl, she once dreamt of having a prince charming come and sweep her off her feet. She had hoped that Ye Qingyu would fall for her, but as time passed, she finally woke up from her unrealistic dreams. Life had given her an added layer of maturity, just like how an unripe apple would ultimately turn red as rays of sunlight shone upon it, and she awakened from her wishful thinking and started to live her own life. She did not think that she had compromised on her dreams by marrying Li Rui, but rather, she truly loved this man who gave her a sense of security.

The Lang siblings, Lang Zhong and Lang Yong, were also present in the crowd as the family of the groom.

After more than two thousand years had passed, they had given up on managing their sect and joined the empire. They were now in charge of the secret troops of the empire. Most ordinary officials of the empire did not know of their existence, but they were secretly so powerful that Martial Emperors would turn pale.

Bai Yuqing attracted a lot of attention, as though she were a moon fairy who had descended to the mortal realm. The current master of White Jade Capital was incredibly gorgeous and gave off a perfect and ethereal aura like someone who wasn't of the world. No matter how crowded Light City was, there was still some space between herself and the others since no one dared to draw too close to her. They weren't afraid of her due to her being a Martial Emperor, but because she was so beautiful that no one wanted to taint her beauty. Even those who were extremely confident and egotistical felt a little ashamed of themselves in front of Bai Yuqing. This feeling was as though they would taint her etherealism if they drew closer to her.

Unfortunately, this beautiful fairy was not one of the beautiful brides on stage today.

If the Imperial God Emperor couldn't win the heart of this beautiful woman, then who would be able to win her heart?

Many amongst the wedding guests speculated secretly.

Bai Yuqing was the only person who knew that she indeed had fallen for Ye Qingyu. However, she was too stubborn and prideful, so even though she was willing to lay her life on the line for this man, she would never express her feelings for him, nor would she be willing to share her beloved with another woman. Thus, she would rather stand in the distance, watch his wedding ceremony, and wish him well.

"I wish you happiness," Bai Yuqing said silently.

She could only lament the fact that they had met too late and that she had taken even longer than the others to fall for him.

Since she had met him later than the other women, everything was already written in the stars. Thus, was there still a need for her to fight with the others for this man?

She thought self-deprecatingly.

Everything had probably been written in the stars in advance.

Bai Yuqing looked on for a while longer before she turned and left.

Her white robes disappeared like a bright moon.

No one saw the fairy of White Jade Capital ever again and no one knew where she had gone. Many thousands of years later, another successor of White Jade Capital appeared in the world and stunned everyone with her beauty. She looked almost exactly the same as Bai Yuqing.

Ye Qingyu did not notice Bai Yuqing's departure as he stood on stage.

However, the bridesmaid, Song Qingluo, who stood arm in arm beside Song Xiaojun, immediately saw the figure in white leaving. She smiled wryly as she watched this figure, who looked a little lonely and carefree, disappear.

Bai Yuqing's beauty was indeed matchless, but not all the love in the world could be won through beauty. Song Qingluo herself had also fallen for Ye Qingyu, but she didn't manage to win his heart and she was not as carefree as Bai Yuqing. She realized that she could not extricate herself from her love for him. She held on to her sister's arm and experienced the entire wedding proceedings in the closest proximity, but this was enough for her. Since she couldn't be the star of this wedding, she was happy to play a supporting role.

Everyone had their own method of loving others and also had the freedom of choice.

The wedding entered the stage where the brides and groom were to take their vows.

The brides and groom were supremely powerful figures and their vows were witnessed by the heavens and the earth.

The power of Dao laws manifested itself and Dao sounds roared.

The Little Princess of the Black Demon Race pouted as she looked at the trio who was receiving the blessings of the people. Then she sighed and couldn't help thinking of her friend, the Celestial Phoenix Maiden. The Celestial Phoenix Maiden had yet to be resurrected, so she had missed out on today's proceedings and also missed out on a lifetime together with him. She remembered how much her silly friend had loved Ye Qingyu, but the heavens had been cruel to her friend.

I wonder if she will be upset when she comes back to life and hears of this?
the Little Princess of the Black Demon Race thought to herself. Then, she shook her head because she knew that her silly friend would choose not to show herself in front of Ye Qingyu again despite her sorrow and would avoid bothering him. She was truly too foolish.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

