Chapter 1165:


Chapter 1180, Abandonment

Such news, from the mouth of a great aristocratic force like the Sky Fox clan, obviously had unparalleled persuasive strength.

“It was the sovereign of my clan who said that the gamble of the Sun clan had failed.”

Another great aristocrat of the Sky Fox clan spread the word in public.

“On the Azure Cloud Platform, this hateful country bumpkin will be killed to put an end to the storm in Royal City and to warn the world.”

The Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence also jumped up joyously and made such a threat at the gathering.

This period of time, the King of Zhenyuan’s residence had been suppressed by Zhang Longcheng to the point of being unable to breathe. Let alone other matters, the fact that King Zhenyuan had to fight a duel with a newly rising General on the Azure Cloud Platform was already enough humiliation. All the forces of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence's Yuan clan were looking forward to King Zhenyuan, Yuan Wenjun, killing Zhang Longcheng on the Azure Cloud Platform to wash away their humiliation.

“It looks like Zhang Longcheng will no doubt die.”

“Haha, he's just a country bumpkin from a little remote place, big-headed and hollow inside. He has no foundation, it is impossible for him to last long.”

“Patiently await the day Zhang Longcheng is killed.”

Similar rumours continue to spread throughout Royal City.

The date of the battle on Azure Cloud Platform was only three days away.

In Royal City, clouds were scudding across, wind rising.

Military division, Commander Nie Tiankong's residence.

Nie Tiankong, with a gloomy face, was lost in thought.

And Linghu Buxiu and other trusted aides of the Nie residence were all gathered in the main hall at this time, their faces cloudy and mixed with uncertainty. Everyone knew that the Commander had always been standing on Zhang Longcheng's side, supporting him, but now the situation was extremely unfavourable to the Commander.

In the past few days, the news that the King of Zhenyuan’s residence and the Sky Fox clan had deliberately let out made the parties, who were originally full of expectation for Zhang Longcheng, given up all hope, because this was an assertion from the sovereign of the Sky Fox clan. It was the judgement of a Martial Emperor. There was no one that dared to doubt him.

The status of the Sky Fox clan was much higher than that of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

After all, although a Martial Emperor had been born from the King of Zhenyuan’s residence before, he was said to have fallen long ago, while the Sky Fox clan had a present age Martial Emperor. The difference was already too great.

Commander Nie Tiankong was in a difficult situation.

Should he continue to stand on Zhang Longcheng’s side or abandon him? This was a matter that urgently needed to be considered. He must make a decision before the end of the battle on Azure Cloud Platform. Otherwise, if he were to wait until the dust has settled before he chooses his side, it would be too late to mend anything.

“Commander, I think there is still time to turn around, why don’t we first express goodwill to the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, side with the Sky Fox clan, and abandon Zhang Longcheng to clearly show our stance.” A counselor stood up and broke the silence.

“No, we are already like fire and water with the King of Zhenyuan’s residence. If we were to acknowledge the mistake now, then the prestige that Commander Nie Tiankong accumulated before will instantly crumble. How can Commander Nie Tiankong deter others in the future?” Linghu Buxiu hurriedly stood up to disagree.

“Humph, Lord Linghu Buxiu, I see you are thinking for your own benefits and not considering Commander Nie Tiankong. Back then it was you who encouraged Commander Nie Tiankong to support Zhang Longcheng. Now that we are in such a situation, you have to take the greatest responsibility for this matter.” Another General scolded Linghu Buxiu with a sneer.

“Don't make slanderous accusations. It was Commander Nie Tiankong who wanted me to support Zhang Longcheng. Are you blaming Commander Nie Tiankong ?” Linghu Buxui snapped. “Besides, it was because of Zhang Longcheng that we could obtain superiority in the struggle with the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, we...”

“Haha, the situation at present is very much different from before. The Sky Fox clan supports King Zhenyuan, if we and Yuan Wenjun were enemies, that will anger the Sky Fox clan. The gains do not make up for the losses.” A middle-aged scholar, who had been sitting calmly on one side, spoke all of a sudden, “The Sun clan is deteriorating, we should not have any scruples. At this time, we must quickly abandon Zhang Longcheng to minimize the losses. I think the rumours are true, it will be difficult for Zhang Longcheng to survive on the Azure Cloud Platform.”

“Yes, why protect someone who is doomed to die. He has lost his value, he is already a useless pawn.”

“That's right, we just have to calculate the benefits. Don't worry about other things too much. Also Commander Nie Tiankong has already done enough for Zhang Longcheng. He can't be buried with Zhang Longcheng because of his madness, right?”

All of the people spoke out their opinions one after another. Almost all felt that they should abandon Ye Qingyu, because this was a business that was doomed to lose money. In the Dark Realm, there was no friendship, everything was about the exchange of benefits.

“Commander Nie Tiankong, please think twice, if you abandon Zhang Longcheng now, all of your pervious efforts will be wasted,” Linghu Buxui hurriedly dissuaded.

He had a pretty good relationship with Ye Qingyu, and at the same time, also developed an understanding of Ye Qingyu during the time they spent together. He felt that Ye Qingyu was not someone who would do uncertain things, and since he volunteered to go to the Azure Cloud Platform, he really may have a chance to defeat King Zhenyuan.

The eyes of the hesitant Nie Tiankong fell upon Linghu Buxui, then suddenly thought of something, he said, “Linghu Buxui, I remember the day when Zhang Longcheng came, it was you who received him for me, is that right?”

Linghu Buxui nodded, “That's correct.”

“You and him have a good personal friendship, isn’t that right?” Nie Tiankong asked again.

Linghu Buxui subconsciously nodded, before he realized something, “Commander Nie Tiankong, I am not protecting him because of personal friendship, but for you, Commander, I...”

Before he could finish his sentence, Nie Tiankong waved his hand and said, “You have been following me for a period of time, I know you well... okay, you have been with me all these days, you must be tired, go back to rest. If there isn’t anything important don’t come to the Commander residence.”

Linghu Buxui's countenance changed suddenly when he heard this, body began to tremble, “Commander Nie Tiankong, you... this...”

“Well, go.” Nie Tiankong waved his hand dismissively, face growing icy cold.

Linghu Buxui seemed to have aged a lot all of a sudden and had lost his spirit. He wanted to say something, but seeing the frosty cold expression on Nie Tiankong’s face, and then the gloating expression of the colleagues around, he eventually did not say a word but turned around and left.

From now on, he will never get the trust of Nie Tiankong. It also meant that Nie Tiankong, after insisting to support Zhang Longcheng for such a long period of time, finally chose to give up and changed his stance.

Stepping out of the Nie residence and turning his head to look back at the main entrance gate, Linghu Buxui let out a long sigh, a great disappointment in his heart.

……

A news spread across the Royal City.

The new noble of the military division, Nie Tiankong, personally visited the Patriarch of the Sky Fox clan.

At first, some people did not believe in this news, because the relationship between the Nie clan and the Sky Fox clan was not too good. However, later it was reported that Nie Tiankong was refused entry by the Sky Fox clan, extremely embarrassed, but did not give up. After three consecutive visits, he was finally allowed to enter through the door. After this, it was said that the old ancestor of the Sky Fox clan received him. As for what they talked about, only the parties involved would know.

Some people speculated that Nie Tiankong wanted to plead for Zhang Longcheng.

After all, as everybody knows, Zhang Longcheng was one of his trusted aides, and it was also him who promoted and brought Zhang Longcheng to Royal City. Nie Tiankong can be said to be Zhang Longcheng’s greatest supporter in Royal City.

But soon, an explosive message spread throughout the Guardian Royal City.

Nie Tiankong had given up on Zhang Longcheng.

This new noble of Royal City, who had brought the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Loncheng to his current status and position, had also in the most critical moment, decided not to support Zhang Longcheng. Not only this, he also condemned Zhang Longchehng for being too cruel, for using the law enforcement as an excuse to kill meritorious aristocrats, and is really insane...

Such a statement truly shocked the entire Royal City.

Then, however, after a careful thought, it was only right.

Zhang Longcheng's defeat was imminent. Even if Nie Tiankong sympathizes with Zhang Longcheng, it was impossible for him to sacrifice the fate of his whole clan and faction. Now it may seem useless for him to declare his position, but there was no doubt that he showed determination to cut the wrist like a brave warrior. At least he could retrieve himself from an inferior position to the greatest extent.

But for Zhang Longcheng...

This was no longer just adding fuel to the fire. If it were anyone else, they would have completely sunk into despair.

“Haha, now I’m beginning to sympathize with this country bumpkin.” The Crown Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence laughed, and let out the words to the outside world that when Ye Qingyu dies on the Azure Cloud Platform, he will make his skull into a urinal.

“I will ask father to just cripple him, and not kill him. I shall make him howl in pain for one hundred years.” The Poison Flower Princess spoke in a vicious tone of voice, evidently hated Ye Qingyu to the bone.

The son and daughter of King Zhenyuan were now extremely active in Royal City. The King of Zhenyuan’s residence, which had suffered a great loss, has now obtained the support of the Sky Fox clan and regained its prestige. The people of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence also became arrogant and domineering like they were in the past.

And the Sun clan, who had always insisted on supporting Ye Qingyu, had become the biggest laughing stock.

“After the battle on Azure Cloud Platform, there will no longer be anywhere that the Sun clan can stand.”

“An imperial clan is coming to an end.”

“That is the price of taking the wrong path, an imperial clan is no exception.”

Many people sighed.

The Sun clan did not have much response to this. Besides the fact that Chief Commander Sun Yi had strictly told the people not to discuss the matter at this time, more importantly, the Sun clan during this period of time was in a state of anxiety.

Time went by.

In a twinkling, three days had passed.

Early tomorrow morning was the day of the decisive battle on Azure Cloud Platform.

The Sun clan's ancestral mansion.

In the depths.

Ye Qingyu got up with a smile on his face.

“The law in the Immortal Domain is indeed different from that of the real world. If I were to become an Emperor in the Immortal Domain, there is a high chance I will drop back down a realm and will be regarded as a pseudo-Emperor. Fortunately I did not become Emperor at that time.” For the past three days and three nights, he had been working with the sovereign of the Sun clan to confirm what he had learnt.

After all, the sovereign of the Sun clan was a present age Martial Emperor.  Although he was at the end of his life span, but his experience can be said to be at the peak. Thus his words had huge reference value to Ye Qingyu.

And at this time, Ye Qingyu was convinced that he had completely figured out all of the profound meanings and secrets of becoming Emperor.

Ye Qingyu did not attach any importance to the so-called Azure Cloud Platform battle. He was confident in winning. What he was now pursuing was to achieve the Dao in the real world and step into the Emperor realm. After these three days of understanding and discussion, just like in the Immortal Domain, he had already vaguely touched that layer of shackle. And once broken, he can become Emperor in one move.

“The Azure Cloud Platform may be the place where I achieve the Dao.”

Ye Qingyu’s eyes twinkled with a confident glimmer——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1166:


Chapter 1181 - Opened

It was said that one’s bones would become buried in azure clouds as soon as one steps on to the Azure Cloud Platform.

How many of those experts who stepped onto the Azure Cloud Platform would eventually survive?

Many a time, even the victors on the Azure Cloud Platform would perish not long after stepping off the platform in glory. This was because their injuries were too serious and could not heal.

Endless battle transpired upon stepping on to the Azure Cloud Platform.

When the disparity in strength was not too large, the battle on the platform would often be a competition of tricks and willpower. In reality, the two parties who would agree to step on to the platform together basically did not differ much in strength, and, before the battle, believed that they could defeat the other party. This was the reason for the saying that “one’s bones would become buried in azure clouds as soon as one steps on to the Azure Cloud Platform”. The process and result of this type of battle were often highly miserable for both parties.

The numbers didn’t lie.

Looking back at the past five thousand years of the Guardian Royal City’s  history, there had been a total of forty-five battles on the platform, of which twenty ended with both parties dying and fifteen ended in a pyrrhic victory, with ten of these victors eventually succumbing to their injuries and the remaining five also suffering great damage to their constitution such that they nearly could not recover. There were only ten battles in which the victors did not pay a heavy price.

Without exception, every one of these forty-five battles engendered drastic changes in the balance of power in the Guardian Royal City and even the entire Dark Realm.

They were known as the Battles of the Azure Cloud Platform.

The battle between Zhang Longcheng and the King of Zhenyuan this time appeared to be somewhat different from previous battles in terms of reason and cause. Moreover, there was a huge disparity in status between them. Regardless of how large a stir Zhang Longcheng had caused in Royal City, he was ultimately just a military judge, and was vastly inferior in rank and status to a king of great heritage and military achievement like the King of Zhenyuan was.

After the Sky Fox clan had made the announcement, the atmosphere over the past few days had taken shape. In everyone’s eyes, the gulf in strength between the two parties was huge.

Without a doubt, nobody could deny that the battle on the platform this time was the iteration when the disparity between the two parties was the greatest.

And also the iteration with the least suspense.

The day finally arrived.

As the sun broke free of its shackles and leapt up from the horizon, wisps of golden light shone upon the land, illuminating the dew beads that coated the leaves and flowers. This was a rare day of spring, and the weather was unprecedentedly fine.

Early in the morning, all of the nobles in the city who were qualified to watch the battle arrived on the plaza of azure clouds.

In the middle of the plaza was a towering, bagua-shaped arena, made from azure bricks which were mottled in texture and covered in knife marks and sword holes. Although the bricks looked nothing out of the ordinary, a Quasi-emperor level expert and above would be able to sense that a terrifying, majestic force was circulating indistinctly within every one of them.

This azure-bricked arena was the Azure Cloud Platform.

In consideration of the possibility that inner conflicts would arise among their descendants, the ancient sages and emperors who built the Guardian Royal City had designed this arena so as to prevent the city from being damaged or destroyed. Every brick and tile was thus enchanted with the force and will of these ancient sages and emperors.

Today was a day when the arena was opened.

Banners and flags fluttered above the plaza, while the military personnel who specialized in managing the arena had started various rituals to worship the ancestors early in the morning. At the same time, all kinds of formations were activated on the plaza and platform to power them up to peak state in advance so as to get ready for the battle.

The entire place was bustling like never before.

There were stone benches and chairs on the plaza for the spectators to rest on. After all, the battle would likely go on for several dozen days. The longest ever duel on the platform went on for a full two years before ending with both parties dying.

There were also battleships patrolling the sky.

Despite the huge disparity in status between Zhang Longcheng and the King of Zhenyuan, and the likely lack of significance of this duel, it was customary for there to be a large ritual that had to be respected and taken seriously at the start of every battle on the platform.

The spectators were all prominent characters.

The nobles from the King of Zhenyuan’s residence formed the largest group.

The Crown Prince of Zhenyuan, Princess Poison Flower, the Second Prince Yuan Wenguo, and others arrived less than fifteen minutes before the start of the duel to an ostentatious guard of honor. Clustered around by countless people as they arrived, their radiant faces, shiny hair, and huge smiles suggested their swagger and extremely high profile. Wherever they passed, the various nobles who had already taken seats would hurriedly stand up and greet these three personages from the King of Zhenyuan’s residence to express their extreme closeness.

“Good day, Crown Prince.”

“Haha, your beauty truly outshines all today, Princess. You’re indeed the most dazzling pearl of Royal City.”

“Your cultivation seems to have deepened, Second Prince. Congrats!”

Compliments were heard wherever the people of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence passed.

Already extremely powerful to begin with, the new-found support of the Sky Fox clan was like wings being added to a tiger, allowing them to reach an all- new level. Even Nie Tiankong, the upstart of the military headquarters, had clearly decided to seek peace with them.

Of the people on the plaza, practically none supported Zhang Longcheng.

“Huh? Is that really him?”

The Crown Prince’s glance froze at the instant that he turned his head back, for he saw three “familiar people”.

It turned out that sitting on some stone chairs at the edge of the plaza was Marquis Tingtao and his daughter, while beside them was Linghu Buxiu, who had long been abandoned by Nie Tiankong. The trio was like the god of plague, such that the stone chairs and benches near them were all left vacant. All of the nobles stayed far away from them.

Everyone knew that they were supporters of Zhang Longcheng.

“Your Highness, what’s wrong?” Marquis Moling, the military Marquis who had all along been close to the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, looked toward the same direction as the Crown Prince. His heart jolted when he saw the trio.

He leaned close and laughed, “It must be these three pitiful dogs. Hoho, Your Highness, Marquis Tingtao has only managed to drag out his existence these days by depending on Zhang Longcheng’s might, while Linghu Buxiu is also friendly with Zhang Longcheng. Like locusts in late autumn, they don’t have long to live. I shall go over now and send them packing.”

Just then, others also took notice of the trio.

How do they still dare to come?

These three pitiful dogs really won’t concede defeat until the very end.

Laughing grimly, the Crown Prince came up with an idea and shook his head, “Heh heh, let’s not get our hands dirty for now. Go invite them to the first row. I want them to sit in front and watch this duel with me.”

He clearly intended to humiliate the trio from a close distance.

“Haha, Your Highness is truly magnanimous,” a small noble complimented opportunistically.

Of course, everyone knew that this was not the case.

The Crown Prince was notorious for seeking revenge for even the smallest grievances, and had never been magnanimous.

Amid a flurry of hearty laughter, the Crown Prince, Princess Poison Flower, and the rest of his group arrived in the VIP zone, where the seats were the best and the most prominent, at the very front of the spectating area.

Soon, escorted by dozens of experts, the trio of Lin Xuan arrived beside the Crown Prince’s party, looking glum. They had apparently been threatened and compelled to come and sit over here. Even after they took their seats, Quasi-emperor-level attendants from the King of Zhenyuan’s residence continued to surround them to prevent them from escaping.

“Hahaha, enjoy the show and see how your source of hope, Zhang Longcheng, gets crushed by my father.” The Crown Prince guffawed, his eyes revealing the delight of revenge.

Both Linghu Buxiu and Marquis Tingtao dared not speak up despite their anger.

The hot-tempered Lin Nanzhu was about to retort, but was hurriedly restrained by Lin Xuan.

Given that they were presently meat on someone else’s chopping block, verbal contentions were completely meaningless.

They had come here today to send Zhang Longcheng off and acknowledge their acquaintance with him. After this battle, Marquis Tingtao’s residence would soon no longer exist, while Linghu Buxiu, who had all along been close to Zhang Longcheng, would find it most difficult to escape retaliation from the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, having already been abandoned by Nie Tiankong.

In reality, the trio had already thrown caution to the wind.

“Who would’ve thought that an old dog like Marquis Tingtao could have such a beautiful daughter. Hoho, cheap slave-girl, if you agree to go to the King of Zhenyuan’s residence and serve as a maid that satisfies the Crown Prince at night, perhaps his heart will soften and he will spare your parents.”

Marquis Moling gazed sinisterly at Lin Nanzhu and verbally humiliated her.

A hint of anger flashed across the latter’s face before she said sneeringly, “The one thing that we of Marquis Tingtao’s residence certainly don’t lack in is backbone. We’ll never beg our enemies for mercy even if our entire clan was to die. You may yourself be shameless enough to seek favor from a titleless child, but you don’t have to use this kind of childish rhetoric to make a fool of yourself. I really wonder how you obtained your title of military marquis.”

“Bitch, you...” Struck on a raw nerve, Marquis Moling became so enraged that he nearly lost it.

“Heh heh, let it go.” The Crown Prince smiled sinisterly.

Gazing lustfully at Lin Nanzhu, he said, “Let’s watch and appreciate this battle till the end before we take care of Zhang Longcheng’s supporters. Heh heh, when the time comes, even the most untamed of women would have to obediently strip naked and be used. It so happens that Royal City recently has a shortage of comfort women for officials.”

Marquis Moling had no choice but to sit down despite still being angry.

He had already vowed inwardly that, after Lin Nanzhu had been deflowered by the Crown Prince and sent to the officials’ comfort women camp, he would go and violate her brutally to vent his anger.

The hullabaloo on this side had attracted many people’s attention

Seeing the miserable state of Marquis Tingtao and his group, some people felt sympathetic yet could only sigh and hide themselves far away. It was only a matter of time before the trio were dealt with. After Zhang Longcheng perished in battle, they would probably suffer an even more tragic end than him.

Just then, a beam of flowing light flickered momentarily in the sky.

Swish!

A figure appeared on the Azure Cloud Platform.

He was dressed in white clothes and burly in stature, while on his not-so-handsome face was a rarely-seen fortitude and toughness. He showed no sign of panic despite knowing the odds he was up against. Unquestionably, this was Zhang Longcheng, the military judge whom everyone was sure would be defeated.

“I, Zhang Longcheng, am here. Why is the King of Zhenyuan still not here? When is he coming?” Ye Qingyu spoke up.

His voice resounded above the plaza.

He was already eager to get this battle started.

“You really can’t wait to die, can you?” A majestic and domineering voice was heard as the King of Zhenyuan appeared on the platform.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1167:


Chapter 1182 – What’s the Point?

As always, King Zhenyuan was overbearingly powerful, albeit he was not clad in armor this time but was instead dressed in a fiery red cloth robe. Appearing most confident, he immediately drew cheers from the VIP zone below as soon as his burly figure appeared on the Azure Cloud Platform.

He was indeed very relaxed.

This was because Zhang Longcheng’s might had never been equal to his, and besides, the monarch of the Sky Fox clan had said that Zhang Longcheng did not gain anything from the cultivation process in the Immortal Domain. On top of that, he was in possession of a great killing weapon, and thus, in his view, the battle was just a formality in which Zhang Longcheng did not even have a fighting chance.

Soon, reminded by the military personnel to one side, King Zhenyuan and Ye Qingyu separately signed a duel agreement which was akin to a life-and-death contract. Upon being signed, it entailed that they would take full responsibility for the consequences no matter what happened on the platform, and that the party which walked off the platform would not be held liable for anything.

The huge platform began to quiver slightly.

As the formations of Emperor qi contained within it were activated, a huge protective shield rose up around the arena, which became shrouded in azure light. Like a fast-moving cloud, the arena itself levitated and gradually soared into the void.

The Azure Cloud Platform was so named not just because it was made of azure bricks and tiles but more so because it truly rose into the azure clouds when there was a duel.

The nobles who were seated on the plaza could use the projections of Emperor qi to watch the entire duel as if they were really on-site without being physically affected by the battle.

Rumble!

The platform shook.

As the surrounding scenery gradually disappeared, clouds could be seen fluttering at the edge of the arena, which reached dozens of kilometers high up in a twinkling.

The time for the duel had officially arrived.

King Zhenyuan leisurely admired the exquisiteness of this location. As it was his first time on the platform, he was rather curious about all of the changes. In particular, he could clearly feel that a boundless imperial qi was circulating in the arena beneath his feet, and he thus attempted to examine its rhythm and unearth the secrets of becoming Emperor.

Having been stuck at the ninth step of the Quasi-emperor realm for too long, and previously depended on military exploits to enter the Immortal Domain to cultivate yet did not gain much out of it, he thus paid particular attention to Emperor weapons and forces. After obtaining the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] from the Sky Fox clan, he examined it carefully, but because there were restrictions placed on it by the Sky Fox clan, he was ultimately unable to derive its technique.

As for Ye Qingyu?

He had long been ignored and disregarded by King Zhenyuan.

In the latter’s eyes, Ye Qingyu was but a panting dead man.

In reality, Ye Qingyu thought the same way about him.

Given Ye Qingyu's present cultivation and strength, he was able to discern King Zhenyuan’s battle strength and trump card with just one glance, and did not pay any attention to the latter. Instead, he observed the Emperor qi-circulating formations in the platform with some interest. Operating the [Eyes of the Void], a purple radiance gradually formed in his eyes. However, he discovered that the azure light in the arena was preventing him from seeing the true secret beneath.

Since even he was unable to see the secret beneath, King Zhenyuan naturally did not yield anything either.

Rumble!

The platform shook.

It arrived among the clouds, where the final designated location of the duel was.

With some disappointment, King Zhenyuan retracted his gaze and cast it upon Ye Qingyu.

“If you have any last words, speak them now.” He appeared bored and impatient. “It’s simply shameful for me to have stepped on to the platform with your kind. Confess your sins while you can and I’ll send you on your way shortly.”

Ye Qingyu smiled nonchalantly without saying a word.

Back then, on top of the east gate of Royal City, the King Zhenyuan’s outburst had caused him to feel threatened. By now, however, the situation had long turned on its head. Unfortunately, the King was not self-aware and still thought that he was in control of everything, while Ye Qingyu could not be bothered to explain things to him.

“It looks like you know you can’t survive. Have you given up already?” King Zhenyuan laughed grimly.

Inwardly, he was terribly angry at Ye Qingyu because the latter had embarrassed his residence and given him no choice but to step on the platform. Even if he could torture and kill the latter today, the fury in his heart would be hard to quell.

“Say what you want.” Ye Qingyu had been restraining his strength and did not expose all of it, but he was slowly beginning to loosen his restraints and adjust his condition. Like a lion which used full force even when fighting against a rabbit, he was not about to get careless on such an occasion.

“Great. How about this, you kneel down and beg me for mercy now, showing remorse for your past actions, and I’ll let you die a little faster.” King Zhenyuan laughed savagely. “Otherwise, I’ll use the dozens of torture methods that I’ve specially prepared for you over the past three months to make you regret ever coming to this world.”

With that, he drew close and set off his powerful cultivation. Dao laws surged in the void, nearly driving the entire void above the platform to smash toward Ye Qingyu.

He was deliberately trying to exert psychological pressure on Ye Qingyu.

The torture which he had been looking forward to had already begun.

Seeing this scene from the plaza below via the Emperor qi projections, many nobles cried out in alarm, for King Zhenyuan’s strength was even more frightening than they had imagined. Conversely, the nobles of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence were excited like never before.

In particular, the Crown Prince guffawed exaggeratedly.

“Hahaha, see that? This is retribution… Heh heh, no matter who it is that offends our residence, they’ll certainly regret ever coming into this world.” He spoke sinisterly while deliberately looking at the people around him with intimidatory eyes.

All he saw looking back at him were adulatory and ingratiating eyes.

He thus continued to guffaw proudly.

As if remembering something, he swept a gloomy and sharp glance at Marquis Tingtao and his group not far off to the side.

How can they be so ignorant?

Lin Xuan no longer had any fear in his heart. He had seen it all before, and felt hopeless, angry, and confused toward everything in Royal City.

Linghu Buxiu was completely unperturbed.

Seeing the projection of Ye Qingyu’s figure, he suddenly became calm inwardly. Since the person who was actually facing the most frightening and cruel King of Zhenyuan and bearing the greatest pressure did not show any change in countenance, what was there for him to be fearful of? The worst thing that could happen was death, and besides, that was not inevitable...

In his heart, he still had a glimmer of hope for Ye Qingyu.

After all, this was someone who had created miracles time after time.

“Trying to muddle things? This method won’t work on me.”

On the platform, Ye Qingyu waved his sleeves lightly.

As a soft burst of qi surged, the boundless phenomenon of Dao laws created by King Zhenyuan disappeared entirely in a twinkling, with the scene resembling that of the sweeping of wind, the flying of snow, and the blazing of fireflies. Before King Zhenyuan could respond, all of the qi he was exerting disappeared uncontrollably.

“It looks like you’re still in a dream of assured victory. Hoho, I advise you to change your frame of mind and use full force, otherwise you won’t survive more than a few strokes.” Although there was no murderous spirit in Ye Qingyu’s smile, nobody would take his words as a joke.

King Zhenyuan’s countenance changed.

He suddenly felt that things were not good.

However, this feeling lasted only for a moment before he sneered, “I must’ve underestimated you. It looks like the head of the Sun clan has indeed paid a price to support you. I’m certain that the wave you just made was based on the power he injected into you. Did you intend to use it to confuse me? Hoho, then you underestimate me...”

The two large existing monarchical banners were each clearly supporting the two opposing parties in this battle. The leader of the Sky Fox clan had even lent an Emperor weapon to King Zhenyuan, while the head of the Sun clan certainly could not just allow Zhang Longcheng to cultivate in the Immortal Domain without providing him with other forms of help, this being a Martial Emperor’s game after all. King Zhenyuan had long expected that the head of the Sun clan would provide Zhang Longcheng with more support. For instance, that earlier burst of power came close to the force of a Martial Emperor and was definitely not Zhang Longcheng’s own strength, and so King Zhenyuan surmised that it was Emperor qi that the head of the Sun clan had injected into Zhang Longcheng.

Although this kind of power appeared frightening, it was actually lacking in foundation and thus could be taken care of most easily just by draining it a few times.

“Let’s see how many strokes you can take.”

King Zhenyuan retracted some of his contempt and struck out continually.

A strange phenomenon appeared in the void of the arena. Four black holes had formed at an unknown time, each of them releasing great devouring power. There was even visible black mist reaching out like demonic tentacles to entwine Ye Qingyu.

When serious, King Zhenyuan was indeed highly terrifying.

Much as the crowd on the plaza could only see phantom projections, they could nevertheless feel the world-destroying might. Gasping, their countenances change dramatically. As if the world was ending, a sense of panic suffused irrepressibly.

“Ha, he’s dead meat,” the Crown Prince shouted wildly and proudly.

However, the next moment, the situation as seen through the projections began to change.

Ye Qingyu simply raised his right arm and spread his five fingers to grab at the void, then clutched lightly as if to burst a void bubble. Opening his mouth, a silver formation immediately flew out from within…

“Spread!”

His voice was thunderous.

With that, the silver formation turned into boundless silver light and diffused. The black mist tentacles, together with the four black holes in the void of the platform, instantly leveled, dissipated, and disappeared.

It was as if none of them had appeared.

“This...”The Crown Prince’s delight froze on his face.

The nobles around him also grew cold inwardly.

On the platform, King Zhenyuan showed only a slight change in expression, but this quickly turned into that of disdain and scorn. “The power of others will eventually be used up. How much power from the head of the Sun clan can your body possibly bear? It can only prolong your life for that little bit more. You’re bound to die at my hands today… Kill!”

Changing strategy, his figure zipped like lightning right up to Ye Qingyu, where he began to perform a melee attack.

Anybody that received external forces, especially those that surpass one’s own realm, would definitely suffer long-term side effects. The most notable disadvantages were that one’s body would become slower and its circulation of power would stagnate, as if one’s body no longer belonged to one’s self. King Zhenyuan wanted to make use of this very fact to crush Ye Qingyu from close range.

The latter revealed a bizarre smile. “What’s the point… You’re just bringing shame on yourself.”

Launching a counterattack, dragon tiger sounds and the warbling of Dao laws could be heard from within his body as he unleashed terrifying power with extremely fast response. Exerting a punch, he smashed the void and sent King Zhenyuan flying.

“How’s this possible?” Roused, King Zhenyuan felt incredulous as he flew through the air. Blood oozed from his palms and fingers while his arms turned numb and his bones nearly broke.

He could not believe that Zhang Longcheng’s physical strength was so terrifying that the latter could defeat him in one stroke.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1168:


Chapter 1183 – Emperor weapon

“I told you to change your frame of mind.” Ye Qingyu gradually retracted his fist. “Don’t always think that what you think is right. You’ll just be wasting your life guessing like that. That little bit of foundation from your Yuan clan alone isn’t enough against me. I shall give you some time now to display the technique given to you by the Sky Fox clan.”

“Preposterous.” Feeling a jolt in his heart, King Zhenyuan sneered while his injuries healed completely. “You yourself are depending completely on what the head of the Sun clan gave you… Hoho, I’d like to see how long you can last with this level of power.”

With that, he opened his palm, causing a wisp of blood radiance and a red flaming spear to appear in his hand at once.

This was his life weapon that had taken countless years to forge and temper. Having gently cultivated it using his own yuan qi and blood qi continually, it could already be considered a fake-emperor-weapon-level treasure. Wreathed by surging blood flames that were as volatile as flames from the kingdom of heaven, a fierce burst of aura began emanate from within.

This was a spear that had accompanied King Zhenyuan for many years and had killed god-knows-how-many experts and heroes. Having been stained by the blood of countless beings, there was visible evil blood qi diffusing from it, as tough as spider silk.

With the spear in hand, King Zhenyuan’s power soared by more than three times.

This was the force of a life weapon.

“Kill!”

Shouting angrily, King Zhenyuan struck the spear out and turned into a flaming divine dragon.

“Indeed, it’s impossible to wake up a person who’s pretending to be asleep.” Ye Qingyu shook his head before advancing in a flash, with silver radiance emanating from all over his body, and silver and purple flowing light interweaving on his left shoulder. Dragon howls and Dao sounds were heard from his back before he exerted a fist.

He was actually intending to use his physical fist to take on the spear of King Zhenyuan.

“What arrogance. Even if the head of the Sun clan has given you Emperor qi, you shouldn’t be so reckless.” Feeling looked down upon, King Zhenyuan became enraged and unleashed the spear furiously. “Die!”

Boom!

The noise of spear and fist colliding was heard.

On the plaza, the Crown Prince tidied up his emotions and revealed a hideous smile at the corner of his lips as he looked around somberly. “He’s dead for sure. Father’s [Spear of Scorching Thunderbolts and Evil Blood] is close to an Emperor’s divine weapon, and cannot be underestimated even by a Martial Emperor. To think that this foolish country bumpkin would be so arrogant...”

However, the expected ingratiating voices of the surrounding nobles were not heard.

Instead, he saw looks of shock appearing in everyone’s eyes.

Turning back to look at the Emperor qi projections in the center of the plaza, he saw that the fist of the arm wreathed in silver and purple had struck the spear and caused it to break off inch by inch. He then looked at the country bumpkin’s figure and saw that the latter instantly broke the defenses of his father before using the fist radiance to strike his father. Amid the frantic diffusion of blood mist, his father was blown apart...

The Crown Prince was dumbstruck.

He simply could not believe his eyes.

He had never imagined that his father, whom he considered to be invincible, could be ruptured alive.

To his side, the Poison Flower Princess, the Second Prince and the others. were unable to sit any longer and abruptly stood up.

Cries of alarm rang out from the crowd.

“Ahhh...” Disregarding her image as a young woman, Lin Nanzhu squealed as if words were no longer able to convey her inner agitation and excitement which she had held back for far too long.

Lin Xuan gaped as well.

Everyone in Royal City knew that King Zhenyuan was practically invincible to anyone who was not a Martial Emperor. Now that he had been easily destroyed like a beanbag by Ye Qingyu and even his life weapon was broken, they wondered if this meant that the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] had already attained the Martial Emperor realm.

Impossible.

To one side, Linghu Buxiu calmed down somewhat. Given that he had some expectation of this result beforehand, he repressed his inner excitement as much as he could, albeit he subconsciously waved his arms with force.

At the same time, he turned his head and looked toward the other side.

Nie Tiankong and a few of his trusted generals and counselors were sitting on that side. When they saw the scene in the Emperor qi projections, they gasped uncontrollably and the expressions on their faces became subtle at once. None of them had imagined that the person whom they had abandoned and believed was certain to die would actually possess such power.

As if detecting Linghu Buxiu’s gaze, Nie Tiankong turned his back and made eye contact with the former.

At the instant when they exchanged glances, Nie Tiankong’s eyes revealed a hint of confusion, but that quickly turned to contempt. It was obvious that he, too, did not believe that Ye Qingyu, who currently held the upper hand, could become the ultimate victor. After all, he had conversed with the monarch of the Sky Fox clan before, and thus knew what kind of trump card King Zhenyuan actually held.

At the same time, he clearly did not want to reveal emotions of error-admission and introspection in front of another pawn whom he had abandoned that was Linghu Buxiu.

After capturing the full range of Nie Tiankong’s expressions, Linghu Buxiu sighed and sat back down slowly.

…

As if alive, the blood mist tumbled and drifted bizarrely.

Eventually, all of the blood mist abruptly gathered together and formed a human figure, the features and expressions on which soon becoming distinct. It was none other than King Zhenyuan, Yuan Wenjun. He had not only fully recovered physically but even the red robes he was wearing showed no sign of tears.

Patter patter!

He walked out from the blood mist with a gloomy and hideous expression on his face, murderous spirit boiling frantically. Flames raged in his eyes as he gazed at Ye Qingyu, brimming with hatred and madness.

“You really deserve to die!”

His anger reached the extreme.

Given his strength and cultivation, to be ruptured physically was nothing too terrible and could be healed with just a thought. However, to come off worse successively while being watched by so many people was unbearably embarrassing. He had thought that he could easily crush and kill his adversary, but instead he was thwarted time after time.

Ye Qingyu was still looking calm, “I’ve already told you to change your frame of mind… This is just the beginning. If you still think that you can control everything easily, my next stroke will bring about your death.”

“You have made me angry.” King Zhenyuan looked mad.

Ye Qingyu replied disdainfully, “You really are full of bullshit. Didn’t I anger you long ago? Take out the Emperor weapon of the Sky Fox clan, and perhaps you can hold on for a while longer. Otherwise, I shall send you on your way.”

With that, Ye Qingyu grabbed at the void with his backhand.

Blood light flickered.

The [Blood Drinker Sword] appeared in his hands.

It was currently as wide as four fingers, slightly thicker than the usual human sabers, with a primitive make and a blade that was as shiny as blood-colored lapis. Circulating like fiendgod blood in Ye Qingyu’s palm, it possessed a kind of hard-to-describe visual magical power.

“As you wish.”

King Zhenyuan snapped, gnashing his teeth.

Amid his angry howl, nine colorful beams of divine splendor soared behind him.

Forming a perfectly round disc of light, they gave off streak after streak of emperor qi mist. An inexplicable pressure began to circulate, seemingly intending to destroy the sky, the mountains, and the rivers.

The [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites].

The Emperor weapon of the Sky Fox clan.

It finally appeared.

It seemed that, after seeing the [Blood Drinker Sword], King Zhenyuan sensed that its power was several notches more frightening than that of his own life weapon and thus finally retracted his contempt. In his view, this was definitely the Emperor weapon given to Ye Qingyu by the head of the Sun clan, and so there was no longer a need for him to hold anything back.

“Hahaha, that’s the way.” Laughing out loud, Ye Qingyu waved the [Blood Drinker Sword] and drew close to begin a melee fight.

The sword radiance resembled blood lightning.

Under the edge of the [Blood Drinker Sword], the void silently split apart.

Sword will became rampant.

King Zhenyuan sneered, “Kill!”

A purple beam of divine splendor shot out from the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] behind him. Locking onto Ye Qingyu’s figure, it unhurriedly rolled its way toward him.

“Good, this is indeed worthy of an Emperor weapon. This beam of divine splendor is equivalent to an Emperor qi attack.” His heart turning cold, Ye Qingyu turned his offense into defense, instantly activating the will of the Life Sword. Blood radiance formed as he held the sword in front of him, sealing the purple beam of divine splendor.

Boom!

Dao sounds thundered as Emperor qi surged.

Like a shooting star, Ye Qingyu’s figure was sent flying, crashing heavily onto the protective shield of Emperor qi on the platform and causing layer upon layer of ripples to flicker on the shield. After opening his mouth and spewing a stream of blood mist, he slowly slid down and landed on the surface.

Cheers rang out on the plaza.

The Crown Prince, Princess Poison Flower, the Second Prince and the others in their group hurriedly wiped the cold sweat off their foreheads and leapt up excitedly. Things were looking good again for them. Although the situation went a little out of control at the start, everything had been put right by this time. Evidently, the last strike had completely crushed Zhang Longcheng, who could not put up any resistance to it and was thus finished off in one blow.

The nobles supporting the King of Zhenyuan’s residence also felt relieved and lost no time cheering so as to put up a show for the residence’s people and to set the atmosphere.

Even Nie Tiankong, who had been sweating bullets, nodded his head inconspicuously and inwardly chided King Zhenyuan for being careless at the start. After all, Zhang Longcheng was backed by the head of the Sun clan and was bound to have many tricks up his sleeve. Fortunately, the situation has been turned around by this time.

Ultimately, everything was within everyone’s expectations.

King Zhenyuan was ultimately able to control everything.

This was something ordained by a Martial Emperor and could not be overturned by Zhang Longcheng.

As he thought about this, Nie Tiankong turned his head to look at Linghu Buxiu and his companions in the distance. Seeing that the previously-cheering Lin Nanzhu had already turned ghastly pale while Linghu Buxiu looked distressed, his heart could not help gaining some more delight.

On the platform, a smile reappeared on King Zhenyuan’s face.

“Do you understand now? This is the true gulf between us.” He gazed at Ye Qingyu as if staring at a prey that had fallen into his trap. “If you have any last words, speak them now. What I said earlier remains valid. If you kneel down and confess your earlier crimes, I’ll make it easier for you.”

“Hoho, hohohoho…” Ye Qingyu laughed instead.

A bright splendor flickered in his eyes as the wounds on his body healed instantly. While walking toward King Zhenyuan from the edge of the platform, he said, “It’s ultimately not your own Emperor weapon. Clearly, the Sky Fox clan doesn’t trust you completely, and that’s why they planted restrictions in the weapon so that the full power of the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] cannot be utilized… That’s very unfortunate, because this isn’t enough to kill me.”

“Humph, stoking the flames…? My next strike will send you on your way.” Changing countenance, King Zhenyuan worked up his technique, causing a red beam of divine splendor to shoot out from the [Samsara Disc of Nine Opposites] and lock on to Ye Qingyu.

This strike was even more terrifying than the earlier purple divine splendor.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

