Chapter 1149:


Chapter 1164 – Civil Means Before Violence

Because Ye Qingyu did not walk fast, the King of Zhenyuan’s residence received news far in advance and was fully prepared for his arrival.

They had decided to prepare for his arrival by shutting the main gate tight.

It was highly obvious that there were some people in the mansion who did not wish to see him at all.

Perhaps, the present Ye Qingyu was a headache even to such a powerful mansion.

Strong, illustriously authoritative, unafraid of death, and crazy… In any case, such a person was like a hedgehog which would prick anyone who messed with it. If they were not feeling absolutely assured, it was probably best to deny him entrance.

Therefore, to the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, the best plan was to wait for the return of their top expert, that being the King of Zhenyuan, before getting started.

And that was why Ye Qingyu was greeted by a tightly shut main gate when he arrived in front of the mansion.

Even the guards who were usually deployed at the entrance had been withdrawn.

There was not a single person in sight.

Seeing this, Ye Qingyu could not help breaking into laughter.

He then went up and knocked on the gate.

Bam bam bam!

Each knock was heavier than the last, ringing out thunderously.

They could be clearly heard within several hundred meters.

Many passersby who did not know what was going on were so startled when they saw this scene that their jaws dropped as they looked on in disbelief. It had been many years since anyone had so aggressively knocked on the main gate of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

…

Inside the mansion.

Hearing the thunderous knocks on the door, the Crown Prince of Zhenyuan’s face turned so gloomy that water nearly dripped from it, his expression becoming even more hideous.

This was a form of humiliation to the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

A great humiliation.

This imposing mansion had actually not dared to open their gate to a visitor – even if standing outside was an ill-intentioned visitor.

The Crown Prince paced back and forth in the main hall.

“Go, send someone to open the door and ask him what exactly he wants.” He finally lost his cool.

His subordinates hurriedly did as he said.

The knocking sounds soon stopped.

A moment later, a guard rapidly came forth.

Kneeling on one knee, he reported, “Your Highness the Crown Prince, the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] says that he’s here to arrest the imperial attendant, Yu Wanlou, and that as long as we hand Yu Wanlou over, he’ll leave at once and won’t disturb the peace in here.”

“What?” The young Crown Prince became shocked and enraged. “Arrest Attendant Yu Wanlou? On what grounds? What right does he have to arrest someone in my mansion?”

Yu Wanlou was one of the attendants in the mansion, and was fairly high in status.

However, this was not a matter of status. Even if he was just a domestic slave, handing him over would be a huge blow to the dignity of the mansion.

“I did ask him about this, but he said that he’s just doing his job and enforcing military law. He claims that Attendant Yu Wanlou was once a member of the army and had violated several important military regulations, and so has to be brought back to be punished. He has given you thirty minutes to hand Attendant Yu Wanlou over, otherwise...”

The guard lowered his head and dared not continue talking.

“Otherwise what?” Still angry, the Crown Prince asked.

The guard hesitated for a moment before saying, “Otherwise, he’ll force his way in and take the man away, and may have to disturb the people in the mansion...”

Crack!

No longer able to restrain his fury, the young Crown Prince smashed a jade thumb ring on to the floor and howled.

“Jesus, who does Zhang Longcheng think he is? How dare a country bumpkin and insignificant Military Judge like him meddle in the affairs of my mansion! I haven’t even settled accounts with him for the matter of Wei Heng and Marquis Bloodbone… Shut the main gate tight and don’t bother about him. If he really barges in recklessly, I shall kill him here today.”

His murderous spirit had been roused.

When have we ever been so insulted?

Does this country bumpkin really think that nobody here can take him on?

The guard hurriedly turned and went to pass orders.

Soon, the thunderous knocking noises rang out again.

And even louder than before.

Subsequently, Zhang Longcheng’s voice could be heard surging throughout the entire mansion like rolling thunder...

“I came here today to arrest Yu Wanlou for treason, intending to use civil means rather than resorting to violence. Please hand him over. I have been very restrained, but if you continue to hide Yu Wanlou, don’t blame me for being discourteous.”

Everyone in the mansion heard this voice.

Many revealed disbelieving, shocked expressions on their faces.

Are we actually being threatened?

It had been a long, long time since they heard such words. In the past, their status in Royal City was such that nobody would dare to cause trouble for even a dog that walked out from the mansion. Who would’ve thought that someone would block their main gate at this time?

“Damn this country bumpkin...”

The Crown Prince stamped his feet, completely enraged.

He knew that this kind of provocation did not amount to much
per se
, but what was truly frightening was that the dignity accumulated by the mansion over countless years was slowly being chipped away by Zhang Longcheng’s continual actions against them.

However, not long later, something happened...

Boom!

A deafening tremor rang out.

It was as if the entire world was shaking.

The Crown Prince was stunned.

Subsequently, a guard panickedly ran in, shouting from afar, “Your Highness, Your Highness… That country bumpkin has actually… smashed the gate and entered murderously.”

“What?”

The young Crown Prince dared not believe his ears.

Smashed the gate and entered?

How dare this country bumpkin smash our gate and enter!

Has he gone mad?

After deciding to shut the gate and refuse a meeting, he had thought about the possible countermeasures by Ye Qingyu, but despite conceiving myriad possibilities, he never expected that the latter would choose the rudest and lowliest way of entering.

This is the gate of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, for crying out loud.

How dare he!

“Kill him, kill him at all costs...”

Feeling immense anger and shame, the young Crown Prince practically lost all sense of reason. As someone for whom things had always been plain-sailing, he had never met with such crazy provocation.

…

Outside the mansion gate.

Countless people who were watching this scene – be it those who knew the inside story and hurried over, or those who happened to pass by – seemed to be petrified.

How dare he!

Many could not refrain from inwardly asking the same question as the Crown Prince.

This is the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, for crying out loud.

At present, the vermilion riveted iron-and-wood main gate, which normally evoked awe and fear at first glance, had already been smashed into pieces. Its frame was left full of iron and wood fragments, resembling a city gate which had been smashed by a siege hammer.

Ye Qingyu had already entered through this smashed gate and was now walking unhurriedly along the path which was wide enough for ten carriages to move abreast. He still had the mood to observe the layout of buildings in the mansion as if he was leisurely looking at flowers.

His manner indicated that he certainly did not have the intention of catching the mansion off guard, but more so that he was waiting for the mansion’s response before he counterattacked.

Even those passersby who were transfixed outside the mansion felt a kind of “arrogance” silently drifting in the void as they watched Ye Qingyu slowly entering the mansion in such an unhurried manner.

“Who is this person?”

A Demon Race elder who had been running a restaurant in the mansion for two hundred years had completely no idea who the approaching figure was or when such a character had appeared in Royal City.

As news spread out, the entire Guardian Royal City was astonished.

In less than ten minutes, screaming voices of murder were heard from the mansion, as if a large army had invaded the place, accompanied by the beating of battle drums. Moreover, layer upon layer of formation beams shot into the sky like giant inverted lapis bowls, shrouding and completely sealing the entire mansion.

“The King of Zhenyuan’s residence has activated its formations.”

“They want to seal the intruder in completely and kill him.”

“The glory of a top-level noble family cannot tolerate being sullied.”

“That intruder is dead meat.”

This was the prediction of many curious onlookers outside the mansion. Nobody knew exactly how many killing formations and traps there were in a top-level noble mansion, but it was certainly no less dangerous than a dragon’s chasm or a tiger’s den.

“Zhang Longcheng has been quiet for a month, but now wants to create a scene and has actually barged into the King of Zhenyuan’s residence… Who exactly is backing him?”

“He can’t be instigated by Nie Tiankong, who wouldn’t dare to do something like that. I wonder, who gave him such nerve?”

“Perhaps our earlier assessment was wrong, and Zhang Longcheng isn’t led by Nie Tiankong?”

“There’s no point discussing these things now. The question is, what should we do?”

“What can we do? Let’s wait and see whether Zhang Longcheng can get out alive first.”

“Hoho, how is that possible? He’s dead meat for sure. The killing formations in the mansion would entrap even a Martial Emperor, let alone a country bumpkin like him.”

These were the dialogues among many personages from the Royal City military headquarters and various noble mansions.

For a time, countless pairs of eyes fell upon the King of Zhenyuan’s residence from varying distances with varying expectations. However, no matter how intense the debate became, nobody took action or actively got involved in this war-like battle.

Time went by.

An hour passed quickly.

Anxiety grew in Royal City.

Gradually, some people began to lose their cool.

A few figures in gorgeous clothing began to appear outside the mansion, to be closely followed by the arrival of troops who chased away the onlooking civilians. In little time, the entire mansion was densely surrounded by troops, and all onlookers were chased away.

These troops were clearly not from just one faction.

At the forefront of every contingent stood an army chief in divine armor. Among them were Commander Nie Tiankong and Linghu Buxiu, leading nearly two thousand of their most trusted elites.

The atmosphere was bizarre like no other.

Nobody said a word.

Everyone was looking at the main gate which had been closed back up and waiting quietly. The deathly silent atmosphere caused everyone’s heart to feel as though it was weighed down by a heavy rock.

Suddenly…

A strange change occurred.

Swish!

A dazzling sword light shot into the sky.

All of the formations and prohibitive light shields in the mansion were broken.

“Hahaha, it turns out that the King of Zhenyuan’s residence doesn’t deserve its nickname as a dragon’s chasm and tiger’s den, and is nothing special. I shall bring Yu Wanlou away, and will be back soon to prosecute the mansion for harboring a treasonous criminal!”

Like a divine dragon of the Ninth Heaven, a figure soared into the sky, carrying along another figure as if carrying a small chicken.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1150:


Chapter 1165 - Why Not Go One Step Further?

“It’s that lunatic,” someone cried out in alarm.

At the same time, all eyes converged upon this figure.

Everyone recognized the figure that flew out from the mansion to be Zhang Longcheng, the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords]. His body was completely smeared in blood and circulated a near-material blood-colored evil qi all around, bringing to mind the killing god of the netherworld.

At this instant, it seemed that a boundless burst of evil qi was assailing upon everyone. Every one of their banners, battle garments, and hair strands fluttered backward, as if being compelled to retreat by some kind of ripping force.

The enormous pressure caused a few weaker soldiers to feel suffocated.

A silent unrest pervaded the air.

A faint smile formed on Nie Tiankong’s face, albeit he did not say anything at once.

Linghu Buxiu was shocked to the extreme.

He did not actually believe that Ye Qingyu could safely escape from the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, and kill his way out so quickly to boot. Just by looking at his blood-stained body, one could tell how terrible the battle in the residence must have been.

“Let me go, let me go...”

Yu Wanlou was struggling frantically.

He felt himself to be a little wronged.

He could not understand why the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] would target him so suddenly. He had never interacted, let alone met face to face, with this lunatic, and was thus perplexed that the latter was willing to antagonize the entire King of Zhenyuan’s residence just to capture him.

How can there be such a lunatic in this world?

How the heck have I offended you?

These two questions would become the biggest philosophical questions of Yu Wanlou’s life from this day onward.

Of course, the premise was whether Yu Wanlou still had a future.

Standing at the broken main gate of the royal residence, Ye Qingyu looked at the dense and dark mass of soldiers and horses from various large factions outside, completely unsurprised, for he had long anticipated all of this.

He even opened his mouth to reveal his white teeth behind his bloodied lips, giving off a heart-chilling luster.

“It’s just as well that so many people are here.”

He nodded his head satisfiedly.

Swish swish swish!

Dozens of figures instantly raced out from the residence.

They were led by the exasperated Crown Prince of Zhenyuan, followed by the King’s younger brother, the mansion’s second duke, and various aces and attendants. Every one of them was covered in blood, and most had wounds on their bodies. As soon as they came out, they noisily surrounded Ye Qingyu at the entrance…

“Don’t run, you country bumpkin… You’re not going anywhere today… I want you dead, and so you will die!” The Crown Prince’s face and eyes were red as he howled thunderously, seemingly gone mad.

Some of the other aces and attendants were also red-eyed.

It was a form of humiliation to them to have allowed Ye Qingyu to walk out alive from the mansion having captured Yu Wanlou. There was now only one chance for redemption, and that was to kill him in front of everyone, using his blood to wash away the humiliation.

If they failed to do so, every one of them would be eternally nailed to the pillar of disgrace henceforth.

“Listen up, everyone. The King of Zhenyuan’s residence will fight to the death against this country bumpkin who has become our eternal enemy. None of you shall intervene, otherwise you’ll also become our enemy,” dressed in a long golden robe, the residence’s second duke spoke.

He was the Quasi-emperor who had surprise attacked and attempted to wipe out Ye Qingyu and the entire mansion of the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] on that night, only to escape injured. Having been injured again during the battle on this day, his breath was wavering and his voice sounded like the friction of blades.

Turning his body, he showed a gloomy face and cupped his hands toward the personages of the various forces outside the residence before uttering those tough words.

His words more or less made things definite.

He was clearly saying them to those who might want to help Ye Qingyu.

Anyone who sought to profit from this situation would have to think carefully about who they sided with.

Those people who originally had something to say shut their mouths as soon as they saw this scene.

On the contrary, Ye Qingyu, who was surrounded in the middle, displayed a sneering face.

Paying no attention to the people from the mansion, he stamped one foot on the struggling and howling Yu Wanlou and said, “Do you admit your guilt?”

“What guilt?” Yu Wanlou yelled, his face reddened with rage.

Having been stamped on, he lost all face.

“Trafficking the Dark Ones, conspiring against your own associates, and selling military information...” Ye Qingyu cited dozens of charges in detail, making the time and venue perfectly clear. He then shouted, “Do you dare claim that you didn’t do these things?”

Yu Wanlou laughed grimly, “I’d thought you’d have more than these trifles to fuss about. You wanted to arrest me just based on these?”

Ye Qingyu also laughed grimly, “You think that these are trifles? Are the laws of the camp mere trifles to you?”

“Idiot, you’re making a mountain out of a molehill… You won’t even get to regret what you did today. You dare to arrest me just based on these trifles? Let me go right now.”

In Yu Wanlou’s perception– as well as that of many other Royal City nobles who were present – the charges listed out by Ye Qingyu did not amount to much. This was because these were matters that everyone had closed one eye to for several hundred years. Although, strictly speaking, they were indeed in violation of the camp’s laws, in reality, many nobles did these things. Everyone knew the hidden rules beneath the surface and did not take the laws seriously.

“Good, very good. Hoho, this shows how arrogant you are in your daily life. You’ve violated so many of the camp’s laws, each of which is a capital offense, yet you treat it as nothing. That’s good, very good...” Ye Qingyu did not waste too much breath arguing. “As long as you have admitted...”

With that, he swept a bright glance across the surroundings and declared loudly, “Yu Wanlou has personally admitted to violating the camp’s laws. According to the rules established by the wise men of the Royal City, these crimes shall be punished by death. Today, as the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords], I shall kill Yu Wanlou in front of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence to uphold military law.”

It was only at this time that Yu Wanlou sensed that things were not right.

He intends not only to arrest me, but also to kill me.

“Don’t go too far, you...” he shouted.

Before he finished speaking.

Ye Qingyu lowered his head to Yu Wanlou’s ear and said something softly.

The latter revealed an odd expression on his face, but before he could say anything, a sword light flashed and his head rolled on to the ground. This near-Quasi-emperor-level expert died on the spot, his Dao dissipating.

Fresh blood colored the main gate in red.

This...

Seeing this scene, the hearts of many surrounding personages jolted.

This is yet another slap to the face. To kill a senior attendant of the mansion in front of the Crown Prince of Zhenyuan and so many people is clearly an insult to the royal residence.

However, Yu Wanlou is also an idiot.

Hidden rules naturally cannot be openly revealed. There are many things you can do which won’t be a problem as long as nobody pursues, but that doesn’t mean that you can admit to them so boldly. When exposed and pursued, these things will spell one’s death. Alas, he has died in vain. After all, from a legal standpoint, there’s nothing wrong with what Zhang Longcheng did.

Of course, it was only from a legal standpoint.

The power of the law depended on its actual enforcement.

When nobody takes the law seriously, it becomes a joke unless someone enforces it using great strength and in a nearly crazy and reckless way like the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] did today. The law would then become inviolable and divine once again.

The [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] is a madman.

This was the assessment inwardly made by countless people.

Plop!

With one leg, Ye Qingyu kicked Yu Wanlou’s corpse to one side.

There was actually only one reason why he caused such a fuss – Yu Wanlou was also one of the murderers who ambushed Ren Puyang at Luoshen Ridge.

As he was one of the people newly unearthed from the memory transmitted by [The Beginning], Ye Qingyu certainly could not allow him to continue living in this world. Ye Qingyu had clearly explained his rationale for killing Yu Wanlou in the words he last spoke. Therefore, although Yu Wanlou died in disbelieving shock, he was not left confused.

Of course, nobody else knew about this.

Ye Qingyu flicked off the blood on his finger.

A burst of power and aura surged, causing the blood on his body to fly off and allowing him to feel somewhat refreshed.

Looking at the Crown Prince of Zhenyuan and his subordinates, he said brusquely, “Yu Wanlou has been executed as his rightful punishment. It’s great enough a crime for your residence to harbor a serious criminal, yet you still dare to go on about killing me. Hoho, that’s great. It looks like the laws of the Guardian camp is nothing compared to the dignity of your residence. That’s truly remarkable. It’s no wonder that nobody dares to provoke the King of Zhenyuan. You have placed yourself above the laws of the camp, after all...”

“You… you’re slandering us,” the Crown Prince snapped. “Today, you...”

Before he could finish his sentence, the second duke beside him hurriedly held him back, then took a step forward and glared at Ye Qingyu. Being not as foolish as Yu Wanlou, he was able to preserve a sense of reason despite his immense anger, and he thus did not get caught up in the matter of Yu Wanlou any longer. “Your barging into the royal residence is also a serious crime which cannot be redeemed even if you died ten thousand  times. Since you want to uphold the law, you should take your own life as penance first.”

Ye Qingyu guffawed and said disdainfully, “Are you an idiot? I’ve already said that I intended to use peaceful means before resorting to violence. After I knocked on the gate for such a long time, you not only did not open up, but also put up a violent resistance. On account of the King of Zhenyuan’s great merits and laborious exertions, I’ve decided not to pursue your crime of harboring Yu Wanlou, yet you still dare to raise the matter of my barging into the royal residence?”

“You...” This time, the second duke nearly exploded from anger.

Dammit, it’s indeed tough to argue with a lunatic.

“Go! Kill him.” Unable to bear it any longer, the Crown Prince waved his hands. Countless aces instantly charged out from the residence and frenziedly struck at Ye Qingyu. All of them were sacrificial warriors who were not afraid of death and held nothing back. They comprised of a considerable number of near-Quasi-emperor-level experts and three Quasi-emperors.

A tremendous force surged from Ye Qingyu’s body.

“Don’t force me to wipe out the King of Zhenyuan’s residence today.” He laughed grimly. “If even the combination of formations in the residence cannot trap me, what could you possibly have now? I won’t mind having the chance to wipe out this criminal-harboring residence.”

In truth, he was already itching to get started.

Although his initial plan was simply to take the opportunity to cause a few problems for the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, the development of the situation aroused his heart such that he increasingly wanted to go one step further.

If I have the justification and chance to cripple the King of Zhenyuan’s residence today, perhaps I can put the king in a desperate situation and cause him to stop campaigning against the Fire Province any further, and to return immediately instead. The crisis in the Fire Province can thereby be relieved somewhat.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1151:


Chapter 1166, My hidden card, you most likely don't know yet!

It instantly turned into an extremely critical situation.

“Stop!”

A voice that carried great majesty sounded.

Then, a team of approximately hundreds of green-armoured soldiers separated into two sides, as a burly, lion-nosed, wide-mouthed, bearded old man slowly came out, projecting a natural dignity and power. His bright eyes swept across the crowd, “Today, it ends here.”

This sentence was very simple, but at the same time carried a lot of weight.

The reason was very simple.

The person who spoke was of great importance.

The commander in chief of the military Sun Yi.

The present leader of the Sun clan who possessed a Martial Emperor.

The second Prince of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence had an abrupt change of expression, “Commander Sun Yi, what do you mean by this, do you want to stand up for this lunatic? My King of Zhenyuan’s residence does not have any grudges with your Sun clan’s commander household. Why does Commander want to break into my royal residence?”

What he said previously was to force the crowd to be unable to stand up for Ye Qingyu, but the result was that Sun Yi still came forward to speak up for Ye Qingyu. This was no different to breaking off relations with them.

Commander Sun Yi gave a slight smile, saying slowly and indifferently, “Second Prince, no need to say it like that, I am not standing up for anyone, but only easing the conflict. The matters today all started because of the crimes of Yu Wanlou. Since he has already been executed, why not turn the big problem into a small one, and the small problem into nothing. Why must you make the situation irremediable?”

“The majesty of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence must not be violated.” The Crown Prince's bloodshot eyes glowed with rage like a beast that had lost its reasoning.

At this moment, another voice sounded——

“Can the laws of that camp be disrespected at will?”

Nie Tiankong, sitting astride a single horned-dragon beast with confidence and ease, slowly emerged from the crowd. This noble of the Royal City wore a calm expression like the starry sky of a lonely night. Only his slightly angled, sword-like brows exuded a hint of unquestionable majesty, expressing his power.

The expression on the King of Zhenyuan’s residence's Second Prince's face changed once again, as he fumed, “Commander Nie Tiankong, what do you mean?”

Nie Tiankong calmly explained, “Just stating the facts. Yu Wanlou, a scum like him actually lurks in the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, even Your Highness Crown Prince has to bear the blame. Military Judge Zhang Longcheng has tried to use peaceful measures before using force and has followed the law. If both sides take a step back, this matter can be dropped.”

“Absolutely impossible.” Enraged, the Crown Prince directly refused.

Nie Tiankong nodded. “Military Judge Zhang Longcheng is a person I introduced into the Royal City, so I will not stand by and do nothing.”

This sentence was spoken loud and clear.

All of the people around had a change of expression upon hearing this.

Even the decision makers of the major factional forces that have been watching all this time revealed a pensive look on their faces. Nie Tiankong was definitely not a hot-headed idiot. In the Royal City, it was always about fists and interests, and nobody would pay attention to loyalty and righteousness. Since he had protected [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng to this extent, then the reason was definitely not as he had said, because he referred and brought Zhang Longcheng to the Royal City. There must be a reason unknown to anyone that would make Nie Tiankong protect him even at the expense of angering the King of Zhenyuan’s residence.

“Humph, Nie Tiankong, don't go too far. Haha, you have only occupied that seat for a few days yet are already so arrogant? Compared with my King of Zhenyuan’s residence, you are still much inferior. Even if you operate for another ten thousand years, your Nie clan is still not qualified to arm wrestle with my Yuan clan.” The infuriated Crown Prince roared.

These days, Nie Tiankong and his forces had been repeatedly targeting the King of Zhenyuan’s residence. The two sides were already in deep conflict, but on the surface pretended to be polite. However, what the Crown Prince had said was equal to breaking off relations with the Nie clan.

Nie Tiankong’s face indeed flashed with a hint of fury.

“Well, we'll see.”

Given his status and seniority, he naturally should not quarrel with a little Crown Prince. But the King of Zhenyuan’s residence’s Crown Prince had addressed him by his name without using an honorific title and insulted him in front of so many people, even the Bodhisattva would be enraged.

“Thank you Commander Nie Tiankong.”

Ye Qingyu did not forget to thank Nie Tiankong.

Such a scene was one that he was happy to see.

The great aristocrats and factions of Royal City, after a long period of growth and expansion, had now maintained a delicate balance. If this balance were broken, it was believed that the entire Guardian camp would be overturned, which for Ye Qingyu was a good thing.

Nie Tiankong nodded slightly to Ye Qingyu, revealing a smile.

Tonight, he only showed up after Commander Sun Yi spoke, but fortunately he firmly declared his stance and redeemed himself. In Nie Tiankong’s mind, Ye Qingyu should be extremely grateful to him.

“Thank you Commander Sun Yi.” Ye Qingyu then bowed his thanks to the lion-nosed wide-mouthed Commander Sun Yi.

The old man nodded with a smile and did not speak.

But in that look and expression, there was no shortage of appreciation towards Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu, having thanked the two commanders, then turned around, looked at the Crown Prince and the Second Prince, and said with a smile, “I won't waste time talking nonsense with you. Think clearly, if you continue to pester me then don't blame me for not giving face to King Zhenyuan, and make him see his child die before himself. Haha, I have already clearly touched the foundation of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, But I, Zhang Longcheng's hidden card, you most likely still do not know... If you don’t know what’s good for you, then I am forced to defend myself.”

“You...” The crown prince spurted a mouthful of blood from rage.

He almost blurted out that he was going to fight to the last gasp, but at the last moment, when he saw that fearless smile on Ye Qingyu’s face, for some reason, his heart suddenly thudded with fear.

He did it on purpose. He wants to infuriate me?

This thought instantly flashed across the mind of the Crown Prince and the Second Prince.

Could it be that what happened today was just a great plot to target the King of Zhenyuan’s residence? The many military powers and aristocratic factions here were perhaps not to assist the King of Zhenyuan’s residence, but to...

With this thought, both were trembling all over.

If that was the case, it really was bad.

When they looked at the countless forces around the royal residence, they suddenly struggled to contain the feat in their heart. They no longer felt that these men were their protectors as they did before, but there was a feeling of terror and suffocation like they had been encircled.

For a moment, the two both felt that they were unable to back down or quit.

“Well, all right, everything today is a misunderstanding. You are colleagues, why make a fuss over such a trivial matter.”

Another important authority came out to speak.

It was the War King of Wrath.

Another King of the Guardian camp. Although not as well known as King Zhenyuan, was still an absolute supreme existence.

This was a King.

“That’s right, since Yu Wanlou has been punished, let's forget and stop this.” Another important figure showed up.

Then, there were repeatedly nobles stepping forward to speak out.

“Haha, that being the case, then the matter today should be left at this. However, our newly appointed [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] really has great magisterial awe. He does not even attach importance to the royal residence. We have to be careful in the future. If one day Military Judge Zhang Longcheng breaks into your mansion, it will most likely also be smashed to pieces.”

“Haha, I'd love to know how King Zhenyuan would react when he comes back.”

“Some people are too young, and can't last long.”

“Humph, let's see how long he can stay arrogant for.”

“Retreat!”

All of the men and horses gradually scattered away.

Since the great aristocratic forces had set the tone, that Crown Prince, the Second Prince and other people could only silently endure all manner of insults and abuse. Although from now on, the King of Zhenyuan’s residence will become a joke in the city, the extent of sensation it will cause once the news spreads can easily be imagined. The matter was going to be the talk of the town for a long period of time.

Nie Tiankong and the others also departed.

Commander Sun Yi turned away, laughing heartily, and nodded to Ye Qingyu before leaving.

Ye Qingyu breathed a sigh of disappointment.

Unfortunately, it was impossible to make a bigger deal out of what it was now.

With a faint smile he looked at the Crown Prince and the others, and then with a flash, turned into a stream of light and left.

In front of the residence gate only the people of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence remained.

“I hate it.”

The Crown Prince roared, everything darkening before him, spraying out mouthfuls of blood, and swaying side to side.

“Your Highness!”

“Your Highness, are you all right?”

The surrounding guards darted over to support him right away.

The Second Prince on the other side breathed a long sigh, gnashed his teeth with hatred but there was also a deep sense of powerlessness.

“If I do not get revenge for this, I swear not to live anymore.” He pointed to the sky.

The Crown Prince gradually improved under the support of the bodyguards. He fumed “Second uncle, this matter must not be forgotten. If this Zhang Longcheng is not killed, the prestige of my King of Zhenyuan’s residence cannot be restored... We must kill him. I will write to father and inform him of what happened tonight. When father returns, he will be slaughtered like a chicken.”

The Second Prince, after a thought, added, “Well, now that things have developed to this stage, brother must be informed.”

Things had already gone beyond the reach of what they can handle.

At the thought of King Zhenyuan, who had gone to subjugate the Fire Province, their hearts were filled with confidence again.

In truth, there were still many killing formations in the King of Zhenyuan’s residence that they did not display, because these formations required King Zhenyuan to personally control them. Thus, Zhang Longcheng was able to come out alive tonight. In the view of the Crown Prince and the Second Prince, if King Zhenyuan was present tonight, even without even triggering these formations, King Zhenyuan, whose strength was infinitely close to that of a true Martial Emperor, could kill this madman with a single thought.

When King Zhenyuan returns, it will be the death day of this madman——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1152:


Chapter 1167, Withdrawal of troops

Fire Province.

Among the provinces in the Dark Realm, the Fire Province was not considered a huge state, but in recent times the Fire Province had definitely become the most striking province in the Dark Realm.

Because the Fire Province was in rebellion.

The matter started in silence, and before everyone had realized and reacted, like the sparks of a prairie fire, it had swept through the entire Fire Province. Now the Fire Province had completely split from the order of the Guardian camp.

The splitting up from the Guardian camp was also something that had happened before, but it was definitely not as quick and earth shaking as this time.

Now, the entire Fire Province was surrounded by the prestigious Zhenyuan army of the Guardian camp.

King Zhenyuan had personally gone into battle, sealed the entire Fire Province, and only allowed entry but not exit. Any living being attempting to leave the Fire Province, regardless of race, status, and whether they were aristocratic or dark citizen, was killed on the spot.

This policy of killing anybody had caused some controversy.

Because it was very easy to force the experts of the aristocratic forces and major races in the Fire Province that were originally uncertain and hesitating over what move to make towards the side of bandit Xiaofei. It would instead make the major forces of the Fire Province more united and even more difficult to eliminate bandit Xiaofei.

But all oif the arguments and objections were suppressed by King Zhenyuan.

The resoluteness and ruthlessness of this King was felt not only by the army, but also by the aristocrats from the several provinces that were called to fight in the Fire Province.

It was just that the reality had indeed developed as everyone feared.

After the initial panic, the Fire Province had indeed, in the shortest possible time, united like an iron place. The chief bandit Xiaofei's method was indeed exceptional to knead together the entire Fire Province in the shortest possible time and initially formed a terrifying force.

After four great victories since its arrival, the Zhenyuan army had been in a seesaw battle for more than twenty days. Although there had been occasional victories, overall the pace of progress was incredibly slow.

And as the commander in chief, King Zhenyuan's series of military orders could not be understood by many people. He did not adopt the usual overwhelming rapid offensive like the weight of Mount Taishan crushing down, but instead a slow offensive, gradually grinding all the beings in the Fire Province. There was basically a massacre everywhere.

The nobles in the dozens of central cities on the edge of the Fire Province, after the arrival of the Zhenyuan army, immediately opened up their city and surrendered, and insisted that they had been fighting against bandit Xiaofei and were loyal to the camp all along. However, the Zhenyuan army completely massacred everyone in the city, from the nobles to the dark citizens.

This cruel means made many of the people of the Zhenyuan army tremble with fear.

Now, the Zhenyuan army had occupied less than one-tenth of the territory of the Fire Province, and the speed of the restoration was extremely slow.

In the morning, there were some bad rumours in the army that caused King Zhenyuan to explode with rage, and personally went onto the battlefield to kill a group of hundreds of people. The entire army dared not to speak again.

In the central tent.

King Zhenyuan, sitting at the dragon bone table, a scroll in one hand, was evidently uneasy and restless. He did not look at the scroll once, but was pondering over something. There was no focus point in his pupils.

His subordinates and bodyguards had been ordered to stand guard outside the great tent long ago.

In truth, at this moment King Zhenyuan was regretting his decision.

At the beginning, when all the major forces in the Royal City heard that there was a rebellion in the Fire Province they all wanted to obtain the right to lead an army into battle, because according to historical experience, it was very simple to put down a rebellion. It did not require much time to crush the rebel army and with little effort it was possible to turn the rebellious Fire Province into a territory of power of his own.

King Zhenyuan had also paid a price. It was only after the exchange and compromise with the major factions of Royal City that he was able to obtain the opportunity to put down the rebellion.

In his plan, the pacification of the Fire Province was as easy as blowing off dust, and after that, the entire Fire Province would become a great complement to the power of the King of Zhenyuan’s residence. It would play a huge role in the process of integrating the forces under his control.

But now, he really regretted this decision.

The situation that happened in the Expansion Way of the Universe now was a bit too tricky.

The reason he adopted the method of massacre was so that the matter that happened in the Expansion Way of the Universe did not spread out of the Fire Province. But as long as the Zhenyuan army forced entry into the Fire Province, it would inevitably come into contact with the beings of the Fire Province, and the military generals will, sooner or later, hear this secret and must be killed, which meant that the number of soldiers killed in battle would not be as great as the soldiers who had to be beheaded.

This would be a great loss.

And what made it even trickier for King Zhenyuan was that, in the process of the battle, he vaguely became aware that the bandits that had occupied the Fire Province were not as weak as many aristocrats in Royal City had thought. Especially the bandit Xiaofei. Whether it was in personal strength or intelligence, both were very terrifying. It was evident that he had noticed the predicament of the Zhenyuan army, so he was simply avoiding battle, in order to specifically use King Zhenyuan’s slaughter knife to kill the aristocrats of the camp that did not really turn to the bandit army.

Such a means was very terrifying. Even King Zhenyuan had no choice but to hold his nose and go according to his opponent’s calculations.

Now, it seemed that the bandits in the Fire Province were losing territory little by little, and the Zhenyuan army had completely occupied the upper hand, but King Zhenyuan knew very clearly that this was just a deliberate display of weakness from the enemy. Even if half of the Fire Province was taken, that group of bandits would not suffer any serious injury. However, for the Zhenyuan army, the consumption at that time would be incredibly great and the secret would spread like a plague, wounding the Zhenyuan army. On the other hand the bandits were immune to such a plague.

If he were able to predict this, King Zhenyuan would have never fought for the spot for the trip.

Now he was unable to back down or quit.

The Zhenyuan army was the core force that the Yuan clan had worked incredibly hard to cultivate for generations. The slightest damage to the army was as painful as a stab to his heart, and if the core strength suffered a disastrous loss, the glory of the Yuan clan would also scatter with the wind.

If he could, he wanted to withdraw the troops.

But the withdrawal of troops would bring even greater trouble.

King Zhenyuan dropped the book in his hand onto the table, slowly got up, and came to the center of the tent where the sand table was. The vast millions of kilometers of territory of the Fire Province was miniaturized on the sand table, vivid and lifelike.

At this time, there was the sound of footsteps outside.

King Zhenyuan frowned slightly.

“Commander, His Highness Crown Prince sent an urgent message over from the Royal City,” the guard reported, trembling with fear.

King Zhenyuan hesitated and said, “Bring it in.”

The door of the great tent opened, and the guard came in with an old man in a grey robe.

“Huh? Uncle Fu, why did you come in person?” King Zhenyuan asked in a friendly tone of voice, looking surprised to see the grey-robed elder.

He was an old servant who had followed the Yuan clan for more than hundreds of years, and was once also a martial arts genius in the Dark Realm. He was subdued by the former King Zhenyuan and had been serving him since then. Usually he was extremely low profile, and even the outside world did not know that Uncle Fu was in fact a Quasi-emperor realm expert.

“King Zhenyuan, something happened in the mansion and His Highness the Crown Prince and the second Prince could not come to a decision, so they sent old servant, I, over to report to you.” Uncle Fu spoke concisely as he handed over a strengthened jade scroll.

“What kind of matter would make Uncle Fu come in person?” Zhenyuan said, received the jade scroll, but before he took a look his eyes suddenly flashed a hint of shock, “You're injured?”

Uncle Fu nodded, “some minor injuries, no need to worry.”

“Who is able to wound you?” King Zhenyuan was even more surprised. Uncle Fu was a Quasi-emperor and possessed unfathomable strength. His injuries made him immediately realize that perhaps the mater that had happened in Royal City was absolutely not simple.

“You will understand when you look at the jade scroll,” Uncle Fu stated.

King Zhenyuan nodded, unsealing the scroll with the Yuan clan’s special technique.

A moment later.

“This is too far.”

King Zhenyuan fumed.

The jade scroll in his hand had turned into fine powder.

He exploded with rage.

“A little [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] who has no foundation like a duckweed dares to see my King of Zhenyuan’s residence as nothing. He must have some old fool supporting him. Haha, is it the Sun clan or the Nie clan. Good, very good, I will not leave this matter at this” King Zhenyuan's face darkened, and the gloom that had accumulated over these few days was revealed like a volcanic eruption. “Uncle Fu, your injury, is left by that [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] Zhang Longcheng?”

Uncle Fu nodded, “This person's power is unfathomable, and very terrifying. In the battle in the residence that day, there was a total of four Quasi-emperor esteemed masters, Second Prince and I, as well as the formations in the residence, but we still failed to keep him there. If we let him live in the world, he will certainly be a great trouble to the residence.”

King Zhenyuan nodded, “Correct, according to the description in the scroll, he is indeed very terrifying. Haha, but, I will make him understand that even a real Martial Emperor cannot completely go against the heavens...”

At this moment, he had finally made a decision.

“Come, pass on the order that the army will retreat and return to Royal City at once,” he said loud and clear.

“Ah?” The guards were all completely taken aback.

Retreat?

Return to Royal City?

“Why are you still standing there?” King Zhengyuan raised his brows.

It was then that the guards snapped out of the shock and responded, “Yes.”

Uncle Fu stood aside and did not speak again.

He had never been involved in the decision of King Zhenyuan, and instead executed every command firmly, which was one of the biggest reasons why he was able to obtain the absolute trust of the former and present King Zhenyuan.

The gloom on the face of King Zhenyuan was instantly swept away.

He wanted to find a chance to withdraw, and that reason had finally come by itself.

Haha, his royal residence was almost destroyed, but the aristocrats of Royal City had let that madman leave. This insult must be washed away. Nobody could say anything if he took the opportunity to retreat.

As for the Fire Province?

This mess, let it rot completely. Who cares?

On the same day, the Zhenyuan army, at the speed of lightning, withdrew from the Fire Province and returned to the capital.

The news broke out, shaking the world——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

