Chapter 1337:


Chapter 1350 - The Final Battle · Space Battle

"How did you manage to get this far?"

This voice that hadn't been heard for thousands of centuries suddenly boomed loudly over the entire world. It was still as cold and icy as ever, and completely devoid of feeling.

A frightening projection slowly appeared in the distance.

It was a figure in black.

An indescribable energy started to spread out the moment he appeared and the entire world seemed awash in monochromatic colors as all the other colors faded away. The vitality and light that filled the world had been completely swallowed by this mysterious and quiet black and white color. Every single soldier along the Great Wall was overcome with despair, as though they had lost all light and hope.

It was the Abandoned Fiendgod.

The king of the sovereigns that had once almost ruined the entire world after destroying the Divine Light Court had appeared in an instant.

To make things worse, his projection was a lot clearer than the previous time.

Evidently, as the Vast Thousand Star Domains evolved and developed, this resulted in the power of laws becoming stronger. The entire world was now able to contain more power from the alternate timeline. This time, there wasn't a need to open the portal with blood, the Abandoned Fiendgod's projection could descend upon this world through a crack in time and space in the chaotic zone.

Despite being an expert from the empire's military, Lingyun suddenly felt as though all his energy had been sapped from him.

As a current Emperor, he was one of the few who had managed to reach the summit of the formation martial world but he felt completely helpless in front of this black and white projection, and this was even before this projection had even spared one glance at him. He guessed that he wouldn't be able to withstand even one blow if that faint black figure were to actually attack him.

How was anyone going to be able to resist such a powerful enemy?

Lingyun was both horrified and full of despair.

The fiendgod from an alternate timeline who had appeared moments before had already made him feel so small and insignificant, but now... he felt as insignificant as a tiny speck of dust in front of this black and white figure. He knew that no matter how he struggled, he would never be able to move such a majestic mountain.

Lingyun felt so insignificant in front of this black and white figure, let alone the rest of the soldiers.

However, Ye Qingyu shot up into the sky, and as he slowly made his way across the void, countless beams of divine light suddenly shot out from his body. It seemed as though the color and light from the entire world had been absorbed by him and he was now returning these colors back into the world. The black and white aura that shrouded the entire world seemed to disappear almost instantly, as though it was a snowflake that had been blown away by the blazing hot summer sun.

All of the beauty and warmth was restored to this world.

"It doesn't matter how I managed to come this far. More importantly, you're still refusing to give up despite thousands of centuries having passed since you destroyed the heart of my Vast Thousand Star Domains, and you've decided to make another appearance," Ye Qingyu said as he stepped out of the Great Wall and stood majestically in the air. He slowly approached the Abandoned Fiendgod and the countless beams of light that were released from within his body drew on the power of the Dao laws to transform into shapes. Layers of sword light and sword will circulated and spread out behind him like a peacock spreading its feathers, and these layers managed to block out the Abandoned Fiendgod's aura completely.

"Thousands of centuries later, the Vast Thousand Star Domains have become even more fertile," the Abandoned Fiendgod's voice rang out coldly.

The Vast Thousand Domains, which was home to millions, and the formation martial world civilization were reduced to a fatty piece of delicious meat in his eyes. He would just consume it if he wished to, so why did he need to seek the opinion of this piece of meat?

Ye Qingyu smiled and did not let himself become angered by the Abandoned Fiendgod's chilly tone.

When it came to a battle of this scale and against an opponent of such a powerful cultivation, this was no longer about their personal grudges—it would also involve destiny and lives. This was a battle of ideologies. And the Abandoned Fiendgod was not trying to anger his opponent, but rather, he truly believed that the Vast Thousand Star Domains would be a good tonic to improve his cultivation.

"Thousands of centuries later, the Vast Thousand Star Domains have matured. Anyone who dares to stretch out a greedy hand into this space shall be slain," Ye Qingyu said as his combat will exploded from within him. He was not angered by the Abandoned Fiendgod's words, but he was still intent on killing him because the Vast Thousand Star Domains was his home.

"Do you really think you're worthy of battling me?" the Abandoned Fiendgod said as his black figure suddenly solidified. He looked like a misty projection earlier, but now, he looked like a real human, made of flesh and blood.

He was increasing his speed of forcing his way into this world.

Ye Qingyu didn't speak but he had already made his move.

The sword will that fanned out like a peacock's tail behind him circulated before transforming into a large, translucent sword. Then, the Life Sword sword will immediately manifested and the formations that were hidden along the mountain ranges of the Great Wall's defensive line immediately turned into golden formations made out of ancient characters. These ancient characters linked themselves together like a heavy chain and turned into a divine dragon that wrapped itself around the large sword.

Ye Qingyu gripped the large sword in his hand and strode across the void as he approached the Abandoned Fiendgod.

A battle between two Kings of Sovereigns was a clash of minds, destinies, Dao laws, and the power of laws. And they could destroy the heavens, earth, mountains, and rivers with a single thought. If a single wisp of their power leaked out as they battled, it could kill a current Emperor in an instant.

A long dragon, which was black and white in color, appeared behind the Abandoned Fiendgod. This was a manifestation of his Dao laws, mind, and destiny, and it lashed out at Ye Qingyu like a pair of black and white whips.

Based on these two weapons alone, the long whip had an advantage over the large sword.

Their techniques were not very refined or subtle, but what was terrifying about these weapons were the power and will contained within them.

Ye Qingyu did not show any sign of fear as he slashed down at the pair of black and white whips with his large sword.

Hiss! Hiss!

A soft hissing sound could be heard throughout the world, sounding like two pieces of crepe paper being ripped apart.

The splendor released by the giant sword had immediately slashed the long, black and white whips apart.

The moment these two weapons clashed together, it was obvious who the victor was.

This was a battle between two Kings of Sovereigns, a true battle of cultivation and will, so there weren't any fancy tricks. At their level, all moves, mysterious techniques, and skills would no longer prove effective in increasing their strength because they were so powerful that they represented the most powerful laws and destinies from each Star Domain. They were a manifestation of the most mysterious techniques in the world and had already merged millions of supremely powerful Great Daos within them.

It was obvious who the victor was after they exchanged blows.

After the pair of black and white whips were torn apart, they transformed into countless chaotic power of laws, order, and Dao laws. Visible and invisible ripples of energy sprayed everywhere and instantly, as a part of the void was turned into a chaotic void of nothingness. The Abandoned Fiendgod turned pale and quickly retreated without saying a single word. He moved like a ray of black flowing light and shot toward the depths of the chaotic zone of Chaos.

The chaotic force that had appeared after the pair of black and white whips had been destroyed also shot toward the chaotic zone after he recalled it.

Lingyun and the others looked on in wide-eyed astonishment, all feeling as though their hearts were about to jump out of their throats in shock.

Was... this the end?

Everyone had assumed that an exciting battle between fiendgods was about to take place and also thought that it would drag on for a long while. They had expected this battle to shatter the firmament and the land, destroy countless planets, and for it to be the most dazzling and intensely fought battle since ancient times, but they didn't expect that the victor would emerge so quickly after the initial exchange of blows.

Was this what a true battle between Kings of Sovereigns looked like?

Or did this mean that the Imperial God Emperor was far more powerful than his opponent and had managed to subdue him in an instant?

It was a while before Lingyun managed to shake himself out of his stunned silence. Then he waved his hand and immediately loud cheers rose in waves all across the Great Wall, which stretched for twento million kilometers. The celebratory booms from the battle drums and bugles resounded across the Dark Realm, and the mood along the Great Wall was especially joyous. Countless soldiers cheered wildly and they looked at Ye Qingyu reverently as though they were fanatical disciples who had made a pilgrimage to see him.

Ye Qingyu stood majestically in the sky but he did not pursue the Abandoned Fiendgod.

Had the Abandoned Fiendgod truly fled?

He had not been expecting this.

He knew that the Abandoned Fiendgod did not unleash his true power earlier because he had not fully descended upon this world, and also because this world was the Vast Thousand Star Domains where Ye Qingyu ruled over. The entire Vast Thousand Star Domains was his home, so his combat strength would skyrocket if he continued to battle within this world.

Had the Abandoned Fiendgod merely appeared to test how strong he had become?

Ye Qingyu looked contemplative.

Evidently, the hunters who were secretly hiding in the dark had sensed Ye Qingyu's presence and predicted that he could be a potential obstruction to their plans. They had decided that this peasant, who had grown up in the Vast Thousand Star Domains after the Divine Light Emperor's era, would pose a threat to them, and thus the Invaders' ambush, the attempted invasion of the legion of Quasi-emperors, and the appearance of the Abandoned Fiendgod had all been their attempt to gauge his strength.

"I wonder who is able to command the Abandoned Fiendgod at will?" he mused as he rubbed his temples.

He exerted his Light Emperor Detection Technique but he wasn't able to detect who the person behind the Abandoned Fiendgod could be.

However, the tracks left behind by the Abandoned Fiendgod as he fled were as clear as day.

This was the path to the final battle.

Ye Qingyu understood that the Abandoned Fiendgod had not truly fled in terror, but instead, it was his way of telling Ye Qingyu that the final battle would take place elsewhere.

He could not refuse this proposal because he knew that he would have to show up no matter how disadvantageous the battleground would be to him.

Otherwise, if these people threw all caution to the wind and brought the final battle to the Dark Realm or the Vast Thousand Domains, although he would be able to draw on the power of his home realm to increase his power, he knew that the Vast Thousand Star Domains would suffer great damage. He would not be able to shift his concentration away from the battle to protect this world if he were to battle the Abandoned Fiendgod and the other Kings of Sovereigns that were on his side.

However, this was what he had been hoping for.

He had not wanted the final battle to take place within the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

Evidently, the Abandoned Fiendgod and his friends did not wish to destroy the Vast Thousand Star Domains.

They wouldn't have made this decision otherwise.

The question was, what exactly did the Vast Thousand Star Domains contain that could attract more than one King of Sovereigns, including the Abandoned Fiendgod? Why were they so reluctant to destroy this world even as they yearned for the destiny contained within it? Although the destiny contained within the Vast Thousand Star Domains was precious and valuable, it wouldn't be enough to catch the attention of the Abandoned Fiendgod and the other Kings of Sovereigns.

Ye Qingyu felt that he might have overlooked something but this was not important to him.

The important thing was to protect the Vast Thousand Star Domains at all costs.

He turned back to the Great Wall and saw that countless soldiers had fallen to their knees along the Great Wall and were like fanatical disciples worshipping their god.

As his gaze swept across these soldiers, he already had a plan in mind. He nodded, and when he opened his mouth to speak, his voice could be heard throughout the defensive line of the Great Wall, the Dark Realm, and the Vast Thousand Star Domains, as though his voice was made of Dao sounds.

At that moment, everyone could clearly hear the voice of their Emperor, regardless of where they were located——

"This is my order... count your men, gather the generals, and get ready for battle... We shall head to space to battle!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1338:


Chapter 1351 - Out to Battle

Count your men and gather the soldiers!

Ye Qingyu's order swept across the entire Vast Thousand Star Domains in the shortest amount of time like a typhoon.

The Heaven Wasteland Empire and the Immortal Empire reacted like a well-oiled machine and were all abuzz in a flurry of activity because the armies from both empires had been making preparations for this day for two thousand years. Many high-ranking supreme commanders were all well aware of what the frantic preparations of the military over the past two thousand years had been for.

The ten main battalions of the Heaven Wasteland Empire and the twenty main battalions of the Immortal Empire had experienced countless battles and had survived through blood, gunpowder, and perilous situations over the past two thousand years, so they were battle-ready and hardened soldiers. They arrived at the defensive line of the Great Wall on the 10th day after Ye Qingyu issued his edict.

In addition, there were also the new troops that had been secretly groomed by the optical brain [The Beginning] over the past two years. They were transported by metallic warships and arrived secretly at the rendezvous point.

This was undoubtedly the most powerful military force ever assembled in history.

The most powerful military force across the Vast Thousand Star Domains had gathered along the defensive line of the Great Wall in the span of two weeks.

The famous commanders, generals, experts, and legendary figures who were powerful enough to stun entire lands into submission all showed up along the Great Wall's defensive line at the Unmoving City of Darkness. As all the Martial Emperor experts of the Vast Thousand Star Domains from both the Immortal Empire and the Heaven Wasteland Empire were summoned to the Unmoving City by Ye Qingyu, they immediately made their way over without a second's hesitation. In fact, there were many talented prodigies and experts who had emerged over the past two thousand years, as well as many strange creatures who had gone into hiding in the past, and all of them wanted to take advantage of this golden age of prosperity to proclaim themselves king. However, the Immortal Empire had used its immense power to deliver a stern warning either publicly or privately, and had also publicly announced the impending danger that the formation martial way's civilization was about to face. Ye Qingyu had drawn inspiration from the Sky Emperor's tactics and forced all the new Martial Emperors to promise to fight on behalf of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, even if they didn't render any services to the Immortal Empire.

The most powerful experts across the Vast Thousand Star Domains had gathered along the defensive line of the Great Wall in the span of a month.

The herds of Invaders that were constantly charging toward the western part of the defensive line along the Great Wall had ceased their constant barrage of attacks and retreated toward the chaotic zone of Chaos in an orderly manner. They moved with military precision and in an organized manner, so it was clear that their commanders were plotting and preparing for the final battle.

Old Fish, Liu Shaji, the million-year-old soul, Gao Diping, Wen Wan, Divine General Zhi, Divine General Jue, and the martial artist of the shadows...

These peerless experts who had stunned the formation martial world over the past two thousand years had appeared in front of the empire's soldiers.

The experts from the Immortal Dojo in the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain naturally formed a battalion of their own.

The Immortal Dojo had become a place of pilgrimage for those who cultivated the martial way and who lived in the Vast Thousand Star Domains. It was said that "All martial ways are from the Immortal Dojo", and these words clearly described the Immortal Dojo's significance in this Starry Realm and formation martial way system. The one hundred and eight divine statues that contained Emperor techniques had a far-reaching influence, and the wide and easy disciple entrance tests, the easy barrier for entry and exit, and the generous sharing of the secret manuals containing martial techniques all allowed the Immortal Dojo's fame to spread across the Vast Thousand Star Domains. There were many occasions in which the native martial artists of certain domains who had just reached the Spirit Spring Stage would cultivate the authentic martial techniques of the Immortal Dojo even if they had never left their own domain.

It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that the Immortal Dojo's disciples were scattered throughout the world and that their techniques were handed down for generations to come.

Thus, after the Imperial God Emperor issued his edict, many martial experts who weren't soldiers and weren't part of the group of martial experts that were obliged to fight also came forward to join the battle.

Over the last century, the empire's wisest men had deliberately spread the news about the impending doom that was about to befall the formation martial way's civilization, so many top-level experts were aware of what was about to happen. Imperial God Emperor Ye Qingyu's authority and fame only served to add credibility to these rumors, so these experts who joined the battle on their own accord all knew what they were fighting for.

In the blink of an eye, one month had passed.

The empire's grand army had already left the defensive line of the Great Wall and set up camp in a vast empty land to the west of the Great Wall.

Millions of soldiers and military tents dotted the landscape.

Ye Qingyu appeared on top of the defensive line of the Great Wall.

His gaze swept over countless hardened soldiers before he looked toward the Chaos District in the distance, which was now at a complete standstill. Then, he looked at the starry road that lay even further ahead before he looked away. He felt a sense of heroic pride that was hard to describe in words.

He was well aware of the significance of this battle.

He also knew that the final outcome of this battle probably did not rest on the shoulders of these energetic soldiers, but that it would ultimately be determined by a battle between Kings of Sovereigns.

He had issued the edict nonetheless and he was still prepared to take these men with him to space.

He didn't do this because he was worried that his strength would be exhausted by the neverending stream of Invaders, nor was he intending to use this battle to kill those forces and experts who had not pledged their allegiance to the Immortal Empire or the Heaven Wasteland Empire. He did this because he stood by his belief that the destiny of each realm and each world should not be determined by one man. Instead, the destiny of each realm should be guarded and defended by all its residents.

The survivors would only be able to treasure what they had if they had experienced battles and bloodshed for themselves.

The residents of the Vast Thousand Star Domains would only be able to truly understand and treasure the future progress of this world if they had managed to defend this world from the avaricious hands of the enemy.

He wanted to make everyone across the Vast Thousand Star Domains aware of what they had once gone through.

He walked across the void one step at a time and arrived at the firmament.

Countless pairs of eyes followed his every move eagerly and moved along with him.

Everyone, from ordinary soldiers to Martial Emperors who had managed to ascend to the peak of the formation martial way, looked at him reverently. Although Ye Qingyu had not released his aura and they were unable to sense how strong he was now, none of that affected their respect for and fear of him.

They were all absolutely certain that this person was the sovereign of the Vast Thousand Domains and a legendary figure.

There wasn't any need for him to prove his strength to them.

A stern military command was issued and everyone fell silent.

The wind and clouds stirred and the sky was dark and bleak.

Ye Qingyu spoke.

"I'm sure every one of you knows what kind of battle awaits us out in space. We have spent two thousand years preparing for this day, but we still can't be sure that we'll be able to vanquish our enemies, who seem hell-bent on destroying our world. We will be battling fiendgods who we've never seen before and Invaders who don't belong to this world. As we embark on this expedition, this might be the last time you bid farewell to your family and friends. And after we go to space, there's a possibility that we might never be able to return..."

Ye Qingyu's voice could be heard clearly by every single soldier.

"Everyone is equal in the face of death; it doesn't matter whether you are an ordinary soldier, a high-ranking general, or a Heaven Ascension stage martial artist. Fate will treat all of you equally. Even I might be lost forever in space... We are also all the same in the face of glory and victory... Death is no longer something to be feared because we cannot afford to look back. Our family homes lay behind us and our families live in those homes. If we retreat, this will mean that our families will be destroyed, but if we step forward, perhaps you might be able to use your swords, your flesh, and your blood to fight for the future of your families, and bring about peace and glory to all formation martial artists..."

Ye Qingyu's voice echoed like a battle drum in the hearts of all these military men, as though it contained some sort of enchantment.

The cadence of his words made every beating heart feel so full that it was about to burst.

Ye Qingyu's voice was calm even as his next statement shook the hearts of all who were present. He said clearly, "Now, all of you brave and strong soldiers of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, are you willing to battle alongside me?"

There was a brief silence, then millions of spears and swords were raised into the air.

Countless pairs of eyes blazed with an energy that bordered on fanatical and shone brightly as though their eyes could contain all the light in the world.

"Battle! Battle! Battle!"

These soldiers replied loudly and they stood firm and organized in their determination to fight.

Their majestic aura seemed as though lovely streams of water had instantly gathered to form a raging torrent that swept across the heavens, caused the mountains to quake, and shook the hearts of men.

Several Martial Emperors in their midst who had initially been ambivalent to this battle were also moved by Ye Qingyu's words and now exuded a fiery combat will.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

"Then, let us battle," he said as he pointed his finger outward and released an indescribable and abundant Dao force.

A new path appeared from the bottom of the Great Wall.

This road headed west and stretched into the chaotic zone of Chaos. Then, it split apart everything within the chaotic zone and continued on toward space. It stretched on endlessly... Finally, it reached the place where he sensed would be the final battleground, the place where the Invaders had chosen for the final battle.

"Onward!"

Ye Qingyu's figure landed on a metallic flagship.

A long, ancient military bugle call rang out across the land.

The large army formally set out on their expedition.

After two thousand years of preparation and training, the army now operated like a well-oiled machine. The frontline was the first to set forth and they stepped onto the road that Ye Qingyu had created.

The military machines operated.

The massive empire showcased its efficiency.

Countless wise men and military strategists had made countless plans and preparations for this day, so they already knew what to do after the military expedition set off. They also knew how to defend the land, how to transmit reports, and how to make everyone understand the significance of this important battle. They had already considered all of this and made plans in advance.

The only thing that awaited the Vast Thousand Star Domains was this all-important battle.

The only thing they could do was fight.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1339:


Chapter 1352 - The Astrological Continent

The final battleground was located deep in space.

At the end of the road that he had created was a huge continent that resembled the Dark Realm—this was a continent that was formed by piecing together the broken pieces of destroyed planets, just like how Ye Chongsheng had used his divine abilities to piece together the Dark Realm. However, this astronomical continent was many times more massive than the Dark Realm and was large enough for hundreds of millions of people to live on it.

However, this astronomical continent was not habitable.

The environment, power of laws, Dao forces, air, and water resources contained on this astronomical continent was starkly different from that of the Vast Thousand Domains.

If any ordinary creature from the Vast Thousand Domains were to come here, they wouldn't be able to survive. Only martial artists who were above the Bitter Sea stage would be able to survive in such a harsh environment.

Thanks to the efforts of Ye Qingyu and the two empires, those who had joined the expedition had all attained a cultivation that was at least at the Bitter Sea stage and above, including the ordinary soldiers. Thus, it wasn't difficult for them to adapt to this harsh environment since they could also rely on the technologies from the ancient Earth civilization.

The massive army from the empire streamed through the portal that Ye Qingyu had created and arrived on this astronomical continent.

Their enemies—the various armies from the various alternate timelines and realms—had already set up camp here.

The battle was now a clash between armies of different realms and civilizations.

The moment he set foot on the astronomical continent, Ye Qingyu could sense the presence of several dozen races from different stars and several dozen top-level fiendgods from alternate timelines. They were all scattered around various regions of this astronomical continent. Some could clearly be seen while others were hiding in the dark, and their commanders were all waiting gravely for this battle to begin.

He could also see the Abandoned Fiendgod and the great army from the Fiendgods Star Domain.

Soldiers facing off against soldiers!

Generals against generals!

Kings against kings!

This was what the final battle would look like.

In a way, for a Star Domain to prove that it was worthy of existing in the galaxy, other than having top-level experts to protect it, its worthiness was also proven through the average martial cultivation of its ordinary and highly-skilled martial artists, the development of its civilization, the intellect and abilities of its residents, and also through battles.

"Just as I predicted, the Abandoned Fiendgod and the other Sovereigns from an alternate timeline have finally chosen this method to complete their invasion of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. This astronomical continent is a battleground that had been constructed by the Kings of Sovereigns from an alternate timeline, and they had used abandoned and desolate planets to build this battleground. They're hoping to destroy the fate of the Vast Thousand Star Domains in the course of this battle and capture all the elite men from the Vast Thousand Domains."

He immediately understood the intentions of these Invaders the moment he glanced at the astronomical continent.

However, despite knowing all of that, he still had to bring his grand army to participate in this battle.

This was an open conspiracy and the only way to get around it was to face it head-on.

When he had visited the Underworld Star Domain, he had read a similar example recorded in the military arsenal of the ancient Sovereign of the Underworld Star Domain.

Each time a Star Domain had matured to the point where it had its own Sovereign and protector, it would be extremely difficult to wrest the fate away from the Star Domain. The ancient legacy and solution to this issue was to create an astronomical continent to launch a full-scale battle, annihilate all life within a Star Domain, and cause the fate that enveloped all creatures within a Star Domain to dissipate. Then, one would have to return to the Star Domain and reassign the dissipated fate to others. This process of dissipating and reassigning fate was the perfect solution for these Invaders.

In the cosmic universe, which was like a dark forest, such incidents had happened several times throughout history.

Those Star Domains that had been invaded by these hunters undeniably faced a tragic and cruel fate.

However, he was forced to battle despite what he knew.

Otherwise, once these Invaders forcibly invaded the Vast Thousand Star Domains, they would completely destroy and kill everything in the Star Domains, and these Star Domains would never have another chance to produce life and mature into a civilization.

This could only change if the Vast Thousand Star Domains could protect and defend its dignity and right to survive in a battle.

Naturally, there were unwritten laws of the universe, so if the Vast Thousand Star Domains could win the battle on the astronomical continent, the universe would also protect it. And if any foreign Invaders were to attempt to forcibly seize these Star Domains, the universe would turn against them and heavenly punishment would rain down upon them.

Ye Qingyu exerted his divine consciousness and the one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique immediately exploded from within him.

Ye Qingyu had engraved every single ancient character formation, and these formations now shot across the dark skies of the astronomical continent like bright stars and carried a mighty force as they hurtled across the skies in various directions. They shrouded the surrounding millions of kilometers and turned it into a safe zone.

This was where the Vast Thousand Star Domains' army would set up their base camp.

Their military flags billowed like dragons and their battle drums echoed across the skies.

Their swords were like rainbows, their horses were like dragons, and their warships were as numerous as clouds or rain.

The great army of the Vast Thousand Star Domains was like a long dragon that followed the path to the astronomical continent. Then, they cleared the various areas under the directions of their leaders, set up their tents, formed their defensive line and positions, and settled down.

The great army set up camp in an orderly manner.

The divine temples, which housed the command centers, and the cities were constructed within a short period of time.

At the same time, a series of orders were quickly cascaded within the core central military flagship.

This military expedition functioned like a well-oiled machine and quickly and logically processed all commands without making a single mistake. This was a system made up of hundreds of millions of people but they were so coordinated that it seemed like they were acting as a single entity. After two thousand years of training, they functioned perfectly as they were about to head into battle.

As the lofty Sovereign, Ye Qingyu didn't even need to worry about the military commands that were being issued.

[The Beginning] would handle everything.

The optical brain [The Beginning] was the main brain behind this operation.

Tens of thousands of top-level military strategists would cooperate with [The Beginning] using their own optical brain calculator that had been assigned to each battalion, and these calculators were now running at full speed.

The military efficiency achieved by the great army of the Vast Thousand Domains was completely unheard of.

Soon after, the melodious sounds of drums could be heard.

Tens of thousands of rays of bright-red light ripped through the void and shot toward the black firmament.

These were technological products of the ancient Earth civilization.

Each ray of bright-red light represented the most sophisticated rocket that was a combination of the best of the formation martial way's civilization and the ancient Earth's technologies.

This rocket shot into the sky, and after it broke past the gravitational pull of the astronomical continent, it would explode and millions of nano-sized optical brain satellites would scatter all across the astronomical continent. Then, these nano-sized optical brains would operate within its own territory and use its light energy to scan the geology, topography, mountains, rivers, land, weather, and geographical features. They could even spy on the enemy's camp and military strength.

They had already tested these methods over the past two thousand years of battling the Invaders.

This was the technique that the military headquarters was best at in every battle.

This was also part of the strategy that the military intelligence had agreed on before they set out on the battle expedition.

It was worth noting that these optical brain satellites were extremely tiny and did not release any energy waves, so it was extremely hard for martial experts to detect their presence. They were scattered all across the external orbit of the astronomical continent, forming a surveillance web system that was omnipresent. This would be able to help the Vast Thousand Star Domains' military gain the upper hand by moving in first.

Ye Qingyu stood in the center of the grand army and released his divine consciousness, which shrouded the entire astronomical continent.

He perceptively noticed that the Abandoned Fiendgod and the other Kings of Sovereigns did not make any move to stop these nano-sized optical brain satellites.

This was a battle that pitted soldiers against soldiers and generals against generals, and the Abandoned Fiendgod and the other Kings of Sovereigns were very proud and also respected the laws of the battle. Thus, they wouldn't get involved in military affairs.

Ye Qingyu breathed out a sigh of relief at this discovery.

The troops from the Vast Thousand Star Domains continued to stream into the astronomical continent and set up camp within the continent. According to the reports that were being fed by the optical brain satellites, the frontline troops had already started to attempt to encroach into the enemy's territory, and after the initial clash with the Invaders' army, there were some losses and some wins.

The lowest target that the military had set for themselves was to be able to survive this battle on the astronomical continent, while the highest target was to emerge as victors and slay all the Invaders' armies, then unite the entire astronomical continent.

The entire process seemed like a game of thrones to those Kings of Sovereigns who stood at the summit of the martial way. It seemed as though whichever army emerged victorious wouldn't actually affect the ultimate fate of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. At least, this was how it seemed to Wen Wan, Sun Wukong, Old Fish, the million-year-old soul, and the others.

Ye Qingyu did not agree with their mentality.

He had already sensed that there was a deeper significance than they thought.

However, there was no need for any explanations, nor did he have the time to slowly comprehend and provide explanations.

That was because Ye Qingyu had to enter the battlefield a month after the grand army of the Vast Thousand Star Domains stepped foot onto the astronomical continent. The Abandoned Fiendgod's complete form had appeared in the battleground for Sovereigns located outside the astronomical continent. He had previously been defeated by Ye Qingyu in a single move, but now, this was him in his true form. He sent a Dao will crashing against the realm that was made up of the one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique and challenged Ye Qingyu to battle.

"Careful, Your Highness. It might be a trap," Gao Diping said worriedly.

Wen Wan and the others also tried to stop him. They felt that he shouldn't accept the Abandoned Fiendgod's challenge immediately. At the very least, they would have to do a thorough scan and ascertain how many enemies were lurking in the dark, waiting for their chance to pounce, before Ye Qingyu stepped onto the battlefield.

"Woof... The Abandoned Fiendgod isn't the only person in that area," Little Nine said as its body expanded significantly. It sniffed as though it had detected something then said, "I can sense danger." Little Nine had spent the past two thousand years running wild across the Vast Thousand Star Domains and had consumed countless treasures and Invaders, so its body had undergone a transformation—no one knew how much more powerful it had become.

"I'm willing to battle alongside you," Bai Yuqing said as she rose to her feet.

She had displayed the legacy of White Jade Capital to a point that no one had ever attained, and was already a peak Martial Emperor. She hadn't become a King of Sovereigns because she lacked the fate and opportunity to become one.

"We'll go too," the Six Divine Generals and the spirit monkey battle companion said.

The fate of billions within the Vast Thousand Star Domains ultimately rested on one man, Ye Qingyu.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1340:


Chapter 1353 - Life Sword

Their worries were not unfounded.

The closer they were to the King of Sovereigns cultivation, the more they were able to understand how terrifying Ye Qingyu's opponent was.

This was especially so for Wen Wan and the Six Divine Generals, who understood how terrifying the Abandoned Fiendgod and the others were. The Divine Light Emperor had drawn on the power of the Vast Thousand Star Domains to increase his strength, but he had only been on par with the Abandoned Fiendgod, who had merely projected himself halfway into the Vast Thousand Star Domains. After they walked out of the Vast Thousand Star Domains, they would be facing the Abandoned Fiendgod in his true form, and to make matters worse, he might even have accomplices. The King of Destruction, who had appeared back then, could also be lurking in the dark waiting for his chance to pounce.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "Don't worry. I know what to do. The Six Divine Generals and Little Nine may accompany me to the battlefield, but the other Martial Emperors will have to remain at the astronomical continent to supervise the battle. The result of the battle between the military troops will influence the outcome of the ultimate Emperor battle."

Everyone had no choice but to obey his command.

However, Old Fish said with a smile, "Why don't you bring me along? I have a feeling that I'll be able to help you."

Ye Qingyu was moved by his words and finally nodded in agreement.

A bright flash of splendor enveloped the Six Divine Generals, Little Nine, Old Fish, and Ye Qingyu and brought them away from the astronomical continent.

At the same time, large-scale clashes finally broke out between the military troops on the astronomical continent.

...

...

They were in a vast and boundless space with no end in sight.

The loneliness and emptiness of this black void was a scene that would never change despite the passage of time.

There was a flash of splendor.

Ye Qingyu and the others appeared on the battlefield.

"Well, if it isn't the Imperial God Emperor. I've been waiting for you for a long time." A cold, ancient voice rang out, and a long dragon made out of black and white chains of the power of laws ripped through the air, carrying with it a destructive power that could annihilate entire planets, as it made its way toward Ye Qingyu and the others.

It was none other than the Abandoned Fiendgod.

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly and raised his hand. Then, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] appeared on his palm and spun around. It unleashed a chaotic primordial light and transformed into a large bell that shrouded everyone around him. The long dragon formed from the black and white chains of the power of laws clashed and wrapped itself around the giant bell, but after several moments, it was sent flying backward.

"Stay here and watch the battle from this bell," Ye Qingyu said in a low voice.

Then, his figure flickered and he immediately left the protective shield of the [Cloud Top Cauldron].

"One should give as good as one gets," he said as his aura rapidly skyrocketed.

He raised his hand slightly, and immediately, eight ancient formation characters flickered in his hand before they transformed into layers of bagua divine light mirrors that circulated with a myriad of colorful rays of light that lit up large swathes of space. Then, with a flick of his wrist, boundless sword will contained within the bagua divine light mirror shot out like a tempest toward the monochromatic divine dragon.

Every ray of sword will tempest was like an apocalyptic ray of light.

Ye Qingyu had already managed to merge his varied and abundant cultivations into one entity and could unleash a powerful martial force that uniquely belonged to him. His powerful martial force had built upon the basics of the one hundred eight ancient characters mysterious technique and the Life Sword sword will, and it was also a true King of Sovereigns technique. This was way more powerful than any ordinary Emperor technique.

The void of the universe seemed to be slashed into pieces almost instantly.

The Abandoned Fiendgod's figure appeared in the distance.

Multiple black and white, long, divine dragon whips danced and swirled around him. His aura had soared significantly compared to the projection that had shown up at the Great Wall of the Dark Realm. He was so powerful that it seemed like he had gathered all the tides of strength in the entire universe to himself.

Abundant sword will shot toward the Abandoned Fiendgod's figure, but they all stopped one thousand meters ahead of him, as though the raging tempest had hit an invisible wall that they couldn't get past.

"Kill!" the Abandoned Fiendgod said with a soft shout and immediately unleashed his fatal move.

There was no need to probe any further nor exchange any more words. Their grudges and enmity had boiled and festered for several thousand centuries, so the only way to end this would be to kill their opponent. This battle would ultimately be decided by their power.

He reached out and grabbed the long, black and white whips, then he flipped his hand around and wrapped the whips around a desolate star that was several million kilometers away. His King of Sovereigns power exploded from him and instantly turned this planet into a giant hammer that was full of destructive power. He pulled on the long, black and white whips and dragged this giant hammer to Ye Qingyu in a matter of seconds.

Experts of this level were able to use planets as weapons.

Wen Wan and the others felt shivers run down their spines when they watched this scene from a distance.

Their strength had soared significantly since the Divine Light Court, and after breaking free of the reincarnation cycle that lasted several hundred lifetimes, the Divine Light Emperor's painstaking efforts in forcing them to go through the reincarnation cycles had paid off. They were just a whisker away from becoming Kings of Sovereigns themselves, and more importantly, after the essence of the ancient Earth's civilization had been promoted and absorbed by the Vast Thousand Star Domains, their perspective and worldview had also expanded significantly. As they learned about the changes in the universe and planets, they would also naturally understand the true significance of these planets. When they saw how the Abandoned Fiendgod managed to effortlessly turn a planet into a weapon, they felt as though his power had overturned their assumption of what being at the summit of the martial way was like.

They were extremely shocked and couldn't help worrying about Ye Qingyu's predicament.

However, their worries soon proved to be unfounded.

"[Slashing Planets with a Sword]."

Ye Qingyu pushed out his palms and a myriad of colors circulated like a compass within the bagua divine light mirror, and a ray of dazzling sword light exploded from it.

This sword light was not very large, it was only several hundred meters long. It shot out and slashed across the planet. Then, Wen Wan and the others watched in disbelief as a miraculous scene played out in front of them like a life-giving spring breeze and rain. The planet that gave off an apocalyptic force suddenly seemed to break apart soundlessly and turn into ashes, as though the powerful force it had exuded earlier had merely been a projection. It broke apart as easily as a bubble.

And even more mysteriously, the apocalyptic sword will that had destroyed the planet spread to the black and white whips. And these whips, which were linked together by the pure laws of the Great Dao, suddenly broke apart as well and dissipated in the air like burnt ashes in the wind.

"Nice move," the Abandoned Fiendgod said as his expression turned serious.

"You're much stronger than the Divine Light Emperor had been," he said as he approached Ye Qingyu.

The long, black and white whips formed from the chains of laws reached into the endless void of space like countless black and white tentacles, and when they returned, they each held a desolate planet in their grip. Strange black and white energy waves circulated around them as they refined these giant planets until these planets contained the five elemental forces of the universe along with some kind of shapeless energy. Then, these planets were sent hurtling toward Ye Qingyu.

These black and white tentacles circled around the planets and formed a mysterious formation that had the power to annihilate the starry skies. In addition to primordial power, each move contained an abundant and vast destructive force that drew its power from the depths of the void of the universe. These planets shot like surging waves at Ye Qingyu and completely surrounded him.

"Nice!"

A strong will to battle blazed in Ye Qingyu's eyes.

His dark hair danced in the wind, his whole body flickered with dazzling divine light, and out from his eyes shot two rays of divine sword will, which made him look like a divine king who had walked out from ancient times.

This was the first time he was facing off against a true King of Sovereigns.

The Abandoned Fiendgod was so powerful that it was unheard of in both past and present—his strength was absolutely terrifying.

These planets had yet to fully encircle Ye Qingyu, but the apocalyptic and destructive force they exuded was enough to instantly turn fiendgods and King of Sovereigns into dust.

The [Cloud Top Cauldron] gave off loud booming sounds as it continued to protect Wen Wan, Gao Diping, Little Nine, and the others within it.

"All swords shall return to their origins... [Slashing Planets with a Sword]!"

Ye Qingyu's combat strength soared to its maximum level, then a series of tiger growls, dragon roars, and phoenix cries could vaguely be heard emitting from his body. He had already mastered the power of dragons and phoenixes even before he became Emperor. And when he exerted this power now, the primordial power from the [True Will of the Sky Dragon] and the blood of the ancient True Phoenix were activated, and the one hundred eight ancient characters transformed into dazzling bright light. It seemed like one hundred and eight planets were circling around him. The Life Sword sword will exploded from him and he reached into the void with both hands. Then the point of a sharp sword that was several thousand meters long slowly appeared from the bagua divine light mirror, giving off layers of multi-colored light.

The sword body appeared after the point of the sword.

Then, the handle appeared.

This was a dazzling Life Sword several tens of meters tall that appeared inch by inch from the bagua divine light mirror.

Ye Qingyu had started later than the Abandoned Fiendgod, but it seemed like there was a vast gap between the two of them. After he slowly pulled out the Life Sword from the bagua divine light mirror, the planets that had been one thousand kilometers away from him were now nine hundred ninety-nine kilometers away.

This distance of nine hundred ninety-nine kilometers was like a heavenly punishment.

Ye Qingyu held the sword with both hands and slashed out.

Boom!

The scene from earlier played out again, and all these planets, all the power that had been activated by the depths of the universe, and all the black and white tentacles formed from the power of laws completely vanished, as though boiling water had been poured over snow. It seemed as though these majestic planets had merely been a mirage.

"How have you managed to become so powerful?" the Abandoned Fiendgod asked in shock.

Evidently, Ye Qingyu was a lot more powerful than he had expected after the initial probing attacks.

"It's time to put an end to these petty probing tricks," Ye Qingyu said as he stood on the Life Sword.

His black hair danced in the wind as he stood majestically in the void, and his figure was tall and burly, giving off multi-colored divine light that shone deep into the boundless sky. He looked like the original fiendgods who had once ruled over the universe. His voice echoed like Dao sounds and heavenly thunder that could be heard throughout the universe as he said, "Abandoned Fiendgod, you're no longer my match. Tell the rest of the Kings of Sovereigns to show themselves and stop wasting my time!"

The Abandoned Fiendgod's face turned pale.

He had absolute confidence in his own abilities, but he also knew that it would be very hard for him to single-handedly kill this King of Sovereigns of the Vast Thousand Star Domains. Even if he managed to slay Ye Qingyu, he would also end up sustaining serious injuries and this would only benefit those who were lurking in the dark waiting for their chance.

"I have ended up nurturing a tiger in enemy territory when I failed to destroy the Vast Thousand Star Domains back in those days," the Abandoned Fiendgod said.

He was starting to regret his decisions. Although the destiny contained in the Vast Thousand Star Domains was very enticing, Ye Qingyu posed an even greater threat to him. If he had known that such a powerful figure would emerge from the Vast Thousand Star Domains one day, he would have chosen to completely annihilate the Vast Thousand Star Domains. It was too late for regrets now.

Fortunately, everything was still within his control.

"Since you're so confident, King of Destruction, please step onto the battlefield," the Abandoned Fiendgod turned around and said. Although he was extremely enraged, he would not stubbornly choose to face Ye Qingyu head-on.

As soon as he spoke—

A space portal appeared in the distance.

A terrifying murderous, violent, and destructive aura spilled out from this space portal.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

