Chapter 889:


Chapter 906 - Explosive News


The moment the news got out, the feverish atmosphere in Heaven Connect City quickly began to cool.

In the beginning, many people did not believe the news and headed to the Heaven Wasteland Building to see for themselves. They were all left astonished by what they saw.

The news spread like wildfire and the disciples of various forces gathered together and went toward Heaven Connect City from all across the land. They either stood along the main streets or remained hidden in the dark from afar as they observed the four white-robed divine guards who stood guard in front of the representative station. Disbelief was written all over their faces, and after they looked again to confirm that they were not seeing things, they secretly committed the faces of the four divine guards to memory, then hurriedly rushed back to their own representative stations to report the news.

This cycle of people coming and going kept repeating for a period of fewer than two hours.

The various malicious characters who had been stirring up trouble in front of the Heaven Wasteland Building over the past few days hesitated to make their way forward. They were not being so aggressive for the time being.

At that moment, shock and astonishment broke out all across the land with all sorts of gossip swirling around the Heaven Wasteland Building.

"What is going on? Why are the white-robed divine guards guarding the Heaven Wasteland Building? Am I seeing things?"

"This doesn't make any sense. The white-robed divine guards are controlled by the Alliance of Domains, no one should be able to hire them for private use. This has been the case throughout history. Why are they guarding the Heaven Wasteland Building then? I heard that these are the men sent by Tang Chong. Has he gone mad? Is he not afraid that the upper echelon of the Alliance will come after him? Tang Chong has become rather famous in recent years as one of the outstanding younger-generation divine guards and it's widely agreed that he has limitless potential. Is he not afraid that his actions will cost him his future?"

"Isn't it possible that he might be acting on the orders of the spokesperson of the Human Race?"

"Ren Puyang? That idea is even more ludicrous. Ren Puyang is known for being incorruptible and he would never wield his authority in such a manner. Although Mister Ren Puyang was rumored to think highly of Ye Qingyu, I don't think that it could be to this extent, right? Even if he has a high opinion of Ye Qingyu, sending divine guards over would not protect him, but instead, it would harm him and fan the flames even more. I highly doubt someone of Mister Ren Puyang's character and integrity would do such a thing…"

"Could there be some secret behind this?"

"It would definitely be something that we are not aware of… What could it be?"

This sudden turn of events made almost all the forces sink into deep contemplation. The news that Ye Qingyu would soon become Ren Puyang's deputy had yet to be disseminated and was only known by a select few in the upper echelon of the Alliance of Domains. So all these forces, both large and small, were not able to figure out what was happening. This was especially so of the forces with ulterior motives that had already conducted checks on the identities of the four guards outside the representative station after receiving news from their spies.

At first, some had assumed that the Heaven Wasteland Building was so crazy that they must have hired people to pose as white-robed divine guards. However, they were shocked to find out that upon further investigation, these white-robed divine guards were not just any ordinary white-robed divine guards, but they were elite guards and were all high-ranking guards led personally by Ren Puyang.

What could be happening?

No one was able to make sense of the situation.

However, one thing was clear.

Not one force or person would be able to cause a scene in front of the Heaven Wasteland Building again.

Any place where white-robed divine guards were stationed was considered to be under the protection of the Alliance of Domains. If anyone dared to challenge their authority, it would be the equivalent of opposing the Alliance of Domains. In a place like Heaven Connect City, where the headquarters of the Alliance of Domains was located, no one would be mad enough to challenge their authority because that would be like courting death.

The Heaven Wasteland Building did not issue any statement in spite of the gossip that swirled around.

Thus, no one else came forward to cause a scene in front of the representative station and those representatives of the various forces observing the situation also retreated on their own accord.

Peace was restored to the Heaven Wasteland Building.

Five days later—

The white-robed divine guard, Tang Chong, personally visited the Heaven Wasteland Building and brought news of the developments regarding Ye Qingyu's conferment procedure.

In the quiet room of the Heaven Wasteland Building—

"Lord Ye Qingyu, the procedures have all been completed. All you have to do is to head to the Congress of the Alliance of Domains to be formally inducted." Tang Chong saluted him respectfully.

He had to treat him respectfully.

Although his status in the Human Race camp at the Alliance of Domains was extremely high, and together with Xiao Lin, they were the right and left-hand men of Ren Puyang, from this day on, Ye Qingyu would be Ren Puyang's deputy. This meant that Ye Qingyu's status would only be second to Ren Puyang. Despite the fact that Ye Qingyu would not have any definitive authority, this nominal title was more than enough to demonstrate his status. Furthermore, after being by Ren Puyang's side for such a long time, he knew for a fact how much effort Ren Puyang put into developing Ye Qingyu, and he was also aware of Ye Qingyu's heaven-defying abilities. If all went according to plan, Ye Qingyu would shoot to fame. Thus, Tang Chong and Xiao Lin shared the same thought—which was to make sure that they were on good terms with Ye Qingyu before he truly rose to fame.

"Many thanks for your help during this period, Divine Guard Tang Chong," Ye Qingyu thanked him with a smile.

He was aware that without Tang Chong's help, the conferment procedures would not have been processed so smoothly and effectively.

Then, Ye Qingyu accompanied Tang Chong out of the representative station, and as countless pairs of eyes watched, they boarded the airship and headed toward the congress divine temple of the Alliance of Domains.

This set off another round of chatter.

Every living creature who was paying attention to the situation could already tell that their doubts were about to be cleared up soon. The truth behind the situation would be revealed soon enough.

Time flew by.

Everyone was on tenterhooks.

That very afternoon, the news released from the congress divine temple of the Alliance of Domains spread like wildfire throughout all of Heaven Connect City.

Ye Qingyu has been formally appointed as the third deputy of Ren Puyang.

Everyone was dumbfounded by the news.

"The third deputy?"

"Did he become the third deputy of Ren Puyang?"

"How can this be possible?"

"What kind of person is Ren Puyang?"

He was one of the prominent lords of the Alliance of Domains. In his earlier days, he was an invincible talent and was one of the most outstanding talents in the Human Race apart from [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. Since he became the spokesperson of the Human Race and managed all matters concerning the Human Race, he had both a powerful authority and status. In other words, Ren Puyang's status even surpassed the sect leaders and patriarchs of these super forces.

It also could be said that in the Vast Thousand Domains, his words carried absolute power and authority in matters related to the Human Race.

Now, what kind of person was Ye Qingyu?

In positive terms, he could be considered the leader of a tiny new domain, but in negative terms, he was the killing demon whom everyone hated. He had offended the Dragon Human Race and was in a precarious position.

Yet, this person had suddenly been appointed as the deputy to Ren Puyang, the prominent human. It was extremely baffling.

It was even more legendary than legends and more miraculous than miracles could be.

What was this called?

A counterattack?

Or was it the rise of Ye Qingyu?

At the moment, the feelings of the upper echelon of countless forces were extremely complicated and they did not know how to react.

Yet, this was the truth.

Whether or not they were willing to believe it or would be able to accept it, they were all aware that this news would turn the tide around irrevocably. Ye Qingyu's status had changed tremendously. If he had been a lone ranger in the past, now Ye Qingyu was completely untouchable. Whoever wanted to harm him would first have to seriously reconsider their options.

There was also a deeper meaning behind Ye Qingyu's appointment as the third deputy.

This was also what the major forces feared.

Everyone within the major cities along the Road of Chaos knew that in order for a title to be conferred within the Alliance of Domains, especially the title of the deputy to the spokesperson of a super race like the Human Race, this important decision and confirmation had to be agreed on by the Alliance of Domains. It was not something that could be decided by one person or one force. This rule had been in place since the formation of the Alliance of Domains, which meant that the various leaders of the major races had come to an agreement after many rounds of discussion before this news was formally released under the name of the Alliance.

In other words, this was the decision of the entire Alliance of Domains.

The entire Alliance of Domains had agreed to appoint Ye Qingyu as the third deputy of the Human Race.

There was still a tremendous gap between the deputy and the leader, but from this day on, this meant that the entire Alliance of Domains would support Ye Qingyu.

How did things turn out this way?

No one could figure it out.

This news spread like wildfire in the shortest time possible, and after it left everyone in the city reeling, it spread at an equally frenzied pace across the other major cities.

Since the formal announcement was released, Heaven Connect City was obviously the first city to be sent reeling. Those within the city who did not think highly of Ye Qingyu or the Heaven Wasteland Domain felt completely stunned and baffled. The first wave of gossip swept through the town furiously as everyone tried to guess what exactly this appointment meant, and soon afterward, this became the hottest topic on the streets and amongst the major sects.

"I must be dreaming. What is going on?"

"This is a shocking new development."

"Didn't I tell you a few days ago that someone would come out to protect the [Ice Sword Killing God]. Today's news proves that I was right after all!"

"You are too naive. This is no longer a simple matter of someone protecting him. Since this was a notice released by the Alliance of Domains, this means that the prominent men within the Alliance of Domains are all on his side. He has obtained the protection of the entire Alliance of Domains!"

"How exactly did he do it? Not only did he turn the tide, but he also obtained the support of the various spokespersons of the other races to be promoted to such a lofty position."

"I must have really been dreaming. This is the most astonishing and explosive piece of news in the past thousands of centuries…"

"I guess we have been looking at it from the wrong angle all along. Now that I think about it, it doesn't matter whether Ye Qingyu has the [Dragonblood Halberd] or not. If he truly managed to kill the retired emperor of the Dragon Human Race, this shows how terrifyingly powerful he is. I'm guessing that he is probably as strong as a Peak-level Great Saint. The Alliance of Domains would not be able to deal with him that easily if he is as strong as I think he is."

"I don't think so. The Heaven Wasteland Domain is only a new domain, which would limit Ye Qingyu's cultivation progress. Furthermore, didn't he almost die when he faced the Black Moon Immortal Palace?"

"That was in the past… Regardless, Ye Qingyu is now the deputy of the spokesperson of the Human Race, which means that with the elevation of his status, everyone who bears him or the Heaven Wasteland Domain any ill-will will need to think twice before they act."

In less than two hours, all sorts of theories and gossip surged through the city like a flood and completely buried the rumors that were related to Ye Qingyu and the Dragon Human Race.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 890:


Chapter 907 - His Head Held High


From that moment on, Ye Qingyu's status could not be shaken, not by a singular force nor a singular domain.

Even the Dragon Human Race would not be able to touch him.

As this piece of news continued to spread and as various forces processed this information, it sparked off a chain of events.

Everyone was curious to know how the enraged Dragon Human Race would react after they heard this news.

However, before the Dragon Human Race could show any reaction, the various chambers of commerce and consortiums around Heaven Connect City and even along the entire stretch of the Road of Chaos made the first and most immediate move. And the Heaven Wasteland Building suddenly became the hottest place in town as the representatives of countless chambers of commerce and consortiums swarmed like bees to honey toward the representative station. This tiny representative station, which had been very quiet just two hours earlier, was now buzzing with life and full of crowds.

Since the announcement was released, those forces and sects who had run over to the representative station to tear up their cooperation agreement in a fit of righteous rage a few days ago were now all consumed with regret.

...

In a quiet room of Tong Yuan Chamber of Commerce on North Street in Heaven Connect City—

The chairman, Wu Yuan, sat alone on a decades-old, hard, red wooden chair. He sat upright and a cup of green tea was placed beside him. He held a formation brush made of wolf hair with a round jade ball accessory, and he was carefully labeling the various expenses and revenue on the accounting records that were recorded on the jade slip.

This was a habit he cultivated over a few decades. He would review the expenses and revenue on the accounting books every afternoon.

No one was permitted to disturb him during this period.

However, there was an exception on this day.

Thump! Thump! Thump!

He suddenly heard the sound of someone anxiously knocking on his door.

Chairman Wu Yuan frowned.

Before he could even react, a figure recklessly burst into the room, as though he had pushed the door open with his body.

Wu Yuan was stunned when he saw that it was his favorite disciple, Qian Jin.

"Qian Jin, why are you so flustered? Didn't I tell you that no one is to disturb me at this hour? Have you forgotten my words? What is wrong with you these days? Why have you become so easily agitated?" Chairman Wu Yuan put aside his brush and admonished his disciple angrily.

Qian Jin was clad in navy-blue long robes. His hair was a little untidy and he said agitatedly, "Charmain, there's been news… Big news!"

"What are you so anxious about? Slow down, the heavens are not about to collapse. How are you going to accomplish great things in the future if you get agitated so easily?" Chairman Wu Yuan said coldly, making his displeasure clear. "Didn't I tell you that you must not get flustered under any circumstances, you must learn to remain calm. I'm greatly disappointed by your behavior today. Speak slowly, please," Wu Yuan said. Then he lifted his brush and continued to annotate the accounting books.

"It's Ye... Ye Qingyu. He has been appointed as the deputy to Lord Ren Puyang. The Alliance of Domains has just released the formal announcement!" Qian Jin said breathlessly. He was not sure whether he was breathless because of this information or whether it was because he had been in such a hurry earlier.

Smack!

The moment he said those words, the wolf-fur brush fell from Chairman Wu Yuan's hand onto the accounting books. Instantly, there was a large patch of black ink on the paper.

"What… what did you just say…." He was completely stunned and this was one of the rare moments that his self-control left him. He could not even hold his precious brush properly and he sat in stunned silence. A while later, he finally rose from his seat, his eyes widening and his face frozen from shock. A drop of cold sweat dripped down from his forehead.

Qian Jin did not dare to utter a single word when he saw how shocked his chairman was.

It was a while before Chairman Wu Yuan finally sat back in his seat in a daze. He muttered as though he was sleep-talking, "How… how could it be..."

Qian Jin himself had yet to recover from his shock and his back was already drenched in cold sweat.

Fortunately, the chairman had stopped him from recklessly breaking their contract with the Heaven Wasteland Domain and coaxed him to wait a few more days. Otherwise, he would not be able to bear the consequences of his actions.

On the other end, after Chairman Wu Yuan got over his initial shock, he grew more and more excited.

He realized that he had been presented with a beautiful opportunity.

"Cough… Master? Master? Are… are you alright?" Qian Jin coughed dryly and pulled Wu Yuan out of his excited reverie. Then, he stammered, "Master, this seems a little odd to me. What do you think the Alliance of Domains is trying to achieve by conferring such a title on Ye Qingyu?"

Chairman Wu Yuan was the current chairman of the Tong Yuan Chamber of Commerce and he was also its patriarch. But to Qian Jin, this was the man who had mentored him since childhood and he was closer to his master than to his own parents.

The marketplace was like a battlefield and it was all about deceit, dishonesty, intrigue, and how to observe others through their actions and words. Chairman Wu Yuan had taught him all these things without holding anything back.

After he started to shadow his master while his master ran the chamber of commerce and started to learn the ropes of the business, Chairman Wu Yuan had forbidden him from calling him "Master". After all, close relationships were frowned upon in the world of business, which was filled with plots and intrigue. Qian Jin still felt a little resentful since he thought that Ye Qingyu was guilty of killing and stealing the treasures of others, but yet, he had not been punished and had even been publicly rewarded by the Alliance of Domains.

"Qian Jin, it has been so many years since I've taken you under my wing, and although you have learned a lot and I can see some of myself in you in the way you handle matters, you still lack experience and you tend to act brashly and recklessly. This is a big taboo in the marketplace and you must remember to change this habit." Chairman Wu Yuan had gradually calmed down and he seemed to have formulated a plan on how to handle this situation. He was in great spirits and did not chastise his favorite disciple, but instead, only gave him some advice.

"Yes, Master," Qian Jin said with his head bowed.

Now that he had gradually calmed down, he started to have a clearer view of the situation and could at least guess some of his master's thoughts.

The fact that Ye Qingyu could receive an appointment at the Alliance of Domains at this time also showed that it was highly possible that there was a hidden conspiracy behind the accusations that he faced.

Since Chairman Wu Yuan was an elder who had mentored Qian Jin from childhood, he immediately saw through Qian Jin's thoughts. He sighed softly and said, "You must not judge a situation by its appearance. You're still too inexperienced and you must learn how to stay calm and gain more experience. The Alliance of Domains is the core that controls the entire Vast Thousand Domains. Not one party has the ability to influence any of their decisions, and any decision they make must have the endorsement of the spokespersons of all the races. Now that Ye Qingyu has been appointed as the deputy of Ren Puyang, his status has been elevated all of a sudden to the point that would be impossible for an average person to achieve in a thousand years. It doesn't matter whether he had really killed someone and stolen their treasure. Now that he has the support of the Alliance of Domains, this is enough to scare most people from plotting against him or the Heaven Wasteland Domain."

Qian Jin was shocked, then a look of realization gradually spread across his face.

"So…. Master, what do we do now?"

He was still frightened when he recalled how he almost destroyed the cooperation agreement between the Tong Yuan Chamber of Commerce and the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

"Haha, young punk, the situation right now is very delicate but this is also a prime opportunity for us." Chairman Wu Yuan chuckled. He thought for a moment and his eyes flashed sharply. Then, he said, "Let's go. We are still on good terms with the Heaven Wasteland Domain, so now that their Lord Ye Qingyu has been promoted, we must prepare gifts to go congratulate him."

"Ah… You're right. The other Chambers of Commerce have offended the Heaven Wasteland Domain but we are still their partners. We would beat the others just on this point alone! Now that Lord Ye Qingyu has been appointed as the deputy, there is no need for us to beg for forgiveness, but instead, we will go to congratulate him." Qian Jin immediately understood Chairman Wu Yuan's intentions and nodded quickly. Then, he turned to enter the inner hall and started to select the congratulatory gifts.

...

At the same time, in front of the Heaven Wasteland Building—

The building that had been conspicuously quiet and shunned by everyone had suddenly burst back to life.

The representatives of the various forces and chairmen milled around the main gate, filling the place to the brim. All these were men of high-standing but now they were behaving like vegetable sellers at the marketplace. They held their precious and rare treasure up high as they frantically tried to squeeze through the main gate to the Heaven Wasteland Building, afraid that someone else might take their place. This rowdy atmosphere was rather comical.

This place was even livelier than the busiest street market in Heaven Connect City.

At this moment, Si Yuan held his head up, high and proud.

All who were at the representative station had rejoiced when they received word of Lord Ye Qingyu's promotion. Si Yuan had been both surprised and overjoyed, then he felt as though he could finally lift his head up proudly again.

This was the day he had been waiting for.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon had already predicted what would happen next and issued a series of commands. Si Yuan personally led several guards to stand guard at the courtyard authoritatively. Soon after, countless representatives from the various Chambers of Commerce and consortiums swept in, their eyes bloodshot, as though they were sharks that had sniffed blood. The scene was predictably wild and they almost covered the entire representative station.

This scene was even more intense and crazy than when the Heaven Wasteland Building had first been established.

A faint smile danced on Si Yuan's face and he did not say anything else. He led his men to maintain order, and after they received the visiting cards from the guests and verified their identities, he let them into the hall, one at a time.

In the main meeting hall on the first level, Great Dragon Turtle Demon sat calmly on the top seat.

Adviser Xu and Registrar Liu sat to the left and right of him respectively.

A heap of accounting books was piled up on their tables as they welcomed the never-ending throng of the representatives from the various Chambers of Commerce with faint smiles on their faces.

These representatives all groveled and smiled fawningly as they rushed to speak over each other as they showed off their treasures.

"Hehe, my lords, this is a ten-thousand-year-old divine ginseng. It has the ability to consolidate one's foundation. This would be greatly beneficial to one's cultivation of the foundation. This is considered priceless within Heaven Connect City…" a chairman said with a sycophantic smile. His brows were like curved sabers, his eyes long and narrow, and his face square. He was dressed in a brown silk long robe and wore a leather skullcap. He bowed to Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others humbly, then continued to point at the golden gift boxes that the disciples behind him carried. "These are the Divine Jade Droplet Pills that are only found within Falcon City. They resemble a bright moon and each pill is full of goodness. It has the ability to immediately heal one's injuries and increase one's cultivation…"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 891:


Chapter 908 - Forgive And Forget


Those at the Heaven Wasteland Building heard similar words being said throughout the day.

The members of the representative station felt as though they could finally lift their heads up high after having to suffer through all the injustice over the past few days. They could finally let go of their resentment.

The officials at the representative station sat behind a large table, their expressions relaxed.

"Hahaha, Chairman Zhen Ming, we are honored by your presentation of such extravagant gifts. However, if my memory serves me correctly, didn't you personally call on the Heaven Wasteland Building two weeks ago to tear up the agreement we had with the Jing Yu Pavilion? You tore them all up. I still have with me the contract termination agreement that you handed me," Registrar Liu said calmly but he laughed to himself. He felt as great as if he had eaten an iced watermelon on the hottest summer day.

He held a silk book that recorded a list of the Chambers of Commerce and forces that had unilaterally terminated their agreements with the Heaven Wasteland Domain over the past couple of days.

The first name on the list was none other than the Jing Yu Pavilion.

"Hehe, Registrar Liu… this… this… this was a mistake on our part. Now is the time for the Heaven Wasteland Domain to rise rapidly and if… if we would be able to export our herbs to the Heaven Wasteland Domain, I'm sure it would greatly benefit the cultivations of the experts in the domain… As for why we broke the agreement a few days ago, we were forced into doing so…" Chairman Zhen Ming, who had been smiling warmly, suddenly looked a little embarrassed.

He hesitated for a moment, then he put on a forlorn expression as he continued, "Registrar Liu, Lord Liu… please listen to my explanation. The Dragon Human Race had cut the nineteen logistical supply chains of our herbs in half and we faced great losses almost overnight. We still had many families to feed, I… I was completely powerless against them and was forced to bend to their will… But, but I have always supported everyone here and at the Heaven Wasteland Domain. Otherwise, I would not have come the first instant I heard about Lord Ye Qingyu's promotion…"

Chairman Zhen Ming used his wide sleeves to dab the sweat off his forehead as he snuck a glance at Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others in an attempt to gauge their reactions. He was still slightly worried.

The herbs that the Jing Yu Pavilion exported were not ordinary medicinal herbs but were very rare and precious high-quality divine herbs that were highly effective to one's martial cultivation. Since they were a new domain, the martial artists in the Heaven Wasteland Domain were just like children learning how to walk, and this was the time where they needed to cultivate continuously, which meant that this was an extremely rare opportunity for the Jing Yu Pavilion. Most importantly, based on the information they heard earlier, many rare and extinct herbs in other domains could be found in large quantities in the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

He had put in a lot of effort to sign an exclusive agency agreement with the Heaven Wasteland Domain.

However, a few days ago, the Dragon Human Race was making things difficult for them and the public sentiment was extremely negative toward Heaven Wasteland Domain. Furthermore, the Dragon Human Race had even secretly destroyed their logistics chain, which caused them huge losses. In a fit of rage, Chairman Zhen Ming brought two servants with him to tear up the agreement contract in front of Registrar Liu.

Who would have expected that…

Chairman Zhen Ming sighed, consumed with regret.

"Oh? Is that so? I'm thankful for your kind intentions, but if I recall correctly, the Jing Yu Pavilion is not the only company that deals in high-quality divine herbs along the Road of Chaos, right? Thunder Pool Mountain seems like a pretty good option, too. My lord is more than happy to work with them."

Chairman Zhen Ming's face immediately changed at those words and his back broke out in cold sweat.

Thunder Pool Mountain was their direct rival in the marketplace, and as their nature of business was exactly the same, they had fought many times in the marketplace and were known to be fierce rivals. If the Heaven Wasteland Domain decided to work with Thunder Pool Mountain, the Jing Yu Pavilion would be weakened significantly. Then, their Chamber of Commerce would be doomed.

This was a hole, and it was a massive hole…

Yet, he was well aware that he no longer had any room to negotiate at this point in time. This was all his fault for following the crowd. Now, he would suffer greater losses.

He thought for a moment and steeled himself. Then, he said loudly, "I admit that I was wrong previously and I hope that Registrar Liu will let it go this time and give me a second chance. If the Heaven Wasteland Domain gives me a second chance and is willing to resume our three-year exclusive agency contract, I… we are willing to give the Heaven Wasteland Dynasty seventy… no, no... even eighty percent of our realized profits in the first two years."

"Wow!"

The moment he said those words, the dozen or so representatives of the various Chambers of Commerce, who were waiting along the corridor outside, burst into an uproar.

"Is that the price that he is willing to pay? He would be trading at loss…"

"This old man, Zhen Ming, is well-known for being stingy and has always been a canny and highly intelligent person. I can't believe he is willing to pay such a high price in order to beg for a chance to work with the Heaven Wasteland Domain."

"He is just suffering the consequences of his actions. If the Heaven Wasteland Domain signs an agreement with Thunder Pool Mountain, then he will be doomed. Therefore, even if he wouldn't be making a profit, he would still not give this chance to Thunder Pool Mountain…"

Registrar Liu was slightly taken aback by Chairman Zhen Ming's words.

He turned to look at Great Dragon Turtle Demon beside him.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon's expression was inscrutable and it was impossible to tell what he was thinking from his expression. A few moments later, as Chairman Zhen Ming looked almost imploringly at him, he finally spoke, "Chairman Zhen Ming, we understand what you mean. Please return and wait for news from us."

This was a clear request for him to leave.

As for whether they would continue their agreement or…

No one knew.

Chairman Zhen Ming smiled bitterly and his face was a picture of despair.

The dozen or so representatives of the various Chambers of Commerce and forces all looked at each other in dismay but did not dare to say anything else.

Chairman Zhen Ming did not dare to probe further. He gestured with his eyes and his disciples left the gifts with the Heaven Wasteland Building. Then he walked out with a smile.

Registrar Liu and Adviser Xu exchanged a glance and almost burst out laughing. Chairman Zhen Ming had been extremely arrogant when he walked in to destroy their agreement and treated them with such contempt. Now, he would have to live with the consequences of his actions.

At the moment, when the representatives of the various major Chambers of Commerce looked at Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others, it was as though the "lower domain peasants" who they had scoffed at these past few days had suddenly become the divine gods that held their fates in their hands. They could not help but worry when they noticed their relaxed and easy expressions.

A loud and friendly voice rang out from the corridor.

"Lord Dragon Turtle and the other lords of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, Ling Xiangqu requests an audience!"

Ling Xiangqu was the deputy manager of the Yuan Ming Chamber of Commerce as well as the officer-in-charge of handling external cooperative affairs.

Registrar Liu glanced at Great Dragon Turtle Demon and when he saw that Great Dragon Turtle Demon did not decline, he gestured for the guard to show Ling Xiangqu in.

The crowd parted.

Ling Xiangqu entered, his expression one of utmost remorse and regret.

The young disciple who had delivered the termination agreement also entered the main hall.

This young disciple was still wearing the grey long shirt that he had been wearing the last time he visited. Before anyone uttered a word, that disciple knelt on the floor with a loud thud and trembled in fright.

Ling Xiangqu took a few steps forward, and as everyone watched, he saluted with his hands clasped in front of his chest and said remorsefully, "My lords, I have come today to beg for forgiveness for our grievous mistake. I'm truly ashamed of what we have done. My stupid disciple is to blame for the destruction of our agreement, for he had visited the Heaven Wasteland Building on his own accord to terminate it. Neither myself nor the chairman was aware of what he had done… When we found out, we were enraged but we were too ashamed to pay the Heaven Wasteland Building another visit. Today... today, when we heard the news of Lord Ye Qingyu's promotion, this was great news for the Heaven Wasteland Domain, so we decided to bring this reckless disciple to beg for forgiveness in spite of our shame. We hope that because of his deep regret and remorse for his actions… that you will give us another chance."

Ling Xiangqu sounded extremely aggrieved and pained as he delivered his speech.

"Oh. So in other words, Manager Ling Xiangqu, do you think that we'll let this matter slide so easily?" Great Dragon Turtle Demon said evenly, with a faint smile.

"Uh… Uh… Lord Dragon Turtle, obviously, this isn't all. In order to show that we have sincerely reflected on our actions… I… I will maim this stupid disciple of mine to show our sincerity and our resolution!" A hidden force burst forth from Ling Xiangqu's palm even before he had finished speaking and hit the young disciple's thigh.

"Ah!"

A pitiful cry rang out.

The young disciple's legs broke with a loud crack and blood spurted from his wound, which seeped through his white-grey robes and flowed down along his clothes to stain the jadeite flooring.

After he screamed, the disciple noticed Ling Xiangqu's fierce glare and no longer dared to utter another sound.

He curled himself into a tight ball. His face was deathly pale and dripping with cold sweat, while his brows were knitted tightly together. He looked like he was trying to bear the intense pain and he whimpered, "Boo-hoo… Please spare me, my lords… I was provoked by someone that day… to destroy the agreement on my own accord. Lord Ling Xiangqu had already punished me severely… I won't dare to do such things again."

The representatives of the various Chambers of Commerce spoke in hushed whispers, their expressions complicated.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon, Registrar Liu, and Adviser Xu took in everything coldly and calmly. Even an idiot could tell that Ling Xiangqu had brought this disciple over to act out a bloody scene devised to induce sympathy.

They were hardly impressed by such bad acting.

By pushing the blame onto someone else and harming his own disciple, it showed that Ling Xiangqu did not feel a shred of remorse. Not only did he fail to gain their sympathy, but his actions had also filled Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others with an overwhelming sense of disgust.

Only an idiot would be willing to cooperate with such a person and such a Chamber of Commerce.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon looked at the blood that flowed from the young disciple and said flatly, "Sigh. The floor that we had wiped clean this morning is now dirty once again. It looks a little disgusting… Manager Ling Xiangqu, there is no way we would be able to work together again. May I trouble you to wipe this floor clean before you go?"

The mood immediately turned chilly with those words.

Ling Xiangqu's expression changed and he looked embarrassed.

His face alternated between turning pale and flushing red, and the corners of his lips twitched. He wanted to say a few words of flattery but when he saw their cold expressions, he was unable to rein in his anger and suddenly scoffed.

"Hehe… Lord Dragon Turtle, this is where you are wrong. As the saying goes, forgive and forget, you mustn't be too resolute in your business dealings. We are after long-term cooperation in the world of commerce, and minor conflicts like these are very common… The Heaven Wasteland Domain has only gotten a slight promotion and you're already so haughty and unreasonable. Isn't it a little too early to celebrate? I'd suggest that you stop putting on such a laughable act. Tell me, aren't you trying to gain something from this? Why don't you tell me upfront what it is that you are after?"

Ling Xiangqu's expression turned sinister.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 892:


Chapter 909 - The Difference Was Too Vast



"Oh? So if I understand Lord Ling Xiangqu correctly, are you saying that we are in the wrong?" Great Dragon Turtle Demon's eyes hardened and his voice turned cold.

Ling Xiangqu scoffed once more.

"This was not what I meant. In fact, I think that both parties were in the wrong this time and if we could reach a compromise, this would not affect our relationship at all. Haha. This is a small matter after all and we are all businessmen so why do we need to be so petty? If we could let this matter slide and have a bit of leeway in our dealings with each other, we would both benefit from it. Heaven Wasteland Domain might be rich in resources but there is still a lot of room for development. In fact, it is only a tiny new domain but it would only be able to truly develop if it opens itself up to the various forces and chambers of commerce. My lords, if you continue to be so haughty and refuse to let us off the hook for one minor mistake, this would affect our good relationship. Wouldn't this be detrimental to both of us? I doubt that you would be able to bear the repercussions if word of this reaches the ears of Empress Wuzhao."

After Ling Xiangqu said those words, he shot a meaningful glance at those representatives of the various chambers of commerce who continued to linger awkwardly in the main hall after Heaven Wasteland Domain rejected them.

Those few representatives' eyes lit up and they immediately agreed.

"Yes, exactly! My lords, we had been threatened and were forced against our will to terminate the contracts. Furthermore, we have already brought gifts to express our apologies and have shown Heaven Wasteland Domain due respect. Why can't you be more reasonable about this?"

"In the marketplace, everyone would have to know when to move forward and when to compromise. Your overbearing attitude would not benefit but cause harm to the future of Heaven Wasteland Domain! Don't go too far just because you have the upper hand for now."

"If we are to break ties because of your unreasonable attitude, the party who would stand to lose out most would ultimately be Heaven Wasteland Domain!"

"That's right. I doubt you would have the authority to preside over such major issues. Don't lose sight of the big picture over a small amount of satisfaction. When Empress Wuzhao of your domain flies into a rage because of this, I'm afraid you wouldn't be able to handle it."

"Exactly. Haha. Think carefully about it. It usually doesn't end well for those who act on impulses. If you want to continue surviving in the Vast Thousand Domains, sometimes it would be better for you to know when to compromise."

There was a sudden shift in power.

These rousing voices that carried hints of threatening tones were from the representatives of the various chambers of commerce who had just been begging for forgiveness earlier and were reluctant to leave after being rejected by Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others. Now, they were all pretending to be reasonable with fake smiles when in reality, they were forcing Heaven Wasteland Domain into submission.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the others' expressions changed slightly.

They were extremely disgusted by the behavior of Ling Xiangqu and these representatives of the various chambers of commerce. These people had probably colluded before they came to apply pressure on Heaven Wasteland Domain if their gift offerings and sycophantic apologies were not accepted.

They were joining forces to back Heaven Wasteland Domain into a corner.

If Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the rest gave in to the requests of these unscrupulous merchants, it would be a major humiliation not only to them but to the entire Heaven Wasteland Domain as well. Their domain would henceforth be known as a domain that could be easily bullied and they would also become the butt of people's jokes. However, if they continue to stand firm, Heaven Wasteland Domain might suffer some losses and if this unscrupulous alliance used underhand methods to spread malicious rumors, their reputation would suffer and this would greatly affect the future development of Heaven Wasteland Domain.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon did not expect these people to be so shameless and became a little hesitant.

Suddenly, silence fell upon the main hall.

The atmosphere became tense and mysterious.

Ling Xiangqu smiled coldly and he could not stop a proud look from spreading across his face. Everything was playing out according to his plan. He had already expected Great Dragon Turtle Demon and the rest to not budge, but these people to him were just like children who were just learning to walk. Did they really think that they could win against him? Haha, they were just asking to be humiliated. He had been in this business for so many years, visited countless domains and weathered through all kinds of crises. He would not be troubled over such a small issue.

Great Dragon Turtle Demon's face hardened and he was about to speak….

Just then—

"Oh, are you saying that we should forgive and forget?"

A cold and calm voice rang out that seemed to echo in everyone's ears. It wasn't extremely loud, but for some reason, when everyone heard this voice, a chill ran down their spines and they suddenly felt as though they should submit to this person.

The door at the stairway opened softly.

Countless pairs of eyes were drawn upwards.

They saw a handsome man clad in robes as white as jade and with black hair that flowed like a waterfall slowly descend from the stairs on the left stairway of the main hall. He walked steadily to the center of the main hall. His features were masculine and handsome, his black brows were as sharp as swords and he exuded an authoritative aura that could not be ignored. At that instant, everyone within the main hall felt as though a large stone was pressing against them, causing them to be unable to catch their breath.

The handsome young man came within ten steps of Ling Xiangqu and looked at him coldly, "But… you're not even worthy of being called a Human, so how are you expecting me to forgive you? Hm?"

Ling Xiangqu was stunned.

"Who are you? How dare you speak so impertinently?" He had not figured out the identity of this handsome young man.

The [Ice Sword Killing God], Ye Qingyu, had caused such a stir along the Road of Chaos and his name alone was enough to strike fear into the hearts of everybody. However, Ling Xiangqu had never seen Ye Qingyu in person and he looked slightly different compared to the portrait depicted on the formation hologram since his strength had surged recently. Thus, at the moment, Ling Xiangqu failed to connect this handsome young man to the [Ice Sword Killing God].

Great Dragon Turtle Demon, Registrar Liu and Adviser Xu were all pleasantly surprised and immediately rose to their feet to come up behind this handsome young man. Then, they bowed respectfully to him and said, "Greetings, Lord Ye Qingyu."

The handsome young man acknowledged their greeting with a wave of his hand.

The main hall fell completely silent.

This was when Ling Xiangqu suddenly realized who that handsome young man was.

Terror immediately filled his face.

This was the murderous killing machine – Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu's feats and achievements had spread wildly all across the entire Road of Chaos, so when people thought, saw or heard of Ye Qingyu, they would immediately think of a wild and lawless martial artist. Then, they would be instinctively struck with terror. Ling Xiangqu was no different.

He couldn't help but gulp.

The next moment, he talked himself into calming down.

Haha, so had the true master of the place finally shown up?

He deliberately stood upright and raised his head to meet Ye Qingyu's gaze to show that he was not afraid. He knew that he could not afford to show any signs of weakness right now. Nothing would change even if Ye Qingyu appeared since Ye Qingyu was only a young kid.
What would he be able to do to me? In any case, I'm not here to fight him but to negotiate business terms. Not all problems could be solved on martial arts skills alone, sometimes, the brains and strategies deployed are more important.

Furthermore, Ling Xiangqu could not hold back a fissure of excitement at the thought of backing Ye Qingyu into a corner.

"Who are you?" Ye Qingyu looked at him coldly as he threw Ling Xiangqu's earlier words back at him. "How dare you speak so impertinently?"

Ling Xiangqu shot him a small smile and replied, "I am the deputy manager of Tong Yuan Chamber of Commerce and I…."

He did not get to finish his sentence.

Ye Qingyu immediately lifted his hand and forced Liang Xiangqu to his knees with one smack.

A clear palm print appeared on Liang Xiangqu's face and half his face became as swollen as a pig. He knelt on the floor and it was some time before he could react. His shock and embarrassment overshadowed the pain he felt and he looked at Ye Qingyu bitterly as he bellowed in disbelief, "This Ye Qingyu fellow, you… have gone too far. How dare you attack me in front of everybody?"

The onlookers all burst into an uproar.

Those representatives of the various chambers of commerce who had supported Ling Xiangqu earlier felt cold sweat run down their backs. No one could have imagined that Ye Qingyu would have the audacity to hit someone in such a situation. After all, this was about business, not war. His actions were too violent.

Ye Qingyu looked disdainfully at Ling Xiangqu.

The clang of armor could then be heard.

Two white-robed divine guards who had been stationed in front of Heaven Wasteland Building entered the hall sternly. They drew their swords and their sword radiance pressed against Liang Xiangqu's back. Then, they stepped on him and said icily, "Your first offense is that you failed to greet the deputy spokesperson when you saw him. Then, you called him by his name; that is your second offense. It would be within his rights if the deputy spokesperson decides to kill an arrogant and rude person such as yourself. Admit your guilt now, or die!"

Ling Xiangqu finally realized how serious the situation was.

Damn it, he forgot that Ye Qingyu was now the deputy spokesperson of the Human Race.

He realized that he had committed a fatal mistake.

The deputy spokesperson of the Human Race was a high-ranking position, especially so for someone such as Ling Xiangqu who also belonged to the Human Race. He would have been obligated to bow respectfully when he met the deputy spokesperson but he had forgotten this point in a moment of carelessness. His opponent had immediately latched on to this point to attack and now, the blame was laid squarely on him and he had no room to maneuver.

He felt the sharp swords pressing against his back and did not doubt that these swords would immediately pierce through him if he dared to utter one more word. After all, those who held the swords were the true white-robed divine guards.

"Lord Ye Qingyu, please spare me… I was wrong, please spare me…" Ling Xiangqu fell to his knees, trembling. He had always thought that he cut a confident and self-assured figure in business negotiations but in the face of absolute power and authority, his confidence was immediately shredded to pieces. He knelt and bowed humbly on the floor, not even daring to raise his head.

"Greetings, Lord Deputy Spokesperson!"

"Greetings, Lord Ye Qingyu!"

"Please forgive us, we know that we were wrong."

Those representatives of the various chambers of commerce who had supported Ling Xiangqu earlier all knelt down together. The deputy spokesperson of any race was a high-ranking position and despite it being a nominal position, this was not someone that they as merchants could bully and plot against. As they recalled their earlier actions, these people were terrified that it was too late to beg for forgiveness and that this newly promoted lord would hold this incident against them.

Was Ye Qingyu truly a martial arts lunatic?

Was he truly a rash and evil demon who only knew how to fly into a murderous rage?

These were the questions running through Ling Xiangqu's mind. He realized that his knowledge of this new darling of the Alliance of Domains and the martial arts genius of the Human Race was far too shallow. He had overestimated his own strength this time.

In other words, he was completely powerless to fight against such a powerful figure. Ling Xiangqu could not help but pity himself when he recalled how conceited and arrogant his actions had been. He also pitied those representatives of the various chambers of commerce in the main hall who had supported him.

His plot today had been completely in vain.

The commercial alliance that was secretly formed to threatened Heaven Wasteland Domain was thus easily destroyed by Ye Qingyu in this direct and violent manner…. The difference in strength was just far too vast.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

