Chapter 1261:


Chapter 1275 - Headache

The Sky Emperor panted heavily as he laid in the pool of blood, tamping down his anger, and remained silent.

He was only working with these unparalleled sovereigns, but he was not their subordinate.

The fact that he had almost died by Ye Qingyu's hands was a great insult to him. He didn't feel grateful to these unparalleled sovereigns for saving him either, because he knew that these people would have abandoned him in a heartbeat if he no longer had any value to them.

They had only saved him to continue making use of him.

"You are as weak as a chick that has broken out of its shell..." The blurry figure seemed displeased with the Sky Emperor's current state and ruthlessly poured salt over his wound as he said, "I feel like we should reconsider our alliance. You don't seem to be of much worth in your current state. Frankly, Ye Qingyu is more useful than you and is even younger!"

This was a threat.

However, the Sky Emperor burst out laughing at the blurry figure's words.

"Yes, he's younger and even more powerful. He has almost taken over the entire Dark Realm and Vast Thousand Domains as well. I hate him so much that I would love to feast on his flesh, but even I have to admit that he would make a better pawn than I..." the Sky Emperor said with a laugh as he walked out from the pool of blood.

As the steaming hot blood rolled off his body, he looked both savage and terrifying, as though a killing god had just emerged from committing a horrific massacre.

He was unafraid and haughty, even when threatened by these unparalleled sovereigns; he did not show any sign of fear or willingness to compromise because of their mighty power and lofty statuses. He laughed maniacally and said, "Did you only notice this now? Go on then, why didn't you groom him instead?"

The blurry figure grew angry at the Sky Emperor's lack of respect toward him and said, "You're testing my patience. Don't you know that I could kill you in an instant if I wanted to?"

The Sky Emperor scoffed coldly.

A tense atmosphere hung in the air.

A while later, the blurry figure finally spoke and he sounded a lot kinder than before as he said, "As you know, since we've chosen you, we will continue to stand by you. You're the only person who fits what we're looking for and we've never stopped supporting you even though millions of years have passed. We've also had to pay a price for rescuing you this time. I've always been your strongest supporter all this time."

The Sky Emperor's face softened.

"I've already made up my mind and will accept the proposal you've put forth previously. I'll tear my heart and smash it, then use the weapon as my body. I will stop trying to achieve perfection by destroying my body," he said resolutely. "However, don't forget what you've promised me. I should get what I deserve and nothing less."

The blurry figure sounded satisfied as he replied, "Very well. That was a wise decision. I'm sure that the others will feel more reassured knowing that you've made this choice."

"Get rid of Ye Qingyu for me," the Sky Emperor said. "I no longer wish to take this risk."

"Uh... I can't promise you this at the moment. I'm sure you've also noticed that I wasn't able to kill him even after I attacked. There's a power within him that is comparable to ours," the blurry figure answered, while sounding hesitant.

"Do your best then," the Sky Emperor said.

The blurry figure gradually faded away.

His terrifying aura gradually disappeared as well.

The firmament that crashed down and the surrounding light that had twisted because of his presence returned to their normal states.

The Sky Emperor's face hardened ruthlessly.

"Haha, such pretty words. Hehe, I'm sure you would have abandoned me a long time ago, if it weren't for the fact that Ye Qingyu seems to be heavily linked to the Divine Light Emperor. Unfortunately, I'm the only person who would be able to help you today. So what if you're all unparalleled sovereigns? All of you are still forced to obediently comply with my demands... One day, after I get what I want, I swear I will slaughter every single one of you," he swore ruthlessly.

He might have betrayed the Divine Light Emperor back in the day, but he had only done so because their paths and ideals had diverged. He had complicated feelings toward the Divine Light Emperor and had never denied how outstanding and upright the Divine Light Emperor had been back then. However, he bitterly resented and hated these unparalleled sovereigns and looked at them with contempt.

Snow Capital, Heaven Wasteland Domain.

At the gardens of the imperial palace.

Sword light glittered like dazzling flowers in the sun.

Ye Qingyu sparred with Yu Xiaoxing; they displayed the [Green Apricot Swordplay].

It was one of those rare leisurely afternoons. Yu Xiaoxing had finished settling all the outstanding government affairs while Ye Qingyu had also taken time to be with her. A gentle breeze blew through the air, a fragrant scent from the flowers lingered, and they both felt unusually relaxed.

Yu Xiaoxing truly treasured and basked in this moment.

However, this was only a temporary reprieve since they both shouldered heavy responsibilities and had many things to attend to. After their sparring session, a maid served them two bowls of cool and sweet soup as dessert. Yu Xiaoxing had personally made the soup, having prepared it long beforehand.

Ye Qingyu dismissed the servants.

Then, they were the only ones left in the imperial gardens.

A warm breeze swept past and a romantic atmosphere bloomed in the air. Yu Xiaoxing's cheeks were stained with a faint blush.

Ye Qingyu froze for a moment and immediately realized that the Empress had mistaken his intentions. He had only dismissed the servants so that he could secretly tell her about the events in the Dark Realm. In particular, he wanted to let her know about the destructive catastrophe that was about to bring about a reincarnation of the current civilization. It was important for both the Heaven Wasteland Domain and the Vast Thousand Domains to begin with preparations in response.

He only hesitated for a short moment after Yu Xiaoxing fell into his arms, but he didn't push her away and allowed her to lean against his shoulder. Her beautiful dark locks dropped down like falling dark clouds and danced gently in the wind beside him.

The silence spoke louder than words.

Ye Qingyu finally shared his thoughts with her, thirty minutes later.

Yu Xiaoxing did not say anything. She merely looked at him tenderly as she listened intently to his words, like an obedient kitten curled up in his arms. It was hard to connect this woman with the decisive and authoritative Empress who ruled over millions. She would only show her girlish side in front of Ye Qingyu.

After Ye Qingyu finished speaking, Yu Xiaoxing smiled gently and said, "I'll definitely listen to your arrangements."

She didn't really care about the impending catastrophe or the threat it posed to their survival.

If she were to live, she wanted to live together with the man she loved.

If she were to die, she wanted to die together with the man she loved.

If they could face life and death together, then was there anything that they wouldn't be able to handle?

When he saw how much she loved him, he was filled with immense gratitude and tenderness, and he gently stroked her hair.

He left the imperial palace two hours later, then looked for Lan Tian immediately after he returned to the Light Palace.

Now that he had finished settling the rest of his affairs, he wanted to unravel the mysteries of the past and find out what exactly had happened during the battle of betrayal. He was certain that Lan Tian would know what had transpired back then.

In the Light Palace.

Lan Tian slowly approached him; Hon Kong and the mysterious tall and skinny expert followed behind.

"My lord, you were looking for me?" Lan Tian seemed to be in good spirits and his expression was calm. He no longer seemed as troubled as before and was very relaxed. His signature rakish and charming smile was back.

Ye Qingyu nodded and glanced at Hon Kong and the mysterious expert who stood behind Lan Tian.

He had not invited those two men.

Hon Kong smiled wryly and spread his hands wide in resignation, as he pointed at the mysterious expert behind him. He looked helpless and evidently, the mysterious expert had dragged him along to meet Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu nodded and understood what Hon Kong meant.

"Have a seat," Ye Qingyu said and pointed to the stone chairs in the hall. Then, he went straight to the point and said, "I'd like to find out about the ancient battle between the Sky Emperor and the Divine Light Emperor. Would you be able to tell me more about it?"

Lan Tian immediately smiled proudly.

"Sure," he said as he crossed his legs, looking as though he didn't have a care in the world. He had completely forgotten all about the troubles and concerns that had plagued him recently. He paused for a moment before he said, "It would be a complicated and long story, so why don't I let you see what happened?"

"Let me see?" Ye Qingyu repeated in confusion.

Lan Tian looked very pleased with himself as he smiled and said, "I might only be the Sky Emperor's physical body but I was once the body of a supreme Emperor; my body contains Dao principles and heaven's will is etched on me. Everything that happened back then has been etched on my body. I can open up my body to you, and now that you're a powerful Emperor yourself, you could use your Emperor spirit to peer into my body to find out what happened in the past. This would be more effective than me telling you the story."

Ye Qingyu froze for a moment before he looked admiringly at Lan Tian.

The fact that Lan Tian was willing to let him examine the Dao principles and carvings of law within his body showed that he had let down his guard and completely trusted him. When he recalled how the officials from the empire, instructors, and students had praised Lan Tian's actions after they fled Deer City, and the information he had collected about Lan Tian over the past few years, he couldn't help but admire this 'young man' who seemed irreverent and careless, but actually had to cope with a huge pressure and loneliness because of his identity.

"Very well. Many thanks," Ye Qingyu said.

If he could peer into the past and see what had transpired, it would be a great step to unraveling the mysteries and doubts he had. It might even prove to be a great help in understanding more about the impending catastrophe of the civilization's reincarnation. He instinctively sensed that this battle of betrayal had shaped history millions of years after the event.

However, the mysterious expert suddenly stood up and said, "Hold on."

Hon Kong smiled wryly as though he had expected this reaction.

Lan Tian did not speak but looked as though he wasn't bothered by this man's objection.

Ye Qingyu glanced at the mysterious expert.

"I swore to protect Lan Tian and the secrets within his body in front of the Divine Light Emperor," the mysterious tall and skinny expert said as he looked at Ye Qingyu. "No one other than the Divine Light Emperor will be able to obtain the secrets within Lan Tian's body, and this includes you. Therefore, I can't agree to this plan."

He looked determined and stared resolutely at Ye Qingyu, as though he would attack him if he even tried to peer into Lan Tian's body.

Ye Qingyu rubbed at his temples.

This was a headache.

If anyone else had said those words, he would have immediately overpowered that person and only returned to deal with the problem after he had finished looking at Lan Tian's secrets. However, this mysterious expert had once given him advice on his martial way and he even considered him as his 'teacher', so he couldn't use force against him.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1262:


Chapter 1276 - Millions of Years Ago

Ye Qingyu rubbed his hands over his brows in thought and soon, an idea came to him.

"If you're truly a bearer of the Divine Light Emperor's will, it is even more important for you to let me see the truth," Ye Qingyu stood up with a smile and continued, "I'm sure you have already found out about the history of Light City over the past few days, and even if you don't believe in the rumors, you would have been able to tell how powerful this city is. Doesn't the energy it exudes resemble the energy that had been present when the Divine Light Emperor ruled?"

"Uh..." The mysterious tall and skinny expert was caught by surprise and nodded before he knew it. "Indeed, the Light Palace should be a supreme treasure that the Divine Light Emperor left behind back in those days."

"As you know, I'm the current Lord of the Light Palace and have received the recognition of the spirits within it. The spiritual monkey that used to be the Divine Light Emperor's pet and all the divine generals have acknowledged me as their lord, so don't you think that I'm worthy of finding out the truth of those past events?"

"Uh..." the mysterious expert was left speechless.

He had not considered those factors before.

He had to admit that Ye Qingyu's words made sense. He was indeed worthy of knowing the truth since he was the current successor and Lord of the Light Palace.

Lan Tian shrugged and said, "Alright, stop being such a stickler for rules. Times have changed, so we'll need to change accordingly. It would be better for Lord Ye Qingyu to know the truth, since he's the only person who is able to defeat the Sky Emperor right now, wouldn't it?"

The mysterious expert looked at Lan Tian, then at Ye Qingyu. Then, he paused for a while before he finally turned and left.

The silence was his consent and Ye Qingyu let out a sigh of relief.

He had seen how obstinate that mysterious expert could be when he was still at White Deer Academy. In some ways, he was a man rooted to old traditions; Ye Qingyu was relieved that he had finally been convinced by his words.

Hon Kong had also let out a sigh of relief.

Naturally, he had supported Lan Tian's choice from the beginning.

"Alright, let's begin." Lan Tian dropped his irreverent act and sat cross-legged on the stone chair, as he slowly exerted his yuan qi to enter into an empty and meditative state. Then, he completely opened up his body and lowered his defenses.

Ye Qingyu slowly approached Lan Tian and at his mental command, his powerful consciousness power turned into a wisp of silver splendor that then disappeared between Lan Tian's eyebrows.

"Where am I?" Ye Qingyu examined his surroundings in confusion.

The moment his consciousness power tunneled between Lan Tian's eyebrows, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt a sense of vertigo, as though he had traveled back in time. After his senses returned to normal, he realized that he was in a flourishing world that was filled with life. The air was full of spiritual qi while the laws of the universe were extremely well-defined, but everything was tinged with an ancient aura.

This was a primitive world that was full of vitality.

He realized that he was standing in the void and when he looked down below, he could see thriving flora and fauna, many exotic herbs that could no longer be found in his world, and numerous towering trees that were now extinct stretching up to several hundred meters tall, akin to mountains. The river roared and it seemed boundless, while an endless, primordial and billowing wind swept toward him.

"This isn't the real world but I've been brought back to the primordial era dating back to millions of years ago. This is the world that existed millions of years ago, one that was etched onto Lan Tian's body and these are his memories!

He quickly figured out what was going on.

So this was how he was going to see the truth for himself.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Military drums could be heard from a faraway distance.

He was shocked.

These military drums sounded extremely similar to the drums that had sounded from the yellow mist, when the divine army on the walls of his [Cloud Top Cauldron] had battled against the Sky Emperor's armies. The rhythm of the drums was almost exactly alike with only a few minor changes to the notes.

He followed the sound of the drums and saw that a violent silver wave surged toward him like a falling waterfall up close. When he took a closer look, he saw that this silver wave was a surge of incredibly majestic silver warships that covered the heavens and were all linked together. Silver splendor circulated around each and every ship and at first glance; they seemed like an endless and majestic cluster of white clouds that floated upward.

These warships look so powerful and terrifying!
he thought to himself.

These warships seemed like a formidable force, moving forward like an endless stream. There were probably hundreds of thousands of them; every warship seemed many times bigger than any warship that he had seen in both the Vast Thousand Domains and the Dark Realm. They exuded an incredibly mighty aura that even a Martial Emperor would not want to come up against.

These hundreds and thousands of warships seemed like they could defeat any force in this world.

"Could... are these the battle divisions of the Divine Light Court from those times?" Ye Qingyu muttered as he started to make sense of things.

No other force in the world other than the Divine Light Court at its peak would be able to gather such a formidable battle force.

He was even more certain that these were part of the Divine Light Court after he saw the shape, color, and the style of the totem banners of those warships. Although this was millions of years ago, this style had always been distinctive.

He approached the fleet and landed on top of a warship.

A thousand soldiers from the Divine Light Court were on that warship; they were all Quasi-emperors while their leader was a formidable Martial Emperor of his time. He was handsome, heroic and extremely powerful. The power contained within a warship alone would be enough to defeat all the domains in the Vast Thousand Domains.

He noticed that none of the soldiers on the ship were able to detect his presence.

This was normal since he was peering into the past. He was merely looking at a hologram projection of the past and did not exist in the same time period as these people.

He stood on the warship and continued observing his surroundings.

Soon, he spotted the flagship of this fleet.

It was an extremely majestic and large warship.

The other white warships from the Divine Light Court were already several thousand meters long, but when placed next to this gigantic flagship, they seemed like tiny fish swimming next to a large shark. The flagship was a silver warship that was several ten thousand meters long and looked like a sword that had been drawn out of its scabbard. Its banner danced in the wind, its drums beat loudly and it sailed across the sky like a cloud. Several dozen powerful spheres of light were on this flagship; these were the most powerful men of their time.

Ye Qingyu rose into the air and landed on the flagship.

Seven or eight people had gathered around the flagship's bridge.

Those were the most powerful experts in their world; even a Martial Emperor of their time would feel insignificant when compared to them. They stood on the flagship's deck as though they were eight dazzling stars; the light that burst out of them was so bright that no one could look directly at them.

All of the soldiers and military officials around them looked at those seven or eight people with admiration.

But the person right in the middle of the group received the most adulation from the crew.

From the back, it seemed like everyone looked at this man like a cluster of stars surrounding the moon. This man was tall and burly, with broad shoulders but a tiny waist and long legs. He was clad in platinum light armor and a splendor that couldn't be expressed in words swirled all around him. He had a crop of short, black hair that was only an inch long and stood up as spikes on his head, like bright silver needles. His power drew everyone toward him like a bright lamp that was lit in the middle of an endless night, but no one could see the limits of his power. Even though Ye Qingyu knew that this image was merely part of Lan Tian's memories and that it wasn't real, his heart raced as he gradually approached this man. It was as though he was part of this timeline and that everything was happening right in front of him. This man seemed so very real and did not seem part of someone else's memories.

This man must be the Divine Light Emperor, right?

He immediately figured out the man's identity.

He drew close and finally arrived in front of these eight people.

The Divine Light Emperor's side profile was extremely good-looking; he was so handsome that he didn't seem real. His complexion, brows, facial features, and hair were all exceedingly perfect, as though a grandmaster had painstakingly drawn him on a canvas with a brush bit by bit.

He was handsome and his aura was unbelievably masculine and full of resolve.

No matter how he looked at him, this was still the most handsome face that Ye Qingyu had ever come across. There was such a beauty in his handsomeness that it seemed out of this world.

This man is perfect,
Ye Qingyu thought to himself.

Then, his gaze fell on someone who stood beside the Divine Light Emperor.

That young expert was clad in the same platinum armor. He looked like an exact clone of Lan Tian with his sky-blue long hair, a rakish smile, twinkling eyes, and the corners of his lips that were constantly turned upward.

This was none other than the Sky Emperor back in those days.

Ye Qingyu knew that the Sky Emperor had once been a general who was highly regarded by the Divine Light Emperor and had been entrusted with great responsibility. The Sky Emperor stood the closest to the Divine Light Emperor at that moment and his positioning seemed to suggest that he was the second-in-command; Ye Qingyu could tell that the Sky Emperor was indeed head and shoulders above everyone else, and only second to the Divine Light Emperor.

The other six men were all extremely powerful, but they were slightly weaker compared to the Sky Emperor. These were all the most powerful Martial Emperors of their time; their auras were so mighty that they were like blazing suns moving across the sky.

"Your Highness, Cloudy Clear Sea should be up ahead," the Sky Emperor said as he pointed toward the area covered in dense fog. "After we conquer Cloudy Clear Sea, the final sacred place of the foreign race, everything in this world will be under the governance of our Divine Light Court. From now on, anywhere the sun shines will be part of your land and every mouth that breathes will be of your people."

"That's right. We're just one step away."

"He he, we've defeated everyone in this world and have always emerged victorious. There's no other force that is as powerful as the Divine Light Court."

The other six men laughed and their faces filled with excitement at the thought of conquering another land. They were extremely confident of winning. Cloudy Clear Sea was not the most powerful sacred land and the foreign races that lived there were not the most frightening creatures, either. Now that they had experienced so many terrifying battles, to them, victory was within reach.

"I've heard that there is a Yinqing Sea Eye within Cloudy Clear Sea and whoever reverses this Sea Eye will be able to open up a time portal, to head into whatever time period he wishes to go to. I hope this rumor is true," the Divine Light Emperor said and there was an eagerness in his voice.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1263:


Chapter 1277 Unrest

With the power and prestige he had attained, there were only a few things or people left in that world that could move the Divine Light Emperor. When he mentioned the Yinqing Sea Eye, however, it was hard to conceal the warmth in his eyes.

Ye Qingyu felt very strange as he watched from one side.

All this while, Ye Qingyu vaguely believed that his own origin could very possibly have something to do with the Divine Light Emperor. At this moment, however, when he saw the true face of this legendary character up close for the first time, Ye Qingyu could not sense anything out of the ordinary. It was as if he was looking at a completely unrelated stranger; he could not sense the emotion of having met one of your kin.

"The Yinqing Sea Eye is just but a myth. Most likely people used it to cover up more falsehoods. Why would you be so obsessed with it, your Majesty?" the Sky Emperor grinned as he spoke.

However, as an observer, Ye Qingyu could acutely sense that the Sky Emperor's expression changed slightly when the Divine Light Emperor spoke about the Yinqing Sea Eye, as if he were a little disappointed.

"If the Yinqing Sea Eye truly exists, who knows, I could possibly return home," lamented the Divine Light Emperor in a tone that no one else could comprehend.

Ye Qingyu felt even stranger as he heard this.

At his current level of cultivation and position, the Divine Light Emperor could go anywhere he wanted. Why was he unable to return home then?

Where was his home exactly?

Could it be... that he's not from this world at all?

The Sky Emperor's smile spread wider when he heard this, but there was a minute splendor in the deep recesses of his eyes that was vaguely glinting. "A great land is right in front of you for the taking, your Majesty. Anywhere your sword points to will become your territory, and anywhere can be your home. Why would you be so caught up with something that happened so long ago, your Majesty?"

He was trying his best to stop the Divine Light Emperor from thinking about some things.

The other six experts also did not know what to tell him.

The Divine Light Emperor treated them like his own relatives, but his authority was supreme. Only the Sky Emperor could speak about certain issues at certain times; the others could not.

"It was never my intention to destroy my lands. Even if I obtained the rest of the world, nothing could compare to a piece of my old home," the Divine Light Emperor said faintly before twisting his head to look at the Sky Emperor. "You've never left your hometown before. You were born into this world without any troubles. This world is your home, and you can make yourself at home anywhere you go to. As such, you'll never be able to understand how I feel," he said with a smile.

The Sky Emperor looked as though he was arguing strongly for what was right. "You're mistaken, your Majesty. Even though you're not from this place, you've been in this world for many long years now. You've already gathered such a loyal group of subordinates and friends. Everyone knows about your name, and you have so many brothers that would brave any danger, drink with you and face death together with you. Are you telling me that you still can't treat this place as your home after so long? If you returned to your hometown, what about the great Divine Light Court? Should it splinter off after your departure then?"

"Everyone has to face his or her own fate, and the same goes for the Divine Light Court," the Divine Light Emperor replied with a grin, seemingly not very concerned with the Sky Emperor's emotional response. "The dominance of the Divine Light Court cannot continue to be my burden, nor can it continue to be all of yours. Eventually, you and I will die, and our ambitions will have to be passed on to our descendants."

The tone of the Sky Emperor, who was already standing at the peak of his peers, was unexpectedly sanguine.

"Who says it's impossible? You've already united the world and are able to lead us to disentangle the bonds of eternity. It's not impossible that you can decide the fate of this epoch. Why don't you try, your Majesty?" the Sky Emperor asked. He gradually grew more agitated as he continued speaking, "You're always thinking about your hometown, your Majesty. Why don't you spare a thought for your brothers, who've been through thick and thin with you?"

The six great experts around them hurriedly tried to persuade the Divine Light Emperor as they heard the Sky Emperor's words.

These kinds of arguments had happened in the past. It was also due to that reason that there were a few unpleasant incidents between the Sky Emperor and the Divine Light Emperor.

The Divine Light Emperor chose to remain silent. He shook his head gently and sighed.

"The world was eventful during my days, and I spent most of my life in the Jianghu. New events keep coming, and new people keep appearing. Nothing would be better than being drunk everyday of my life!"

He hummed softly.

It was a poem from his hometown which described his current feelings very well.

When he first stepped into this world, he had felt lost, then the insane joy when he gained some progress in his cultivation. What followed next was the pleasure when he traversed the Jianghu and righted wrongs with his martial prowess, and his progress to be a figure of authority in the surrounding lands. He then created a peerless divine court which was powerful enough to suppress the heavens and felt the loneliness of having no match. The more he felt lonely, the more he began to think about the past and recollect those memories that he thought were lost forever. It was as if a thick layer of dust obscuring a set of old photographs had been blown away by the wind, causing the images to be clearly visible again.

He wanted to return.

He felt the increasing urge to return.

He wanted to return to that far away world, back to his parents. He wanted to see them smile again, he wanted to see his friends play pranks again, and he wanted to see if the girl from the neighboring class still had that bright smile which drew countless boys to sneak past her class to peek at her...

Such thoughts became increasingly urgent to him.

He felt as if everything that he went through in that world were a dream, and that he was going to wake up from it soon. It was as though he was in a game that was about to end soon...

Of course, he could not voice these thoughts out.

Especially in front of all his subordinates.

One's thoughts and actions are frequently affected by the position one was in. The higher ranked one was, the more one had to consider how the rise to power came to be with the help of all those around. In such situations, one's actions, will and words represented everyone's best interests. As such, the Divine Light Emperor understood the thoughts of the Sky Emperor very well. The Sky Emperor had always been the one who spoke the most directly and without fear to him, out of all the other subordinates.

The face of Ye Qingyu was extremely strange.

Because, he had "seen" through all of the Divine Light Emperor's inner thoughts just now. It was an extremely strange feeling; they were obviously the secret thoughts of the Emperor, but somehow Ye Qingyu managed to know about them, as if he had suddenly gained the ability to read minds.

Could it be that the thoughts of the Divine Light Emperor were carved in Lan Tian's body as well?

Ye Qingyu thought as he continued to observe calmly.

The Sky Emperor's expression grew calmer after being consoled by his peers. He sighed and stood quietly to the side. His face looked a little downcast, and it was lowered.

"I'm to blame for all that. I've already given you so many chances to conquer the Cloudy Clear Sea, but I never thought that you would still be thinking about returning to your home town... all of your thoughts are about leaving this place, and you want to forsake all those who have followed you loyally, as well as our belief and honor. You betrayed us first!"

The Sky Emperor thought secretly as he looked at the Divine Light Emperor beside him.

Both of their thoughts were "seen" clearly by Ye Qingyu.

"Could it be that I can see through everyone's thoughts?"

Ye Qingyu felt strange.

Earlier on, he thought that he could only see the Divine Light Emperor's thoughts, but he never expected that he would be able to see the Sky Emperor's ones as well. It was an extremely strange feeling for him.

He tried to "see" the feelings of the others, but he could not.

It's very easy to explain why I can hear the
Sky Emperor
's thoughts; after all, they belong to Lan Tian. But it's strange that I can hear those belonging to the Divine Light Emperor... why is this possible?

Ye Qingyu thought as he continued to observe.

He could slightly understand now why the Sky Emperor had appeared to be enraged when he saw the Divine Monkey, and why the betrayal he kept talking about was different from his actual beliefs. It was because the Divine Light Emperor had thought about leaving when he was at the height of his powers, having lost all interest in achieving hegemony. It caused the Sky Emperor—who was obsessed with power and wanted the Divine Light Emperor to lead him from the cycle of reincarnation, so that they could attain immortality—to be enraged. Such conflict could not have appeared because of a single incident. Rather, it was the accumulation of feelings over a prolonged period of time.

As a person who had passed through time and space, Ye Qingyu was naturally unable to change anything. He could only sit and watch from one side.

Very quickly, the Cloudy Clear Sea appeared in the horizon.

An ocean of gold and grey covered with a blackish-white mist appeared in front of him. It was a wonderful sight that he had never experienced before. The sea, which stretched for a radius of five hundred kilometers, was divided in two by an invisible line. It looked grey and chaotic on one side, while it was gold and splendid on the other. It looked like a combination of a gloomy zone and a bright one, truly living up to its name.

This sight was similar to a dissimilated place of Yin and Yang.

Countless vessels of varying sizes appeared on the vast ocean, and floated on the cloudy and clear waters. Ranks of natives stood on the boats. They seemed to be of weird shapes, as if they were the ancestors of the Sea Tribe. They looked as though they were facing off against a great foe and had appeared in huge numbers. The vessels were stacked closely to each other, and a solemn and tragic air covered the Cloudy Clear Sea tribe, as they understood what kind of force they were up against.

The war drums sounded.

The battle began.

Blood dyed the Cloudy Clear Sea red.

Sounds of battle filled the air and shook the earth.

The Sea Tribe gave out a collective roar of despair, as the Wave Master stirred up the boundless ocean, causing a tsunami thousands of meters high to sweep toward the Divine Light Court Army. It was suppressed by the Light Power of the Light Sorcerers, however.

"Never surrender. We'd rather die than become slaves," the Cloudy Clear Sea King roared angrily.

The royal clan of the Cloudy Clear Sea kept throwing themselves at the experts in the Army of Light without a care for their own lives, as if they had lost their minds.

The top level experts on the Divine Light Court's flagship, including the Emperors and the Sky Emperor himself, had not made any move at all. There was no need to; their army was strong enough to crush the Cloudy Clear Sea Tribe. The strength of the court was not fake. It was earned after countless battles and deaths, having been refined and proven by blood and fire.

A look of pity appeared on the Divine Light Emperor, who was so handsome he seemed almost demonic.

He swept his gaze across the sea of killing, feeling somewhat disgusted and overwhelmed.

He did not know when he had begun to lose interest in such scenes.

The Sky Emperor, on the other hand, looked extremely emotional and excited. He was completely engrossed in the grandiose scene of conquest before him, enjoying the howls and struggles right below him.

The resistance of the Cloudy Clear Sea lasted for less than half a day.

By then, the Army of Light had infiltrated the bowels of the tribe.

"Surrender, give up the idea of resisting. The Cloudy Clear Sea will still remain autonomous if you do so," the Divine Light Emperor said and sighed.

The Cloudy Clear Sea King roared, bearing an expression of hatred. "You killed the sacred son and divine daughter of our tribe first, then issued a Sky Emperor's Order to declare us as slaves before slaughtering our warriors. Even the endless supply of sea water here will be unable to wash away our hatred. You're... unworthy of the 'Divine Light' Emperor title."

"Huh?" the Divine Light Emperor looked strange as he continued, "When did I kill the sacred son and divine daughter of your tribe, and when did I order your people to be enslaved?"

"It's pointless to talk further. Kill all of them and destroy the Cloudy Clear Sea Tribe," the Sky Emperor laughed coldly. "Those who defy the Divine Light Court... shall all be slain!"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1264:


Chapter 1278 - Trouble Was Brewing

The Divine Light Emperor sighed.

Even a fool could tell by this point in time that the Sky Emperor was behind all these.

The army of the Divine Light Court had only traversed the distance and launched an expedition against Cloudy Clear Sea, even though the Divine Light Emperor was already tired of battles, because he had wanted to find his way back by using the Yinqing Sea Eye. However, this was only a small part of why they were launching a battle against the Cloudy Clear Sea. With his current status and authority, he could have negotiated with the Cloudy Clear Sea tribe to use the Yinqing Sea Eye. The true reason behind this expedition was because the Cloudy Clear Sea tribe had killed the envoy carrying the mandate from the Divine Light Emperor, one to open negotiations regarding the use of the Yinqing Sea Eye and had only spared one soldier to return and report this news. The rest of the envoy's retinue had been ruthlessly killed by the Cloudy Clear Sea tribe. The Divine Light Emperor was so livid that he decided to personally lead the troops.

The Divine Light Emperor immediately realized that this was all part of the Sky Emperor's plan. As for the members of the envoy mission, they were probably killed by the Sky Emperor and not by the Cloudy Clear Sea tribe.

This had happened many times before.

The Divine Light Emperor had been 'persuaded' and urged by the Sky Emperor on many occasions to complete expeditions against foreign races.

This time though, the Sky Emperor was a lot more violent and ruthless as compared to the previous times and he seemed even more unscrupulous than ever.

The Cloudy Clear Sea tribe would definitely not make up lies when they were about to die.

"Why did you do that?" the Divine Light Emperor said as he looked at the Sky Emperor in surprise. The Sky Emperor was not at the stage nor powerful enough to escape the detection of his keen divine sense, yet, he had failed to gain any advance knowledge of this matter, so it was obvious that the Sky Emperor had employed some method to block out his divine sense. However, what had he used or what force was there in this world that had the ability to pull this off?

All sorts of possibilities ran through the Divine Light Emperor's mind.

"I'm helping you and at the same time, I'm also helping all of us," the Sky Emperor said nonchalantly as he looked at the Divine Light Emperor.

The Divine Light Emperor shook his head and said, "I guess I've failed to discipline you for far too long. You have taken countless lives from the Cloudy Clear Sea tribe as well as your comrades from the silver warships of the Divine Light Court. You should reflect deeply on your actions this time."

"Haha, hahaha!" the Sky Emperor chuckled as though he had just been told a joke. "Lives? Do you even know what it means to feel compassion toward these lives? When you conquered every part of this world, you left a river of blood and a mountain of corpses in your wake to get to where you are today. You have slaughtered and massacred so many others; why didn't you know how to treasure the lives of those you killed back then? Why didn't you feel any compassion toward the lives you had taken? Your hands are now completely stained with the blood of countless lifeforms, so how dare you try to act all high and mighty in front of me?"

The other divine generals paled at his words.

The Sky Emperor had always been bold in his words and actions, having gone against the Divine Light Emperor's wishes on many occasions, but he had always acted within certain limits. This time, his words were extremely harsh and he was obviously challenging the Divine Light Emperor's authority. Several others quickly spoke and tried to convince the Sky Emperor to calm down and apologize, trying to diffuse the tension.

The Sky Emperor merely scoffed and said, "Was I wrong? Has he spared any thought toward his comrades who risked their lives time and time again to battle for him? He is clearly betraying us."

The Sky Emperor refused to back down.

"Suppress!"

The Divine Light Emperor did not say much and as he raised his hand, a large light formation seal fell from the sky and crushed down toward the Sky Emperor.

This formation seal was so powerful that the Sky Emperor could not resist it.

However, a blurry figure appeared behind the Divine Light Emperor and raised his fist. Then, booming Dao sounds stopped the formation seal in its tracks and ultimately shredded it into pieces.

"Who was it?"

"What was that?"

Everyone around them exclaimed in shock.

Trouble was brewing close at hand. How was it possible that a blurry figure who had appeared from nowhere had managed to block his attack?

A mysterious energy spread across the area with the Sky Emperor at its center. The blurry figure behind him gave off an ancient and far-reaching presence; his appearance was very hazy as he flickered like a phantom. However, he gave off a frightening chaotic aura that made him seem like a fiendgod that had appeared from nowhere. His aura was surprisingly comparable to the Divine Light Emperor's.

The soldiers and divine generals on the warship immediately spread apart and surrounded the Divine Light Emperor.

"I see you're acting under someone else's orders; no wonder you're so confident," the Divine Light Emperor said. He didn't seem surprised by this revelation and divine light circulated in his eyes, then shot out like two divine swords that pierced through the void and stabbed at that person. "Who are you? Which time period do you belong to? Are you not afraid of being attacked by the power of laws since you've defied them to come here?" he asked.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Metallic sword light suddenly flashed in the void.

The piercing light beams from the Divine Light Emperor's eyes stabbed at the blurry figure's surroundings; there was a piercing sound that was akin to real metallic weapons clashing against each other.

"Hahahaha... I guess you've already discovered our presence," the blurry figure said. His voice sounded far away and indistinct, as though he was not of this world. "Unfortunately, it is too late. The Cloudy Clear Sea will be your final resting place."

"All of you are just monsters and demons from another timeline, so how could you hope to meddle in the events of this era?" the Divine Light Emperor said calmly. "If you've overstretched yourselves, then you must be prepared for your arms to be hacked off."

"Unfortunately, your sword is not sharp enough, so you wouldn't be able to do that," the blurry figure retorted. His aura drifted in and out in a very strange manner.

The soldiers from the Divine Light Court could all see this blurry figure with their own eyes, but they were unable to sense his presence.

Gradual changes were taking place in the Sky Emperor's body as this blurry figure shrouded him. He started to exude an aura that was starkly different from the martial way that he had been cultivating. His light dimmed and turned black while his dazzling light armor was gradually enveloped by the corrosive dark aura. His silver body darkened and a splendor that resembled a sea of blood circulated in his eyes. He opened his mouth and inhaled deeply; he sucked in the dark aura from the blurry figure behind him bit by bit.

"It's not too late to turn back now," the Divine Light Emperor said as he looked at the Sky Emperor.

He was someone who treasured the relationships he had formed, so even under such circumstances, he wasn't willing to give up on the Sky Emperor; to watch this talented man who was both a subordinate and a friend descend into the dark side.

The Sky Emperor's blood-red eyes were filled with a madly hot aura as he said, "I will use my actions to prove that your ideals are wrong."

The Divine Light Emperor sighed and said, "Very well. I guess I'll have to capture you first before you can slowly reflect upon your actions... [Sword of Divine Light]! Slash!" He raised his hand and a layer of bright light formation ripples appeared in his hand before they quickly spread outward like a turntable, drawing upon millions of mysteries and secrets before a dazzling silver longsword gradually formed from these ripples, as though it had gathered all the brightest energy in the world to it.

He shook his palm and the [Sword of Divine Light] stopped for the slightest moment before it turned into a flowing light and shot out.

Swish!

Clink!

The sword howled across the sky and soon, a metallic clash sounded.

A grey light shield appeared in front of the Sky Emperor and death qi swirled within it. It was a thin shield but it managed to block the terrifying attack of the [Divine Light Sword].

"Haha, as I said earlier, your sword is not sharp enough. It can't... ah!" the blurry figure said mockingly but an unexpected change occurred before he could finish his sentence.

The [Sword of Divine Light] that had been blocked earlier suddenly vibrated; millions of light glimmers appeared from the tip of the sword that had drawn on millions of mysteries. Then, the grey light shield shattered as though a divine will had cut through it and the sword blade quickly slashed out, quick as lightning. The grey figure was caught off guard and was slashed thousands of times by the blade. By the time the blurry figure wanted to counterattack, his figure had already been slashed into thousands of shards. Then, he let out an angry and surprised cry before he faded away.

The [Sword of Divine Light] transformed into millions of light formation seals that danced across the sky like butterflies or swallows, before landing on the Sky Emperor's body, covering every part of his blackened body.

There was a huge flash of light as the power of the seal took effect.

"Come back with me and get rid of these demonic thoughts under the Destruction Cliff of the Divine Court," the Divine Light Emperor stretched out his hand and his light energy transformed into a palm in the void, which then stretched out to grab at the Sky Emperor.

"Cackle cackle... cackle cackle cackle..." the Sky Emperor did not try to dodge, nor showed any signs of attacking as he stood calmly on the spot and laughed strangely. His chuckles sounded as piercing as the howls of ghosts and night owls and his blood-red eyes glinted with a mocking and icy mirth as he stared at the Divine Light Emperor.

A frightening energy pulsed out from his body once again, just before the palm of light caught him.

The blurry figure reappeared.

No, he didn't just reappear.

This time, he was accompanied by six or seven figures who showed up all of a sudden behind the Sky Emperor.

Boom!

The palm of light was destroyed.

"Do you understand what I mean now?" the Sky Emperor said with a cold laugh. "Just like yourself, I would never do something unless I was absolutely sure of success."

A terrifying energy started to move across the universe.

Waves of destructive energy burst forth from the seven blurry figures who had just appeared. At first, this energy encompassed an area of several hundred kilometers before it expanded to several thousand kilometers, turning the laws of space and tides of strength into a chaotic mess. As this destructive energy spread, countless lucky survivors of the Cloudy Clear Sea tribe turned into dust, the ocean evaporated into steam, and the large warship started to plummet... It looked like the end of the world had come; even the powerful soldiers from the Divine Light Court found it hard to breathe.

"How... how could you use yourself as a conduit to open the gates of a different time to allow these fiendgods to enter? Do you even know what the consequences of your actions are?" the Divine Light Emperor asked as shock and anger finally appeared on his face.

He was the only person who was powerful enough to vaguely detect the presence of these sovereign fiendgods from another timeline, and the only person who could sense how dangerous they were. This was the main reason why he had decided to put a halt to this expedition. He hadn't expected the Sky Emperor to do such a thing. He had thought that the Sky Emperor had only chosen to do such a thing because he desired more power, yearned to live for eternity, and longed for more authority. But now he could see that his assumption was wrong. The Sky Emperor's ambition and ultimate goals were a lot larger than he had initially expected.

"Of course I do," the Sky Emperor said with a laugh. "Since you're so reluctant to lead us on my quest and transcend to eternity, then I'll do it myself. I want you to know that I can do without you to achieve my missions and that not all goals have to be accomplished under your leadership."

"[Wings of Light]!"

The Divine Light Emperor shot into the sky and a pair of large swords of light turned into wings, instantly appearing on his back.

The color of the sky changed as he fanned his wings.

He started to unleash his true power.

"Since all of you have dared to show yourselves, I'll crush you here, right in this very era," he said and his voice echoed majestically like a king issuing an edict.

Ye Qingyu stood on the warship that was starting to plummet and watched all of this unfold.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

