Chapter 81:


Chapter 81 – The Last Risk

“It seems like the things recorded down on that booklet was not wrong in the slightest.”

Ye Qingyu’s heart became increasingly curious towards the contents of the booklet that the old guy had left behind. Within were many information that even the elders specializing in studying the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] did not know. But right now, this information was proven to be real and correct. The value of the booklet absolutely exceeded his initial estimates.

After collecting all the blood of the [Flame Devil Beast], Ye Qingyu sat cross legged on a giant black boulder, recovering. Activating his yuan qi, he used it to restore his body’s injuries.

The scarlet red brands imprinted upon his skin were like mysterious natural runes, each around the size of a tadpole. As the inner yuan flowed through it, it constantly flickered as if they were alive. Ye Qingyu could distinctly sense that as the tadpole-sized runes flashed on his skin, a scorching and burning power coursed through him.

As Ye Qingyu activated the nameless breathing technique, these scarlet red runes the size of a tadpole, gradually faded and eventually completely disappeared from his skin. But the strange flame-like power, at the time when Ye Qingyu struck out with his fist, still remained.

One hour later.

Ye Qingyu stood up.

The eyebrows that had been burned off by the blood of the [Flame Devil Beast] had already grown back. And as for his scorched off hair, it had already grown back to a length of around the width of two fingers. After entering the Spirit spring stage, one would enter the realm of a Xiantian life from. In such a stage where inner yuan could be activated to treat his injuries, the recovery of one’s body was much faster than normal. After around ten days of time, the length of his hair should grow back to its original length.

“I wonder how the situation in the three canyon roads are going?”

Ye Qingyu willed his mind and through the [Sentry Guard], observed the state on the three battlefields.

After a short period of time he jumped out, soaring away like lightning. Exiting from the pitch black valley, he galloped towards the Northern battlefield.

Within the pitch black valley, the gigantic corpse of the [Flame Devil Beast] had gradually disappeared and transformed into a huge boulder. According to the formation laws of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], not long afterwards, a new [Flame Devil Beast] would be born and become the new ruler of this place. But this already had nothing to Ye Qingyu and the others anymore.

…… ……

White Deer Academy.

In the center of the first year practice grounds, underneath the ranking stone mirror.

The cheers continued on, wave after wave.

As opposed to the lifeless atmosphere enveloped with despair, the grounds had now transformed into a joyous ocean of people. White Deer Academy had lost the previous three rounds consecutively, with signs that it would be completely crushed. In the fourth round everyone had just hoped for a little pleasant surprise. But no one would have thought that as time gradually passed, the development of the situation gradually made the students realize that they had the possibility of victory!

On the ranking stone mirror, another new change appeared.

Lin Nuo and Zheng Kai once again died in battle.

And the person who did not even appear once so far, the Azure Phoenix student Ding Liyou had also died once.

Next to Ye Qingyu’s name, his kill count had already become seven.

This represented that within this [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], Ye Qingyu had already became an existence like that of the Death God, ruling over all and becoming an invincible presence on this battlefield. Not only did he kill each of the five representatives of the Azure Phoenix students once each, he also managed to kill Lin Nuo and Zheng Kai twice over.

Seven consecutive kills!

This was something that even the Great Demon King Blue Sky did not manage to achieve previously.

Although they were not able to spectate what exactly occurred within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], but only through a slight imagination, they could discern what had occurred. They were able to picture the image of Demon King Ye, his figure like that of lightning and hurricane. Every ten steps he killed a person, not leaving any traces of his presence in a thousand kilometers,* this kind of heroic and valiant posture. Every White Deer student felt excitement, a hard to control excitement. It was as if the person obtaining such an earth shattering victory was they themselves.

“Quickly look, there’s another new change on the ranking stone mirror…”

“Really? Ahahaha, naturally, Demon King Ye does not disappoint us. He has killed another person… Du Sha has died once again. Hahaha, delightful, this is really delightful!”

“Isn’t it eight consecutive kills?”

“I don’t care anymore. From now on, if anyone is to speak bad of the Demon King Ye in front of me, then I will definitely fight him over it.” A noble student was so animated that he had forgotten himself, rolling up his sleeves and loudly shouting.

Every White Deer student stared fixedly at the ranking stone mirror, not letting any change that occurred pass through their notice.

“Eh? Xia Houwu has died in battle yet again…”

“This… his three chances of resurrection will all be used up now?”

“Haha, I’ve long said, that Xia Houwu’s strength is not up to standards for this competition. At the start, he was not able to enter the list of ten. This time, I don’t know how or why he was able to obtain a place to enter the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield]. This is really too embarrassing and shameful – if it was me, then I would forego my place and give it to someone that actually possesses true strength.”

“After entering the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], there is not only fights, but also various types of fortuitous encounters. You can harvest spirit herbs and precious medicines, and you are also able to obtain the yuan qi reward left behind by the Formation Emperor Luoso. This can be counted as something extremely beneficial for the participant so the Xia Hou family paid a huge price and managed to allow Xia Houwu to enter…”

From within the excited crowd, different analysis and explanation were made for every change of the stone mirror.

Some people became heroes.

Some people became cowards.

In this stark contrast and comparison, the success of the victors and the defeat of the losers were even more evident.

“Quickly look, another change has occurred on the stone mirror… Haha, that Ding Liyou has been killed yet again… This time, eh, the little loli Song Xiaojun managed to obtain a kill, what happened? Could the strength of this Ding Liyou really be this weak?”

“Song Xiaojun was able to obtain a kill. She is the third person from the White Deer Academy able to kill the Azure Phoenix students.”

“Hahaha, this is too great. I feel like in this very round we will be able to prevail and win.”

“You little brat shut your mouth, we have to preserve our character and must not become someone who has made an inauspicious remark…”

The students of White Deer Academy were both excited but conflicted at the same time. If this round had progressed exactly the same as the previous rounds, and from the start they had been completely suppressed, then the crowd would not have any expectations whatsoever. But when suddenly faced with hope, everyone began to worry that some unexpected incident would occur that would take this hope away from them.

……

[Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

The battlefield at the North path.

“Thank you brother Qingyu…” The little loli Song Xiaojun jumped up and down excitedly.

With Ye Qingyu’s aid, she had managed to obtain a kill and receive the reward of the battlefield.

The formation corpse of Ding Liyou was felled several meters away.

With the cooperation of Song Xiaojun and Ye Qingyu, she surprisingly managed to kill Ding Liyou.

This Azure Phoenix student walked a similar martial path to hidden assassination, so he previously had hidden himself and did not come out. Previously, this person had not appeared in either of the three battlefields, but rather hid and prepared himself to assassinate someone. The assassination technique of this person was absolutely penetrative, erasing all traces of his presence. The moment he appeared from beside you represented the arrival of your death.

It was a pity that through the [Sentry Guard], Ye Qingyu was able to discover traces of his movement.

The prepared person met the unprepared person, so therefore Ding Liyou was killed once again.

The previous time that he was killed, was when he had wanted to eliminate Ye Qingyu from the shadows —– in reality, he really did manage to heavily injure Ye Qingyu in their first moment of contact. This was the first time that Ye Qingyu had managed to obtain such a heavy wound since entering the Boundary canyon battlefield. But when comparing direct battle power, Ding Liyou could not even match Qin Wushuang and the others. In the end, he was defeated by the moves of the golden armoured King.

And at this time, everyone had fought for a total of two days and one night within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

The five representatives of the Azure Phoenix Academy, Lin Nuo, Zheng Kai, Du Sha, Ding Liyou each of them had died twice already, leaving them on their last chance. And the person with the greatest strength, Xu Ge, still had two opportunities remaining. But Ye Qingyu did not give them a chance to directly fight with him. Using the [Sentry Guards], he continuously discovered their location and movements, ambushing and killing them. The situation had already turned extremely unfavourable for the Azure Phoenix Academy.

On the battlefield of the Northern path.

“Continue following my previous instructions. Control the lines of soldiers and maintain such a position.”

Ye Qingyu left behind this phrase and once again entered into the desolate wilderness.

Because of the appearance of the [Sentry Guard], the development of this competition proceeded along extremely smoothly. If things continued on at such a rate, at the most in a day’s time, Ye Qingyu would be able to kill each of the geniuses of the Azure Phoenix Academy three times each. After these haughty geniuses were forcibly ejected from the battlefield, there was no longer a need to destroy the headquarters of the demon rune soldiers for White Deer Academy to obtain the final victory.

But Ye Qingyu did not wish for the battle to end so quickly.

Because he still needed to acquire two more important opportunities within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

Ye Qingyu was absolutely clear in his heart, the opportunity to enter into such a realm like the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], would not occur again for a very long time —After all, to open this time’s [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], it needed the combined cooperation of two of the great academies. Just through White Deer Academy alone, there was no way they would be able to activate the battlefield again.

Therefore, he must utilize this opportunity and firmly grasp every opportunity that was described within the little booklet into his hands.

After leaving the Northern battlefield, he activated his inner yuan and headed towards the West.

Two hours later.

He came to the third valley that was one of the ten forbidden areas of this battlefield.

[Yuan Qi Giant valley].

According to the information recorded within the booklet, the [Yuan Qi Giant] was an existence that was comparable to the [Flame Devil Beast]. It possessed an extremely dominating strength, with an outer appearance the same as a rock giant. It was also a humanoid monster. This [Yuan Qi Giant] had inhabited within this valley for generations, absorbing the yuan of Heaven and Earth at every moment in time. Its blood had already been completely refined to the purest yuan qi energy within this battlefield.

The blood of the [Yuan Qi Giant] had an amazing property. As long as you swallowed a small mouthful, then it could completely recover your yuan qi if you were at the beginning stages of the Spirit spring stage. It was a rare divine ingredient, comparable to the [Flame Devil Beast] blood. For Ye Qingyu, this was extremely important because this represented the fact he could constantly perform the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] without rest, and not worry about his yuan qi being completely expended.

He rested a bit at the entrance of the valley, regulating himself to his most optimal condition. Ye Qingyu took a large step in to the valley.

Two hours later.

A Ye Qingyu with tattered clothing walked out of the valley.

“It seems like I have to buy more pairs of clothes in the future. Otherwise, after the fight has ended, I’ll be completely naked…” Ye Qingyu carefully stored away the [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant] away carefully.

The two bottles of [Blood of the Flame Devil Beast] and the [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant] could be taken away and brought out of the battlefield. This was an extremely important spoil of the battlefield.

The Ye Qingyu at this time seemed to cut a sorry figure. But the fluctuation of yuan qi in his body was vigorous and forceful, his eyes bursting with vitality. His strength had constantly increased, his inner yuan like that of a large river surging within his body. In the dantian world, the third [Yuan Qi Kindling] had already been planted, and when the opportunity was right, the third Spirit spring would be excavated.

Such a rate of progress for his strength made Demon King Ye extremely satisfied.

His original plan was to rely upon the rewards of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] and take a step forward to enter the third Spirit spring stage. From the current situation, this plan had already half succeeded.

“Now the only thing left is the last opportunity, but it is also the one with the most danger and risk. But danger and return goes hand in hand; if this gamble pays of successfully, then after leaving from this [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], I fear that no one will be my opponent within the entire second year of White Deer Academy and I can jump straight into the third year!”

Ye Qingyu was pleased in his heart.

…… ……

The headquarters of the demon rune soldiers.

Lin Nuo, Zheng Kai, Du Sha and Ding Liyou stood upon the resurrection altar. They all looked at each other, not knowing what to say.

“I would never have thought that we would encounter such a monster.” Lin Nuo lowered his head and sighed, already feeling powerless in his heart.

He and Zheng Kai had been continuously killed directly by the attack of Ye Qingyu. If the first time could be partially counted as an ambush, then the second time was truly a complete domination. Even the two of them added together was not Ye Qingyu’s match, causing the self-confidence of these two to completely crumble. No matter whether it was Lin Nuo or Zheng Kai, they firmly believed that if they met Ye Qingyu again, they would still not be his opponent.

“When did White Deer Academy manage to recruit such an expert?”

Ding Liyou also had a countenance filled with worry.

He had continuously attempted to assassinate Ye Qingyu, but every time he had returned with defeat. Especially the second time, he was completely toyed with, and in the end killed by the little girl. This was complete humiliation, but there was nothing he could do. For an assassin, the most important weapon was their confidence. But whenever Ding Liyou thought back to the image of that figure, he could not help but feel a sense of defeat; he would never be able to kill that person.

“What should we do after?” The red mole between the brows of Du Sha moved slightly. “We haven’t been able to contact Xu Ge in the slightest. But with his biased views towards us, he is definitely not willing to act in concert with us. Out of the four of us, none of us are able to defeat him, and two on one holds a high chance of failure too. Only if we manage to surround him with three or more people do we have a chance…”

“But that persons appears like a deity and fades like a ghost, as if he had long calculated our location! Every time he is able to accurately grasp the location of our appearance. To want to ambush him, this task is too difficult!” Lin Nuo bitterly smiled.

Du Sha hesitated, then realized it was indeed so.

The group could not help but return to a lost state yet again.

The four of them could be considered famous people within the Azure Phoenix. But in this tiny White Deer Academy, they had really encountered such a difficult issue. If such a situation was passed back to the Azure Phoenix Academy, then they would be laughed at by countless people and this incident would be nailed upon the humiliation pole.

“We can only give it a try. I feel that this person is extremely considerate of the two female White Deer students in the North path. Why don’t the four of us focus all our offensive energy in this canyon path and bait that person out to decide victory there and then.” Du Sha abruptly stood up, his face filled with a murderous intent.

After a slight hesitation, the three people all nodded their heads in agreement.

They had a desperate and ridiculous sensation that they were people attempting everything in a crisis, like a patient turning to any doctor at all when critically ill. They pretended the dead horse was alive and treated it as such**.

———

*It’s from a Chinese poem.

李白的《侠客行》 **Chinese idiom, doing everything in a desperate situation.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 82:


Chapter 82 – The Blood Pool of the Dragon’s Den

[Abyss whirlpool]

It was the most dangerous area in such a level of [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] and was also the most terrifying place in the entire battlefield. This was the place with the highest risk.

Ye Qingyu followed the flow of the [Quicksand river] in order to reach this place.

This wide and expansive river roiled turbulently and swept up countless sand. It was an extremely magnificent sight.

And as the river finally came to its end, there were dozens of gigantic whirlpools rapidly rotating. From far away, the large yellow river was like the enormous and hideous mouth of a yellow dragon. The head of this dragon was buried under the roiling vortexes, entering into the mysterious ground below. The floating water vapour above these whirlpools were like clouds, enigmatic and frightening.

“According to the information within the booklet, at the end of the [Quicksand river] there lives a dragon.”

Ye Qingyu once again brought up the information within the booklet, reminding himself constantly of this fact. Finally, he did not hesitate anymore. Jumping and diving downwards, he went into the terrifying vortex. A giant tearing force was instantly upon his body, as if he was being torn apart by numerous ancient beasts, enough to rip anyone to shreds in a split second.

Ye Qingyu activated his inner yuan to its fullest. Only then, was he able to barely withstand such a pressure.

In the time of a breath, he had gone down several hundred meters.

When ten breaths had passed—

“It should be around this time.”

Ye Qingyu loudly cried, the [Inexorable spear] in his hands shooting out.

The power of the [Banner of Heaven and Earth] broke apart the layer of water in the Northern direction. And nearly at the same time, the other half of the [Inexorable spear] also pierced out, the cold light of the spear tearing through the water and causing a vacuum to be formed within the endless waters. The [Fierce Dragon Pierce], part of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King], had been completed.

The power of these consecutive techniques blossomed.

Ye Qingyu’s body flew out, breaking apart the water layer of the vortex.

In an instant, he travelled over a thousand meters.

Then, he came out from the endless waters.

Ye Qingyu discovered that he was standing in front of a giant cave on a cliff.

Turning his head backwards to look, he could see that a hundred meters away, accompanied by the sound of the roaring waters, was a silver-yellow waterfall a thousand meters wide falling from the sky into the endless void below. The scene shook him to his core. The waterfall was as if it came from thin air, and disappeared into the endless space like a river flowing through the vast and boundless void of space.

The location that Ye Qingyu was currently in was at the entrance of a cave on a cliff, a hundred meters away from this awe inspiring waterfall.

The whistling astral wind, came from deep within the cave.

Within the astral wave, there was a faint smell of blood. If one was not careful and deeply breathed in such an air, it was enough to make one dizzy as if they had ingested poison or as if they were completely submerged in sticky blood.

“It seems like this is the dragon’s den.”

Ye Qingyu understood this in a split second.

That’s right, he had come here to slay a dragon.

A dragon was a terrifying existence.

According to the information Ye Qingyu was able to gather in the various public libraries, in the wild and desolate wastelands that had been reclaimed in the Heaven Wasteland Domain, the ancient life form known as the ‘dragon’ had not yet been discovered. And at the same time, within the other domains, it was rumoured that the dragon race had nearly gone extinct, with thousands of years gone past without a single sighting.

The existence of a dragon was a pronoun for power and terror. The Dragon race formed the three great golden races along with the Divine race and the Devil race. Slaying a dragon was only a beautiful legend. It was impossible for it to happen.

But within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], everything was created by the laws of the runes and the formation. It was said that the Formation Emperor Luoso had once done battle with these divine dragons, and was able to understand their power and bloodline. Using the power of runes and formations, to be able to create a rune dragon, was not something impossible for him. According to the information contained within the booklet, at the very end of the [Quicksand river], beneath the swirling whirlpools, was a dragon’s den.

And within the dragon’s den, there was the existence of a rune dragon.

Although it was not a true dragon, but if he was really able to kill such an existence, not only would he receive an astronomical quantity of yuan qi as reward but there would also be inconceivable benefits and advantages.

The mysterious writer of the booklet, pointed out that very few people knew of this secret. This was due to the fact that the location of the dragon’s den was extremely hidden. Furthermore, many people had the notion that jumping into the [Abyss whirlpool] would cause a true death to occur. So many years had passed, yet very little people would enter deeply within to investigate the secrets of the dragon’s den. The writer of the booklet had advised Ye Qingyu to venture into the dragon’s den, perhaps he would be able to harvest an unexpected prize.

At least from the present, the things recorded down within the booklet was correct so far.

Ye Qingyu had truly found the entrance to the dragon’s den.

“Perhaps what is waiting for me is a horrendous and difficult battle. Therefore…”

After considering for a moment, Ye Qingyu retrieved a drop of the [Blood of the Yuan Qi Giant], and stored it within his mouth making preparations so that at any time he would be able to restore his inner yuan. Then he activated his inner yuan to its fullest, a dazzling brightness shining in his eyes. His gaze pierced through the darkness, able to clearly discern anything within ten meters of him. Both hands grasping the [Inexorable spear], he entered step by step into the dragon’s den.

Inside the cavern, the path was extremely craggy and rugged.

On the way, shattered rocks were everywhere below his feet.

Ye Qingyu squatted down to carefully investigate.

“This is… it seems like it is the vestiges left behind by the friction of the abdomen of some kind of organism as it walked.”

He discovered, that the exterior of these rocks was extremely smooth, as if it had been polished by something like the surface of a mirror. There was even a small quantity of powder upon it that glowed faintly in the dark. And between these pieces of shattered rocks were the white bones of the dead dispersed between. Faintly discernible there were also white phosphorous will-o-wisps in the air, like stars in the pitch black night, fluctuating up and down along with the drift of the air.

As he went even deeper, the bloody smell and poisonous air was even more concentrated.

In the cavern, the scattered white bones had become more and more numerous. They were all the disseminated remains of unknown creatures.

There were some skeletons that had been preserved completely, and one was able to tell the terror and struggle in them before they had died. But in the end they were not able to evade the scythe of the dead death god. Some skeletons had already died for who knows how many years, and was as translucent and smooth as jade, but when Ye Qingyu only lightly touched it, it immediately crumbled into dust. With a bang, it smashed into pieces and scattered everywhere, greenish black smoke dispersing in the air….

As he went even deeper, the scattered skeletons became piles of mountains.

On the ground, there was already not a path. Every step that Ye Qingyu took was done by stepping on the piles of bone.

Ka-Cha. Ka-Cha.

The sounds of the white bones snapping in this deathly silent cavern seemed incomparably abrupt and horrifying.

“Some of these skeletons, when they were alive must have been extremely powerful. Although their fleshly body has decayed, but after so many years the skeletons of these corpses are still as tough and rigid as steel… En, the majority of these bones seems to be from the demon race and is not humanoid.” Ye Qingyu carefully maintained his caution and investigated slowly at the same time. “If my guess is not wrong, then these lifeforms should be captured here and eaten as food by the dragon within this cavern.”

As if ascending a snow mountain, he stepped on the snowy white skeletons. Constantly climbing, he was surrounded by the flicker of the will-o-wisps.

The space within the cavern, turned more and more expansive.

Suddenly, Ye Qingyu’s figure quivered, as if realizing something.

“That’s not right. Within the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], every living organism is constructed using runes and formation. After dying for a while, the corpses will transform back into the laws that govern this realm and disappear from this world. But then why would there be so many skeletons, so many livings things here? Could it be that these are not existences that belong to the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], so therefore it will remain here even after it has died?”

Realizing this, Ye Qingyu’s figure shivered with cold.

Could it really be as the rumour said? Dying here, did it represent a true death?

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that the secrets within this [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] were not something that even the White Deer teachers specializing in studying this realm knew fully. It even far exceeded the information he had read from the booklet. Everything was not as simple as what it seemed on the surface.

But since things had developed to such a stage, he had no path of retreat.

According to the information in the booklet, only after slaying the dragon could you truly leave.

Ye Qingyu walked forward step by step.

He climbed to the top of the mountain of bones.

The sight in front of him suddenly cleared and a corridor of white bones appeared in front of him.

The passage was constructed from an unknown gigantic skeleton, every bone being tens of meters wide, like pillars of stone. The path below him was also constructed from bones throughout the entire skeleton. Perhaps it was just a mistaken sensation, but beneath the bones, Ye Qingyu could seem to hear blood surging, like that of a gigantic red ocean.

This passageway of bones extended over a thousand meters.

The space of the dragon’s den had finally reached its end.

A colossal pool of blood, appeared in Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

The steaming blood-like boiling water gurgled and bubbled.

Scarlet red mist enveloped this entire space, the scene bizarre and terrifying. The floor and walls of this room were also constructed from bones and these bones were as translucent and as smooth as jade. The entire pool of blood was around six meters by ten meters, with an unknown depth. The red blood completely crammed the pit of white bones, and there was constantly blood red mist steaming up…

Ye Qingyu examined his surroundings.

“Eh? Why is it like this? Where is the dragon?”

The last space of this cavern was extremely expansive, but apart from a single boiling blood red pool, there was no hint of an existence of a dragon —there was not even a single dragon scale to be seen. This large space was made from the white bones, and everywhere will-o-wisps were floating, brightening the entire space. Everything could be clearly observed.

Not to mention the dragon, there was not even a hint of any dragon’s egg or a dragon scale.

Could it be that he had come to the wrong location?

Or the dragon had gone out hunting?

Ye Qingyu carefully approached the blood pool.

A scorching hot heat emitted from within the blood pool.

After observing again and confirming there were no signs of any danger, Ye Qingyu gradually reached the edges of the pool of blood. Then, using the already crippled [Inexorable spear], he slowly stabbed it deep under the pool of blood. After swirling it around, no signs of any abnormality appeared.

When he retrieved the body of the spear, the blood stain on the spear was translucent. Drop by drop, it fell to the ground of white bones below.

“What kind of blood is this? Why is it boiling and steaming?”

He slowly crouched down, wanting to examine this drop of blood in detail.

But at this time, something he did not expected happened. The scarlet red drop of blood lying on the ground, as if it was alive, gradually moved along the ground like a freely moving blood snake. Without any obstacles or blockages, it once again returned to the pool of blood.

“Could it be that the blood is alive?”

Ye Qingyu was astounded.

And when he turned his head towards the [Inexorable spear], his shock was even greater.

Because the spear that had been deeply plunged to investigate the pool of blood, had undergone a change — Who knows when, from an inky black the spear had transformed scarlet red, without any shred of any impurities in the colour. Like a divine blood jade, it issued a faint radiance, tinted with a dream-like colour.

The pool of blood had changed the [Inexorable spear]?

Just what kind of existence was the blood pool?

And in the time Ye Qingyu was pondering, a faint fragrance wafted without any signs from the pool of blood. This slightly sweet fragrance was as if it was made from the combination of various Spirit herbs. With Ye Qingyu’s strength and caution, without any signs or warning, this scent entered straight into his nostrils. Only then, did he realize what had happened.

“Not good…”

A spell of dizziness and faintness came over Ye Qingyu. Silently cursing in his heart, his head fell below his feet. With a splash, him along with the two parts of the [Inexorable spear], entered at the same time into this mysterious and steaming pool of blood, causing a meter-tall splash of blood.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 83:


Chapter 83 – A Dog?

The feeling he felt at this moment was as if his entire body was thrown in scorching hot molten lava.

Such a degree of heat burned every inch of his body. As if there were countless tiny fire insects that were piercing through his body, drilling with their utmost to enter into his muscles. First it was the layer of skin, then it was his muscles and finally it was his bones. Within his meridians, it was as if ten thousand steel needles the thickness of a bull’s hair were travelling through. A type of pain, a thousand times, ten thousand times more painful than execution by tiny cuts came like a flood, completely enveloping Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu had a mistaken feeling—

At this instant, it was as if he was about to be dissolved in this pool of blood, becoming part of this body of water.

The previous fragrance that had entered into his body had a terrifying and mysterious power. It completely froze Ye Qingyu’s body so that he lost his ability to resist. Even moving a finger was something extremely difficult for him. At this moment, Demon King Ye felt like he was being confined by a body imprisonment talisman. An unending and terrifying pain travelling throughout his body, but he still managed to retain consciousness.

“Pain… this is too painful, aaaaaa…”

He opened his mouth to loudly scream.

But the moment he opened his mouth, endless blood water crazily entered into his body. Following his throat and esophagus, it madly entered inside his body. It was as if he had swallowed a boiling mouthful of lava and his internal organs were currently being burned by a blazing and destructive fire.

At this instant, Ye Qingyu was sure that death had already fallen upon him.

This pool of blood had a demonic property. It wanted to destroy everything.

In the face of this treacherous pool of blood, Ye Qingyu’s tough and sturdy body along with his inner yuan at the second Spirit spring stage, could not even withstand a single strike. As if a strand of grass had been thrown into molten lava, it would be destroyed and turned into smoke in a mere moment.

But, when Ye Qingyu felt his life was about to end, an abnormality happened.

As if an existence that was in deep slumber had been disturbed, it sleepily issued a furious roar. And afterwards, a mysterious power suddenly activated from the depths of Ye Qingyu’s mind. This power was like the arrival of the monarch, unmatched and unstoppable. Like a spring, it spread throughout his entire body, instantly dispelling the horrible burning power of the pool…

Every pain that he felt in this instant completely disappeared.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then was madly delighted.

He was saved?

But after this joy had passed, he very quickly discovered that there was still no way that he could move his body.

His body seemed to have turned into a piece of rock. Slowly sinking down into the depths of the blood pool, his back touched the hard surface of the bone pit feeling the rough sensation of contact. But what was strange was that although he was completely submerged in the blood pool his breathing was completely normal, as if the blood pool contained a sufficient concentration of air. During the time that he was breathing, there was an indescribable feeling of comfort and relaxation.

“This shocking power… it came too suddenly, just where did it come from?”

Even though his body could not move, Ye Qingyu’s mind was thinking rapidly.

He was extremely clear that if not for this sudden change, and the appearance of this shocking energy, he would have been completely dissolved by the pool of blood. This kind of energy, just where did it originate from?

Could it be… it came from the bronze book?

That was a possibility.

But Ye Qingyu could faintly sense that this kind of energy had already appeared several times before he had even obtained the bronze book, so it was not too likely.

After thinking for a long while, he still could not reach any conclusions.

His body was as still and as stiff as a piece of ice or rock, not being able to move in the slightest. It was as if he had really transformed into stone.

“Just what is happening to me? I came to slay the dragon but I did not even manage to find a whisker of the dragon. Now I have turned into a drowned corpse…” Ye Qingyu could neither laugh or cry. This could not carry on. The situation outside was urgent and desperately needed him. Song Xiaojun and the others were in the midst of battle.

And at the time Ye Qingyu was racking his brains for a solution, another change occurred.

The clear and refreshing energy in his body, as if it had been completely expended, suddenly shrunk. It disappeared.

The burning and scorching power of the blood pool slowly repossessed Ye Qingyu’s body.

The blazing pain like that of being bitten alive by ten thousand insects returned and attacked with a vengeance in a split second.

“Shit, what is happening? Am I about to die again?”

Ye Qingyu was extremely shocked.

The acute pain only lasted for approximately ten breaths of time, but it seemed to extend like an endless era. Just when Ye Qingyu felt that he would absolutely dissolve into the pool, the refreshing power that had disappeared, unbelievably appeared again. It spread throughout his body, immediately halting the burning pain and returning to the previous feeling of incomparable comfort.

Then, the refreshing power gradually disappeared.

The blood water once again entered into his body again, madly burning.

Ten breaths later, the refreshing power appeared again…

And disappeared…

And appeared…

Disappearing again…

It continued in such a cycle.

Without end or rest.

The refreshing power was like the prank of a naughty child, or as if it was intentionally doing battle with the power of this blood pool. Sometimes appearing, sometimes disappearing, it was as if it followed some unwritten laws, like the ebbing and receding of the tides, surging and fading. These two different kinds of energy alternately occupied Ye Qingyu’s body, making Ye Qingyu feel as if he was being rotated between Heaven and Hell.

Ye Qingyu could only passively accept this. There was nothing he could.

Time passed by, second after second, in such a situation.

Ye Qingyu gradually entered into a strange state, where hot and cold alternated, his consciousness forgetting everything. Time and space had lost its meaning. He forgot everything, forgetting his surroundings, forgetting himself. His entire person was in a state of blurred primal chaos.

This seemed like it lasted for a very long time, but also seemed as if it only happened for a short blink of time.

An unknown time later, Ye Qingyu suddenly quivered abruptly, awakening.

He subconsciously opened his eyes, both his hands touching the floor and sitting up.

“This… I can move?”

After a stunned moment, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized. He looked under him and was dazed yet again.

Just what had happened?

Was I not… being submerged in the pool of blood? Then where did the… pool of blood go?

Had everything finally ended?

Ye Qingyu dumbly stared at the surrounding bone walls that was as smooth as jade, and below his bottom was also the smooth bones that was as polished as a mirror. The breath he breathed in was bitingly cold and his position was within a sunken pit of bone – if he did not guess wrong, then it was the place where the pool of blood contained.

But at this time, the blood water was completely gone.

The scorching and blazing power had disappeared without a trace, not even leaving behind a drop of blood.

It was as if the previous encounter was only a bizarre dream.

After a short while, with a thoughtful expression, Ye Qingyu slowly stood up.

Within his body was a surging enormous strength.

He attempted to move and could hear a series a pops like beans exploding that came unceasingly from within his body. His bones vibrated, muscles unfolding the joints and the bones in his body constantly rubbing against each other. t was as if he was a machine that had stopped functioning for hundreds of years, being activated for the first time. He was currently being broken in.

It was an experience that he had never felt before.

Ye Qingyu could faintly sense that within his body, there was something extra.

But if he carefully examined, he conversely could not sense anything.

He lightly jumped.

Out of the bone pit.

“I really am still within the dragon’s den. It’s just that the previous pool of blood has completely dried up without even a single drop remaining.” A baffled look was on Ye Qingyu’s face. Such a large pool of blood, even though using an interdimensional bottle, would not be able to completely contain such a body of liquid. Just where did it go?

The events that had just occurred were incomparably peculiar.

He carefully examined the space around the dragon’s den, but there was not any other discovery.

There were no signs of the existence of the dragon like it was an abandoned tomb

If he had not seen with his own eyes that pool of blood, he would have only thought this place was a strange location layered with bones.

Ye Qingyu did his utmost to remember what had happened, but within his memories there was a completely blank segment. This was namely when he was in his mindless state. He absolutely could not remember anything that had occurred during this time. He did not know where the blood water went, and at this time he could not be sure how long he had tarried here…

“Fine, let’s just first leave here.”

Ye Qingyu had the intention to depart.

After all, the battle occurring in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield] had not yet ended and the so called dragon’s den did not contain any treasures, divine medicines, divine herbs or rare materials. It was completely desolate of rewards. Continuing to stay here did not have any meaning whatsoever. Perhaps the dragon had gone out to play, who knows when this fellow would return…

In short, Ye Qingyu felt his choice to come here to slay the dragon was a wrong decision.

And at the time when Ye Qingyu was turning to leave, suddenly—

“Huchi Huchi*…”

A short but peculiar breathing came from behind him.

Ye Qingyu’s body froze, then slowly and incredibly turned his head around.

A snowy white cute little creature was squatting next to his leg. It was only about the size of a palm, doing its utmost to lift its head. It’s large glistening eyes were staring at him in happiness, his long pink tongue stretching out, his tail swaying delightedly. Seeing that Ye Qingyu had turned around, this little fellow excitedly shook his head and strived to place his little head upon Ye Qingyu’s leg intimately…

Ye Qingyu was so scared that he jumped ten meters away in an instant.

This was… a… a puppy?

A puppy?

Ye Qingyu could not believe his eyes.

This was something that was absolutely impossible.

He had just previously examined and observed in detail every inch of this space. There was absolutely nothing here. Then why, in the blink of an eye, did a little puppy appear?

Just where had it come from?

Ye Qingyu was stupefied.

After observing carefully, it really was just a snowy white puppy.

This little fellow did not have any impurities of any other colour on its fur, as if it was just a snowball. HIs glistening large eyes were clear, as if it was a pair of jewels that was shining with radiance. The little infantile teeth of the puppy was snowy white and when he opened his mouth, you were able to see his pink little tongue… From head to toe, it emitted an aura of adorableness.

There was nothing strange about a little puppy.

But to suddenly appear in such a place, it was really too peculiar.

Far more than peculiar, it was bizarre.

“Huchi Huchi…” Seeing Ye Qingyu jumping away, the little fellow panicked. It crawled and rolled towards Ye Qingyu, his actions extremely intimate. Like a little child it came stumbling towards him, its tongue stretching out with a flattering grin, giving Ye Qingyu a completely harmless look.

Ye Qingyu did not dare to be too careless.

“What has really happened? I’ve evidently searched through this space entirely, without discovering anything…” Ye Qingyu was baffled. And at this time, a bolt of lightning flashed through his mind. He suddenly realized that when he had searched through this space, he did not search in the sunken bone pit that used to hold the blood water.

Could it be…

That this little fellow, really came from the pool of blood?

*Sound of panting

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 84:


Chapter 84 – Four Versus Four

Could it be that this little puppy had really jumped out from the bone pit that he had passed over in his inspection?

Ye Qingyu could only form such a conclusion.

He avoided the little white fellow with an unknown background and undetermined danger. Jumping once again into the bone pit, he carefully investigated.

But there was nothing to be discovered.

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu?” The little fellow crawled towards the edges of the bone pit, curiosity in his eyes. He shook its head and his chubby little tail constantly wagged, repeatedly expressing goodwill towards Ye Qingyu. The enthusiasm and intimacy reflected in his clear eyes was enough to make the heart of anyone melt.

Ye Qingyu tentatively extended his hand.

The little fellow spun around in a circle a few times, then unhesitatingly rushed at Ye Qingyu, as if he was a little snowball that was being rolled down a slope.

As he slid downwards into the bone pit, the little fellow jumped and landed onto Ye Qingyu’s palm.

“Huchi Huchi, Wu Wu Wu!” The little fellow’s chubby little head constantly rubbed against Ye Qingyu’s palm. His mouth constantly emitted panting sounds, nodding his head and wagging his tail, a perfect picture of a someone out to please.

“Interesting.” Ye Qingyu examined the little dog meticulously.

“Eh? It seems like it really is a little puppy… But, it seems to have suffered an injury… It doesn’t have any forelimbs? No, it’s only because the forelimbs are too small… this… could it be because he is malnourished and grew up unhealthily?” After examining it for a while, he was shocked to discover some peculiar aspects.

This little fellow that looked like a snow ball had some strange attributes.

His head was larger than a normal dog by a fair margin, possessing over a third of his entire body. From the outer appearance, he was foolish looking but adorable at the same time. His forelimbs seemed to have been injured before, with the limbs being small and short. Evidently, it had grown in a wrong way. But it was hidden under the white fur, and could not be discovered unless one looked carefully. Its hind limbs were evidently much stronger, supporting its entire weight.

From his entire body, the torso occupied another third of the total body. And the third of the body left was taken up by a beautiful large tail that was constantly wagging behind his chubby little bottom.

Apart from these little peculiarities, this little fellow seemed exactly the same as the other dogs.

At this time, Ye Qingyu could not be sure whether this creature really was a dog.

Could it be some kind of rare life form?

Perhaps a divine beast or a spirit beast?

Ye Qingyu thought for a while, then laughed at himself. He shook his head.

How could it be possible that a divine beast looked like this? That was simply too unlikely.

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu.” The little fellow continued to intimately rub himself on Ye Qingyu’s arm.

Ye Qingyu did not know why but seeing this little fellow doing its utmost to please him, a feeling of intimacy could not help but be born within Ye Qingyu. It was obviously their first meeting, but he had the sensation that he had already raised it for an extremely long time, as if it was part of his family.

He still had questions in his heart, but after hesitating back and forth, Ye Qingyu ultimately decided to bring the little fellow along with him.

From the little fellow’s body, he could not sense the slightest hint of energy fluctuation. He should not pose a threat at all.

Appearing so mysteriously here, perhaps the little dog had some relation to the pool of blood. If he kept the puppy beside him, perhaps he could discover something in the future.

Furthermore, Ye Qingyu had a vague premonition that everything that happened within the dragon’s den today was definitely not as simple as it seemed. Perhaps it would have an extremely significant impact on him in the future, but at the current point in time, he did not discover what this effect would be. And it seemed like this little snowball would be one of the important clues to finding out.

“Huchi Hucchi!”

Like he had sensed Ye Qingyu’s acceptance, the little fellow began to pant excitedly.

After receiving Ye Qingyu’s approval, excited noises emitted from his mouth. He followed along Ye Qingyu’s arm and clumsily climbed onto Ye Qingyu’s shoulder. His little pink tongue constantly licked Ye Qingyu’s ear and his furry little head incessantly rubbed against Ye Qingyu’s face.

“Haha, this little fellow…” Ye Qingyu began laughing.

This little fellow unexpectedly understood human nature surprisingly well, or as if their hearts were connected, he instantly understood Ye Qingyu’s feelings.

“Since it’s like this, then I’ll temporarily carry you along. Hehe, lets first think of a name for you.” Ye Qingyu jumped out of the bone pit, and headed towards the outside. After a short consideration, he said laughingly, “Since your head is so large, than I shall call you Big Head from now on. Haha, this is concise and comprehensive. Strange creature, how about it?”

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu!” The little fellow did not know how to speak, but still remained hopping up and down in enthusiasm.

“Haha, that means you agree to your name, Big Head.”

Huchi Huchi, Wu Wu!”

“Fine, Big Head it is.”

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu!”

“Good Big Head!”

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu!”

A man and a dog, conversing in such a manner, followed along the white bone path leading towards the exit of the dragon’s den. Their voices in such a pitch black and large environment resounded clearly and amusingly. Ye Qingyu’s mood instantly took a turn for the better, unwittingly letting out sounds of laughter.

But very quickly Demon King Ye became worried.

According to the information written in the booklet, only after slaying the dragon would the passageway to exit this place appear. By following along this passageway, you were able to exit the dragon’s den. But from the very start he had not discovered a dragon but only fostered a big headed dog by mistake. Then how would he be able to escape from the surging vortex of water? He definitely could not exit by following the method he had used to enter. With Ye Qingyu’s current level of strength, wanting to go against the flow of the waterfall, along with the suppressive laws of the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], was something impossible for him to achieve.

A short while later.

Ye Qingyu discovered that his worries were completely unfounded.

Because at an unknown time, the waterfall that seemed to appear from nowhere and seemed to originate from the imposing and magnificent stars had disappeared. He walked to the exit of the dragon’s den and emerged from the inky darkness. The surging water vapour had gone, and the roaring thunder of the waterfall had also disappeared. He could only see the wall of the cliff extending upwards, and faintly he could see a bright glow thousands of meters above him.

“What has happened?”

Ye Qingyu felt he had encountered all the bizarre things in his life today all at once.

But since the waterfall formed from the [Quicksand river] had disappeared, and he could see a light above him, did it mean that as long as he climbed and followed this wall upwards he would have a chance of leaving?

Considering this, Ye Qingyu decided to give climbing upwards a try.

“Big Head, pay attention. You must grip onto me tightly.” Ye Qingyu patted the big headed dog.

“Huchi?” The little fellow hesitated, question marks filling his eyes.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu had already chosen the direction and activated his inner yuan. Like a large bird, his figure soared upwards, jumping up tens of meters in a split second. His hand grabbed a jutting out rock, and using this to leverage his power, he continued soaring and climbing along the stone wall of the cliff.

“Wu Wu Wu… Huchi Huchi!”

Big Head was slightly dazed, not understanding in the beginning. But as Ye Qingyu soared upwards for the third time, he instantly understood. Looking at the pitch black darkness of the endless abyss below, he was so scared that every hair on his body stood up. His mouth bit tightly onto Ye Qingyu’s ear and the chubby little tail stood straight up. His little hind legs were constantly kicking, his whole body shivering.

“Hahaha…” Ye Qingyu was in midair, but he could not help but laugh loudly.

This big headed dog, was really too funny and amusing.

…… ……

[Boundary Canyon Battlefield].

Northern canyon road.

Within the battlefield, the shouts of fighting reverberated throughout the skies.

Qin Wushuang had a serious expression as he regarded the four opponents that were approaching. He could not help but secretly cry with bitterness in his heart.

Fear had already coloured Xia Houwu’s face.

Both of them had never thought that before they could enact on their plan, they would encounter such a large problem. Both of them left the North East and the North West road to regroup with Song Xiaojun and Song Qingluo. They originally wanted to consolidate their strength and completely reinforce one of the battlefields to push through. This way, with Ye Qingyu’s coordination, they would really be able to defeat the Azure Phoenix Academy once and for all.

From their originally hopeless situation to the current events, even an idiot could sense that their opportunity had arrived.

If they were able to win just once, then the five people who won this round would immediately become the heroes of White Deer Academy. All sorts of resources and techniques, would become slanted towards them. Even if Xia Houwu and Qin Wushuang did not care about the resources of the academy, but the fame from defeating Azure Phoenix Academy held great attraction for them.

So therefore in such a situation, not long ago, Qin Wushuang had cast aside his status and discussed matters with the Song Sisters. The four people were now gathered together in the Northern battlefield.

From the point of view of Song Qingluo and Song Xiaojun, this was a decent enough proposal.

After all, four people gathered together definitely resulted in them being slightly safer. And if they were all in one spot, Ye Qingyu did not need to rush left and right at all times. He only needed to hide in the background and correctly respond. This was a comparatively perfect plan.

It was only that Ye Qingyu appeared like a deity and faded like a ghost. There was no way to discuss such a strategy with him.

But from Qin Wushuang’s perspective, Ye Qingyu had taken the most care in protecting the northern canyon road of the Song sisters. This was one of the reason he had chosen the Northern path as the focal to gather together. This was definitely the road that was going to receive the largest amount of Ye Qingyu’s assistance.

In truth, the impact was extremely large on Qin Wushuang after seeing Ye Qingyu’s kill Xu Ge.

He was utterly bitter, not admitting to the fact that he was in any way worse than Ye Qingyu.

But after experiencing so many things Qin Wushuang must acknowledge that a commoner scum like Ye Qingyu was definitely luckier than him. At least the key to this round’s victory was tied around Ye Qingyu. Especially after seeing the chance to truly win once and for all. After long consideration, Qin Wushuang suddenly felt that it was not such a big deal to lower his head once. Even if he was accused of relying on Ye Qingyu to triumph by the lowly commoners— as long as they won, Qin Wushuang had the confidence he could claim more of the credit for this victory.

But they would never have thought that not long after the four had gathered together, the Azure Phoenix students would appear.

And that four of them would appear at the same time.

Their original plan was that it would be four versus one or versus two. But their plan immediately became four versus four.

The situation had suddenly worsened.

Why was it like this?

After a slight daze, Qin Wushuang and Xia Houwu were shocked.

If it could be said that Qin Wushuang still had a will to battle and was still calculating how it was possible to win this grand competition, then the Xia Houwu who had already died two times had long became a bird frightened at the mere twang of a bow*. He only wished to fish in troubled water**, and wanted to survive onwards through such a method. He absolutely did not want to risk his life. Therefore, when he abruptly saw the appearance of the four students, his first thought was to quickly flee.

Opposite them.

Lin Nuo, Zheng Kai, Du Sha and Ding Liyou were also shocked.

What was happening?

They had gathered together in the Northern path for one reason: to ambush and kill Ye Qingyu, risking their lives for the last time. They would never have thought that White Deer Academy had also gathered in such a location… Was this the scheme of the White Deer students? If it was really so, did this not represent that the demon king-like figure was also lurking nearby?

Fight?

Or flee?

At this instant, both sides were in a state of hesitation.

*someone who frights easily due to past experiences **take advantage of a crisis for personal gain

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

