Chapter 241:


Chapter 241 - You are not a good soldier

On the bow of the leading flagship, a fatty with a round figure stood at the forefront[1] . He wore a scarlet red long robe, a blood red cape and his right palm was slightly raised. The two steel balls in his hands were rotating. Even from far away, it was as if one[2] could hear the movement of these steel balls.

It was[3] [The Butcher of Youyan], Liu Siufeng.

For him to come personally?

Ye Qingyu was greatly surprised.

He had told Sang Fusheng to go back and hoped that he would be able to bring back Liu Zongyuan or perhaps Wen Wan along with ten or so soldiers to record everything that had happened here as well as release the imprisoned people. They would record the evidence down until the opportune moment had come for these evidence to be revealed. He did not expect that Liu Siufeng, this huge figure in the army, would come personally by himself.

The airships broke apart the sky without a sound.

It was like warriors descending from the heavens[4] [5] [6] .

A ray of dawn that came from the boundaries of the skies, passing through thousands of mountains and rivers.

The high up[7] flagship and the scattered clouds were illuminated by this ray of dawn, dyeing everything scarlet red. It caused an atmosphere of hard-to-conceal killing intent to form.

Ye Qingyu suddenly smiled.

For he was able to see that Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan were on the left and right of Liu Siufeng.

And Sang Fusheng, who had changed into new battle armour, stood behind them.

The appearance of these figures made Ye Qingyu more relaxed.

Especially since a huge figure like Liu Siufeng had appeared. It made Ye Qingyu suddenly feel that fighting alone finally had reaped its rewards. There was finally a significant comrade appearing next to him, who could stand shoulder to shoulder and help support him against the raging hidden torrents.

In the situation where Lu Zhaoge's condition wa[8] s sealed off from the external world and his conditions unknown, there were naturally some people who abandoned themselves[9] . If there was a person among the commanders of the four great camps that could reverse the tides and was truly worthy of trust, then Ye Qingyu firmly believed that person to be Liu Siufeng.

Right now, he had finally appeared.

He was on the flagship like a primordial beast, breaking apart space as he arrived.

The formation airships of the Right camp formed a passageway, allowing the scarlet flagship to arrive.

Liu Siufeng possessed great respect within the army, not just constrained within the Vanguard. If in the hearts of the soldiers of Youyan, Lu Zhaoge was a high and almighty deity, then Liu Siufeng was the sharpest spear in the hands of the War God. There was nothing he could not destroy; he carried the desire for victory and glory of countless soldiers.

The flagship slowly descended.

Finally, the scarlet red ship, like an ancient beast, halted hundreds of meters above the training camp.

The glimmer of light from formations flickered. A silver light shone down from the flagship, illuminating the ground below.

Fifty armoured soldiers disappeared and reappeared in the light; the formation array transporting them to the ground.

The leading soldier was namely Sang Fusheng.

Although he had been tortured in the interrogation room for several days and sustained significant injuries, he still seemed to be in his prime when he once again donned his armour. In large strides he came over to Ye Qingyu, paying his respects and saying respectfully, "Marquis, the Commander has come personally. Because this is the district of the Right Camp, there were some hidden resistance, so we were delayed for a little bit and only arrived now…"

Ye Qingyu smiled. "It doesn't matter, it's good that you have come. You are responsible for the matters that follow.” "Rest assured, Marquis." Sang Fusheng gave a military salute, then the soldiers under his command began their business.

Sang Fusheng had followed beside Liu Zongyuan for numerous years and had a wealth of experience. Firstly, he took control of the new recruit training camp from the hands of Gao Yun in the Right camp. Then he directed people to begin searching and collecting from different places of the training camp. He ordered another group to enter the mountain passageway to release those innocent, imprisoned commoners. Lastly, he himself brought several trusted subordinates to the interrogation room, wanting to collect every piece of evidence there personally.

Ye Qingyu assisted Ye Congyun up, his figure flashing through the air, directly heading upwards towards the flagship.

The young officer could only feel a tightness on his shoulder and a blur across his vision. When everything had stabilized, he was already at the forefront of the flagship.

The dawn wind fluttered and the shine of the morning sun was like blood.

The steel armoured soldiers stood as straight as spears; every one of them like deities of killing, their blood red cloaks fluttering in the wind. These were elite and loyal soldiers of the Vanguard; every one of them carrying an aura of blood and blades, causing Ye Congyun's heart to palpitate for a moment. There was a feeling of being emotionally moved; this was truly the military environment he desired.

At this time, Ye Congyun felt that he had truly become one of these people.

But his damnable weak constitution…

Under the dawn sun.

"Ye Qingyu pays his respect to the Commander!"

Ye Qingyu clasped his hand in greeting.

"Haha, Marquis Ye, your bravery is really not little in the slightest…" Liu Siufeng chuckled loudly, a smile appearing on his chubby face and his eyes crinkling. He had the atmosphere of being extremely amiable. "It seems like this time, you have hit a giant hornet's nest." "Therefore I need to thank you, Commander, for giving me support by coming here," Ye Qingyu replied smilingly.

"I didn't come here to give you support. I only came here casually to have a look." The steel balls in Liu Siufeng hands creaked and squeaked as he grinned, looking at the ground. "When you've had a shit, you should wipe your own shit. Don't look towards me, I don't want to get stinky."

The tone of Liu Siufeng's voice was exceedingly casual, as if he was discussing this matter with equal friends.

Ye Qingyu had a minute smile, not saying anything.

He knew, that although this was what Liu Siufeng said, but for him to come today was already a type of support for himself. As long as the flagship of the commander of the Vanguard stopped here for a brief period, then anyone who wanted to make trouble would have to evaluate their own power as well.

Furthermore, Sang Fusheng as one of the futures stars of the Vanguard, had already brought his subordinates to take control of the interrogation room. He had already announced to the world that the Vanguard was officially interfering in this battle.

"You little brat…" Wen Wan came over to give Ye Qingyu a punch. "Why are you at the heart of every matter? You really can cause trouble."

Ye Qingyu rolled his eyes at him. "You have the nerve to say such words. I've done so many things for Youyan Pass but you, a military warfare officer, holding the duty entrusted by the Empire, had gone to who knows where these days. This bunch of ridiculous Jianghu people had caused complete chaos in Youyan Pass, but I don't even see you doing anything."

Wen Wan opened his mouth but did not say anything.

His expression was conflicted, because even if Ye Qingyu accused him, he had nothing to refute this with. In these past days, because of military orders, he was training soldiers far away and he really had not done anything to stop this.

Seeing that mad tiger Wen had been taken down a peg or two, Ye Qingyu chuckled.

"Haha, Marquis really is on the warpath. You've not only slapped Old Wen's face, you've also slapped the Commander and my face." Liu Zongyuan chuckled, hinting at something. "But we also have no choice. It is natural for a soldier to listen to orders. Without the order from the Pass Lord's residence, we cannot act as we please. Even the Commander himself cannot go against orders. The Vanguard is responsible for external battles and as for the maintenance of order within Youyan Pass, the internal security is responsible for that. Perhaps you've also heard about it, but the head of internal security is the Zhang San of the supply department."

Liu Siufeng stood by one side holding the steel balls with a smile, saying, “That's right, people of the Jianghu can act according to their desires, but soldiers cannot. Everything has to be done according to military command and everyone is assigned a particular responsibility. Even though I also do not wish to see such matters, but this issue is not within the remit of my command so I cannot interfere. Otherwise, if everyone acts as they please the situation in the Pass will become even more chaotic."

Marquis Ye's face reddened a little.

Just now he had reprimanded Wen Wan, but in reality, he had also hiddenly chided Liu Siufeng and the others. However, right now, the words that Liu Zongyuan and Liu Siufeng said did make sense. A soldier had a special position; if they just did things according to their likes and dislikes and disregarded military orders, there would be no difference between the military and the people of the Jianghu.

Liu Siufeng gave him a glance, and said teasingly, "How about it, do you feel that your actions in these days are a little rash?"

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, then shook his head. "It really is somewhat rash, but if I don't do anything I won't feel right. I don't know what War God Lu is waiting for, but my vision is in the short term. If I feel angry, then I will release my anger I cannot endure for such a long period of time…" As he spoke to here, Ye Qingyu looked towards Liu Siufeng with a shred of hesitation, then asked, "Is it that in some times, for the greater good, that we have to sacrifice the lives of those so called little people?"

Liu Siufeng was taken aback.

This butcher whose fame resounded throughout the entire Youyan Pass, whose name alone was enough to cause countless demons to quiver in terror, had a strange light flash across his hands. At this moment, when he smiled, he was no longer like a wealthy chubby businessman. The line on his face suddenly became grave and sharp, and a strange pressure began emitting from him, causing Ye Qingyu to suffocate. It was as if an invisible gigantic hand was pressing against his throat.

But Ye Qingyu did not take a step back.

It seemed to have lasted a long time, yet also lasted but a brief moment… The lines on Liu Siufeng's face once again become gentle, and he let out a chuckle. "Do you know such words were once also said by a person in front of me…"

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

But he could already largely guess, just who had said such words.

"You are not a good soldier. Or perhaps, you are not suitable to be a soldier." Liu Siufeng stared down at the vast ground below, looking down as more and more people gathered at the new recruit training camp below. "Your martial path is not the martial path of the military. Your martial heart is not suitable for the military. Perhaps even you have not discovered yourself, but the way you do things is even more Jianghu than the Jianghu people."

Ye Qingyu fell silent.

Perhaps.

But he did not feel there was anything wrong with that.

"The military way uses soldiers like mud. When one should sacrifice, one should sacrifice. Without sacrifice, nothing can be gained; those who command soldiers must be emotionless… The things you have done these days, although it has disrupted the plans of the military, do you know why everyone has allowed you to continue doing so?" Liu Siufeng smiled. The everyone in his words was obviously referring to the true higher-ups of the military. "Because some people feel that what you did was correct. There are also some people who feel that with your interference, the matter will become even more interesting…"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 242:


Chapter 242 - Tearing apart space

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

After doing so many things with no reaction from the Pass Lord's residence, even an idiot would know this was because there was the agreement of someone from behind the scenes.

Otherwise, Ye Qingyu would have already been held responsible for his actions.

As Liu Siufeng spoke, he seemed to remember something.

He gave another meaningful glance at Ye Qingyu but ultimately did not say anything even though he looked like he had something to say.

Ye Qingyu was able to notice that flash of hesitation from Liu Siufeng and could not help but be curious. Could there be something that even Liu Siufeng was wary about?

Ye Qingyu was about to say something, when the sound of footsteps sounded behind him.

It was Sang Fusheng bringing two armoured soldiers back. He presented the things he had discovered.

Liu Siufeng gave these a glance, his complexion changing slightly. "Restrict the camp. No one is allowed to enter. Everything obtained from the camp is to be restricted. Without my order, no one is allowed to interact with it." "Yes." Sang Fusheng loudly accepted his order.

Ye Qingyu thought it over, then brought over the scrolls and documents he had discovered. "There are also these."

Liu Siufeng nodded his head, indicating for Liu Zongyuan to take them away.

"There are three experts of the sects that I have sealed away, alive. There is also the Zhao Ruyun of the military supply department…" Ye Qingyu explained.

"Take them all away to the prison of the Vanguard," Liu Siufeng said blandly.

Everyone here could sense the chilliness in his calm voice.

Some people were about to be unlucky.

Liu Zongyuan said silently in his heart.

After following the Commander for so many years, he knew the temperament and disposition of the Commander well. Every time the Commander's face had such calmness on it, it signified the extremeness his anger had reached. Just how terrifying was the [Butcher of Youyan] once he was enraged? One could know this just by asking the hundreds of thousands of demons dead in the Explosive Snow Glacier by his hands.

The dawn wind blew.

Every bit of evidence was collected.

Ye Qingyu trusted Liu Siufeng extremely and was about to say something.

Suddenly, there was an abrupt change—

Lines of light distorted in the sky.

Three rays of light, like thunder breaking apart the air, instantly neared.

Their auras were vast and powerful.

Their strong energy fluctuations were like the roar of the rivers and the surge of the seas— it surrounded everywhere, as if it was about to envelope the entire sky. They were utterly frightening.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu felt the inner yuan in his body being incited by these three rays of energy. It was as if a gigantic dragon was enraged, instantly compressing, exploding out. There was no way to control it; his yuan qi roared out like the thunder of the heavens from within his body.

This was the most instinctive reaction of a yuan qi martial artist.

Not only Ye Qingyu, but other people also had yuan qi light break out from around their bodies, the energy within their bodies exploding out uncontrollably.

The expressions of Wen Wan and Liu Zongyuan also abruptly changed, strong yuan qi fluctuations exploding out from the bodies of the two. Deep like the abyss, it was extremely powerful, but very quickly they used their powerful will and technique to suppress their powers back within their body.

Nearly at the same time, Ye Qingyu also suppressed the exploding yuan qi in his body back inside.

He even placed a hand, on Ye Congyun's body, to help the young military officer withstand such a terrifying pressure.

On the flagship, there was only one figure that stood like the unfathomable ravine, not moving at all, his yuan qi as stable as Mt Tai.

Liu Siufeng.

The three rays of light broke through the sky. The strength of their powers was unimaginable, nearing instantly. It was as if the entire heavens were collapsing, and their target was namely the new recruit training camp.

If the three rays of light struck the ground there, then even the mountain behind the training camp would turn into rubble.

"Impudence!" The complexion of Liu Siufeng changed, an expression of anger appearing on his face. His voice was like the gong of a bronze bell, resounding throughout the world, his roar like thunder. "Ignorant little people, to be so impudent. Who gave you the guts, for you to do as you please. Could it be that you want your sects to be annihilated?"

Before he had finished.

Liu Zongyuan lifted his hand.

The blood red cape from behind him rose, surging and expanding, transforming in a scarlet blood red cloud that covered half the sky. Fluctuating with light, it headed towards the three rays of light, enveloping it and trapping it inside. The explosive energies constantly surged and struggled within it, and the blood red cloud boiled for a few seconds, then instantly settled down.

"Return."

Liu Siufeng beckoned.

The blood red cloud instantly shrunk, transforming into the size of a clock that once again floated back into the hands of Liu Siufeng.

The Liu Siufeng at this moment still possessed a slightly chubby figure, still wasn't that tall, still held the steel balls in his hand. But under the golden glimmer of the sunlight, the shadow of his figure suddenly became vast and unfathomable. He stood alone as if he was a protective deity of his world, light shining from his eyes.

He held the cloak, touching it.

Three faintly golden arrows appeared in his hands.

"[Piercing Cloud Arrows]?"

Liu Siufeng coldly snorted. Looking towards the three golden arrows, the killing intent in his eyes exploded, as if thunder and lightning were flickering madly.

Ye Qingyu saw everything clearly from the side.

So the terrifying pressure that broke through the skies was emitted from the golden arrows that were not even the length of a palm. Right now, when they were gripped in Liu Siufeng's palm, it still emitted a faint pressure and was still quivering, as if it wanted to struggle to break through, but the power in Liu Siufeng's palm suppressed it, making it have no way of breaking free.

[Piercing Cloud Arrows]?

It seemed to be one of the treasured tools of some sort of sect. The power of it must not be common.

"This time they're really willing to pay an expensive price, for them to even bring out the [Piercing Cloud Arrows]."

The complexion of Liu Siufeng gradually settled down.

A smile very quickly appeared on his chubby face.

As his yuan power was activated, there was suddenly a faint golden light flickering from Liu Siufeng's palm. the three arrows were burning within, and the golden arrows struggling madly. The noise of the vibrating metal could be heard that thundered in one’s hearts, as if a gigantic battering ram was striking against another battering ram. Endlessly, such sounds resounded from Liu Siufeng's palm.

Approximately ten breaths later.

Pang!Pang!Pang!

There were three low and deep noises emitting from within the three golden arrows.

One could see three jade green lights being ejected from within the golden arrows that let out a sharp and piercing howl, wanting to escape. It was blocked by a sweep of Liu Siufeng's palm, instantly crushing it as it dissipated in the air.

The golden arrows constantly struggled, then finally settled down.

The Liu Siufeng at this moment showed a domineering power.

Ye Qingyu guessed, that it should be Liu Siufeng who used his almighty yuan power to erase the will of the owners of the arrows from the arrow itself. He had taken off the mark from the arrows, and right now they had become objects without owners.

Liu Siufeng looked towards Ye Qingyu, thinking it over. Then with a casual flick, he tossed the three arrows towards Ye Qingyu.

"Commander, this…" Ye Qingyu was greatly surprised.

Liu Siufeng chuckled, and said teasingly, "Did Marquis just not resent us for the fact that we have not given you any support whatever and let you bitterly struggle alone? These three [Piercing Cloud Arrows] have an extraordinary history; it is rumoured that when Heaven Wasteland domain was first born, to fight against the chaos Fiendgods, the citizens of this land used their own bones to create these arrows. They are indestructible and could be counted as a Dao tool. With normal experts controlling it, it is the same as a special sharp blade, able to use it to hurt others. It has the power to kill opponents of a higher realm. By giving you this, this can be counted as making some reparations."

Haha, there was a such a great thing?

Ye Qingyu's mouth split open in a grin.

The destructive power of the [Piercing Cloud Arrows] was clearly witnessed by everyone just now, it really was a precious treasure.

Who would have thought that Liu Siufeng would be so generous.

Since the [Piercing Cloud Arrows] were already objects with no master, Ye Qingyu inserted his will into it and used the [Supreme Ice flame] to slowly refine it, making it become his. There was a sensation of intimacy that was born, as if it was family; one could even feel the familiarity the three golden arrows had with him, as if they possessed intelligence…

The profoundness of Dao tools was definitely higher than Spirit weapons or Sprit tools.

Ye Qingyu slightly inserted his yuan qi into it to activate it.

A radiance that was dazzling to the eyes, instantly erupted from the three golden arrows. An invincible sharp will spread everywhere, emitting an ancient aura that let out shudders of pressure.

"Powerful!”

Ye Qingyu's heart could not help but be shaken.

The strength[1] of these [Piercing Cloud Arrows] was even more sharp and powerful than what he had imagined previously. Just by controlling it slightly, he knew that with his own strength, if he shot these three [Piercing Cloud Arrows] when he was within the [First Limit] of the [Limitless Divine Way], he was able to threaten the lives of experts at the Bitter Sea stage.

These were true killing weapons.

It absolutely could be cards up his sleeve that could turn the tide around.

"Thank you, Commander!"

Ye Qingyu seriously bowed down in gratitude.

After sensing the might of the [Piercing Cloud Arrows], Ye Qingyu instantly realized many things.

Liu Siufeng had given him three golden arrows. This was not only to reward him. Most likely its true meaning was to increase his own strength and ability to protect himself. After all, in these days, he had offended many sects, which included the tops six sects. If the top level experts of the sects were really enraged and decided to attack him, his situation was exceedingly dangerous.

The careful considerations of Liu Siufeng made Ye Qingyu moved in his heart.

"No need to thank me, this is what you should receive." Liu Siufeng, seeing that Ye Qingyu understood his meaning, nodded his head. "The people of the sects are becoming more and more reckless. You have to be careful, in case those people are pushed into a corner… Having not been beaten for so many years, it seems like those people have really forgotten the pain of their scars. It seems like it’s time to remind them."

As he finished saying this, the aura of the [Butcher of Youyan] changed.

Looking at the direction where the [Piercing Cloud Arrows] had shot from, his gaze instantly became cold and sharp.

He lifted his hand and lightly grabbed through the air.

An incredible matter happened.

One could see several hundred meters away from the flagship, in the air covered with dawn sunlight, a crack was suddenly torn in space. They could faintly see a scene through this crack like the interior of a place, like seeing flowers through a mist, everything seemed unreal. But one could still faintly discern several figures within the crevice. As the severe snort finished, before they could do anything,[2] an invisible energy began tearing at the crevice, that turned into bloody rain everywhere, limbs flying…

Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

This…

Heavens.

Tearing apart space.

This was the legendary technique that could tear apart space.

The power of Liu Siufeng was so strong that it had reached such a stage?

This was divine upon divine.

It really made it hard for someone to believe what he had done.

Just who was it that Liu Siufeng had acted against?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 243:


Chapter 243 - Come and do battle

Originally, when Yan Buhui had ambushed Youyan Pass, the two commanders Liu Siufeng and Peng Yizhen were both present. But they could not interfere at all and were blown away by the strong pressure Yan Buhui gave off, unable to receive a single blow before spitting out blood and retreating. This made Ye Qingyu subconsciously feel that the strengths of these two were just average…

But right now, the ability that Liu Siufeng exhibited was tearing apart space with just a casual grab. From an unknown distance away, he grabbed the figures within the palace-like interior from within the crevice of space and killed them…

Such divine ability made Ye Qingyu stunned and tongue-tied, utterly shocked.

This already was not a normal technique.

After connecting this with the image of Liu Siufeng receiving the three [Piercing Cloud Arrows], Ye Qingyu could not help but admit this time, he had really underestimated the Commander of the Vanguard. That day, Liu Siufeng could not interfere in the battle between Yan Buhui and Lu Zhaoge not because Liu Siufeng was weak, but because the two were far too strong.

And the Liu Siufeng right now had finally exhibited his power and charisma. This was the true strength of the [Butcher of Youyan].

Ye Qingyu realized that the moment Liu Siufeng acted, the soldiers on the flagship including Liu Zongyuan and Ye Congyun had heavy admiration madly burning in their eyes. It was as they were the most fanatic worshippers looking at a spiritual leader.

In the air, the crevice disappeared.

"Butcher Liu… You've gone too far!"

An enraged bellow sounded out from within the crack. Qi exploded madly and a violent killing intent emanated everywhere.

"Too much?" Liu Siufeng laughed loudly. "Haha, it seems like you old bastards have really gone senile. Three days without a beating and the child will scale the roof to rip the tiles. It seems that in these years, your bones have gotten itchy again. To dare use the [Piercing Cloud Arrows] to attack our camps within Youyan Pass. This is unforgivable. This time I have only just reprimanded you lightly and killed several of your disciples. The next time, I think that there will no longer be a need for your sect to exist." "You…"

A violent and explosive rumble of rage sounded.

A power that was endlessly bloody and ferocious, surged out from the crack of the air— like a flood that was about to break and destroy everything in its path.

"Hahaha, old bastard, if you really can't bear it, then come and do battle."

Liu Siufeng's long cloak fluttered, laughing loudly; his aura shooting to the heavens.

As he said these words.

The explosive power in the dark crevice seemed to be completely enraged, boiling instantly. It caused the crack in space to become more and more clear, as if the entire sky was about to collapse. Pitch black ink-like mist began seeping out from the crack, as if it wanted to dye the entire sky black…

But this power ultimately did not truly take the leap and travel through the crack in space.

"Liu Siufeng, this matter does not end here."

The previous violent voice rumbled again, filled with fury and hatred.

Then that black explosive power instantly disappeared, as well as the crack in the sky. The interior of the palace in the crack also gradually disappeared.

Even at his angriest moment, that brutal person had to endure his rage.

Liu Siufeng let out a faint smile.

"A bunch of sheep in wolf's clothing… hmph." He snorted in extreme disdain, then barked several military orders.

Wen Wan ultimately remained behind, protecting the new recruit training camp.

Liu Zongyuan and Liu Siufeng left.

As the Commander of the Vanguard, using the phrase “Having ten thousand matters to handle in a single day” to describe him was not much. Especially during this period of time, Liu Siufeng was especially busy, so naturally he could not always remain here. For the flagship to appear here once, and for the domineering method of Liu Siufeng to be exhibited, was significant enough. The information contained within this act was enough for many people to carefully reconsider with fear.

When the blood red flagship broke past the dawn's sun to leave, the surroundings were absolutely silent.

The originally noisy and raucous people outside the new recruit training camp obediently shut their mouths.

The young military officer Sang Fusheng was taken to the camp to rest from his injuries. Ye Qingyu made him leave his detailed address behind, so he could be more easily contacted in the future.

"You caused trouble, but you need me to wipe your ass. Peh, I'm really misfortunate." Wen Wan grumbled in discontent. Liu Siufeng had left him behind to look after the new recruit training camp, and this was a boring task. All the valuable evidences in the camp had been brought away and his mission was only to look after the citizens in the prison.

Ye Qingyu completely ignored the grumbles of this fellow. He suddenly remembered, "Oh, that's right, what about those night pearls that I gave you at White Deer Academy? Had the results of the examination been obtained yet? Just what kind of objects are they? Why was there no news about them? Could you have taken them for yourself?" "I, peh." Wen Wan was enraged. "Do I look like that kind of person?" "Yes." Ye Qingyu seriously nodded his head.

Wen Wan, "…" "Those pearls are somewhat strange. They're not held by me at the moment, if you have the need, I'll go get it for you later. At that time, you should know what they are," Wen Wan mumbled, claiming that the pearls were not currently held by him.

Hearing these words, Ye Qingyu did not ask any further.

After working for the entire night and undergoing several battles, Ye Qingyu was somewhat tired. Bidding Wen Wan farewell, he left the new recruit training camp.

On the way back, Ye Qingyu faintly felt that there was someone following him. But no matter how he sensed, he could not discern anything distinct.

He did not directly return to the White Horse tower, but instead went to the Hundred Herb Hall.

Of course, he did not come to acquire ingredients to create the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet]. Before the [Mysterious Heaven Pellet] was successfully sold, Ye Qingyu was completely destitute. He did not have the financial power to purchase anything. He came to the Hundred Herb Hall for two matters.

Hundred Herb Hall

Ye Qingyu saw Shopkeeper Sui as well as the female herbal master Huang Zhen.

"Weak blood constitution?" Shopkeeper Sui looked at Ye Qingyu, frowning. "Is there someone close to the Marquis that has such a condition?"

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "Do you know how to cure such a condition?" "The weak blood constitution is caused by being naturally deficient, or perhaps being injured at their foundation when they were young. Another way to put this is that their blood qi is not enough or not complete. This is not a terminal illness, but if you want to cure such a condition, the most direct method is [Restore Blood][1] . But normal restoring blood methods will not prove to be effective, using herbs cannot work. Unless there are Spirit pills used for restoring blood, he cannot be healed." Shopkeeper Sui was deeply versed in terms of knowledge of herbs and illness, explaining in detail.

"I need pills of the Spirit class to cure such a condition?" Ye Qingyu was surprised.

This re[2] ally was not a small price to pay.

The rareness of Spirit pills was evident; even the famous [Pill King of Azure Phoenix] Chen Moyun was not able to refine Spirit level pills. According to what Ye Qingyu knew, in the entire Youyan Pass, there were many Pill Masters working for the military. There was not a lack of talents or prodigies, but no one could say with absolute confidence they were able to refine Spirit pills.

Furthermore, the ingredients used to create Spirit pills would definitely be incomparably precious.

As Shopkeeper Sui said these words, Ye Qingyu realized that this method would not work.

It was not that Ye Qingyu was not willing to pay the price. With the debt of the armoured sentries, as long as he was able to do it, Ye Qingyu was willing to pay anything, no matter how great the price to cure Ye Congyun. But the rarity and preciousness of the Spirit pill, was already at a stage where money made no difference. No matter how great the price you were willing to pay, you could not fulfill your wishes.

"Are there any other methods?" Ye Qingyu queried.

"This… The weak blood constitution is when the very foundation of your life is injured. To want to restore it, one originally needs to go against the nature of the heavens. Normal herbs cannot achieve this miraculous result." Shopkeeper Sui frowned and thought for a while, then shook his head. "Forgive me, I cannot think of any other method. But the weak blood constitution is not life threatening, if one practiced martial arts and strengthens their body, their longevity can also be increased…"

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

He of course knew this.

But for the perspective of Ye Congyun, he did not have any meaning in his life if he was not cured.

Shopkeeper Sui closed his mouth without saying anything.

The female herbal master, Huang Zhen, seemed to have thought of something. Carefully, she spoke out, "In truth… there is another method that can cure the weak blood constitution… "Hm?" Ye Qingyu's eyes brightened, "What method?"

Huang Zhen gave a glance to Shopkeeper Sui and stared at Ye Qingyu in surprise. She did not dare tarry and ordered her thoughts, "I once read an ancient lost text that had many methods used to cure various conditions and illness. Within, there was a method that was mentioned to cure the weak blood constitution. If a top level expert is willing to give a drop of blood containing their yuan power and spirit inside into the body of the patient, then this could restore the injuries done to the foundation of their lifeforce…"

The female herbal master carefully explained the theory and practical aspect of this treatment.

Of course, all this came from the ancient text.

"I've only seen it in book and have never tried it out before…" Huang Zhen finished what she said, staring in trepidation at the two.

Shopkeeper Sui patiently listened to this; his brows knitting together tightly. "This… perhaps it's a method that can really work. For those top level experts at the pinnacle, a drop of their blood has vast amounts of yuan qi in it. Their blood qi is extremely strong, so powerful it is hard to imagine. This blood perhaps could restore the lack in the foundation of the patient. In theory, this is workable. But the problem is the blood of pinnacle top level experts is not much more common than Spirit pills."

Ye Qingyu carefully considered Huang Zhen's method. If it was workable in theory, then it was worth a try.

For other people, perhaps blood from a pinnacle top level expert was something that was incomparably hard to obtain. But for Ye Qingyu, this was not anything difficult.

Because in his hands, he namely had a droplet of Lu Zhaoge's blood.

Lu Zhaoge had guarded, with his power, the borders for many years. He was like the sun or sky, with unfathomable strength. He was definitely a pinnacle top level expert. If the method outline by Huang Zhen was really effective, then his drop of blood was definitely usable.

Of course, the requirement was that Ye Qingyu had to hurry and erase the strange power of the flames of darkness from the blood.

"Thank you two for your assistance. If you have the spare time, I would greatly appreciate you to see if there are any other methods to cure the weak blood constitution. You will have my deepest appreciation." Ye Qingyu already knew what he would do in his heart.

"We don't dare. Aiding the Marquis is our glory." Shopkeeper Sui quickly paid his respects.

Huang Zhen also rushed to do the same.

Ye Qingyu took a scroll that he handed to Huang Zhen from his interdimensional pouch. "This is the talent examination of your son in the martial path, for your inspection. Shadow talent is rarely seen. I have a cultivation technique that is suitable for him. But it is not a traditional systematic cultivation technique so I cannot decide easily. You are Ling'er’s mother, so you should make the decision.

Huang Zhen received the scroll with surprised excitement. Giving it a read, she said, "In this matter, I am willing to entirely listen to Marquis."

Ye Qingyu waved his hand, smiling. "This matter is very important. It concerns the future martial path of Ling'er. We need to properly consider it and not rush to make a decision. You discuss it well with Ling'er and tell me the result of the discussion."

Huang Zhen expressed her thanks once again.

Ye Qingyu faintly smiled. Not saying anything more, he bid his farewell.

Shopkeeper Sui saw Ye Qingyu off at the door.

Departing from the Hundred Herb Hall, Ye Qingyu did not have any other matters to take care off. He headed in the direction of the White Horse tower.

The batter last night with White Browed Yu and the others had made him gain many valuable insights. He needed to return and train, carefully pondering over what he had gained in that battle.

Turning the corner of the street.

Ye Qingyu was thinking in his heart, when he suddenly sensed something. Lifting his head, he saw a figure that was blocking his way. The young girl wore a golden patterned mask and a tight fitting dark red dress. Her eyes were as clear as snow as she stood there silently.

Song Xiaojun.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 244:


Chapter 244 - Pass Lord is looking for you

Ye Qingyu never imagined he would encounter Song Xiaojun here.

He was about to go over and say hello, when Song Xiaojun perceivably nodded her head. Without halting at all, she brushed past the shoulder of Ye Qingyu, as if she did not recognize him at all.

Ye Qingyu was taken aback, then faintly realized.

He did not follow behind her but instead continued on towards the direction of the White Horse tower.

But after walking several steps, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized something. HIs footsteps stopped.

"Wait, the direction of the Pass Lord's residence… Xiaojun's expression just now was somewhat strange, could it be… that there is someone observing her in secret?"” As this thought was realized, Ye Qingyu's heart was madly shaken.

His head abruptly turned, looking backwards.

But Song Xiaojun's figure had already disappeared from the streets.

Ye Qingyu unhesitatingly chased after.

As the saying goes, a concerned heart is chaotic. The more he thought about Song Xiaojun's expression, the more he believed something was not right.

Although Song Xiaojun had an extremely icy personality after assimilating with the bloodline of darkness, Ye Qingyu still somehow mysteriously felt a shred of connection between him and her. That indiscernible expression of Song Xiaojun when she nodded her head[1] …

Crap!

Xiaojun was in danger.

As he thought of this, Ye Qingyu complexion greatly changed.

At this time, he did not care about shocking the common populace anymore. His body transformed into a stream of light that flew towards the Pass Lord's residence; silver strands flowing in his eyes with a faint light being released, scanning the areas down below…

On the streets everywhere, there were a decent number of people. But he did not see a hint of the scarlet red dress.

Ye Qingyu's mood became increasingly anxious. HIs figure descended next to the two tallest structures, looking down everywhere. He was like a comet that constantly flickered. After every flicker, he would change to a different place, staring down from a vantage point…

"Who is it?"

There were sounds of from the patrols down below, shouting at him.

Within Youyan Pass, it was forbidden for people to fly in the sky. Especially recently in such chaotic times, everything became much stricter. Apart from the curfew in the night, the restrictions during the day was also extremely strict. After Ye Qingyu had activated his yuan power, the patrols noticed not long after…

Ye Qingyu's anxiousness was like flames, just how could he listen to such restrictions?

He did not even spare a glance for the patrolling soldiers. He once again soared in the skies, arising hundreds of meters above the ground, and stared all around, desperately trying to determine the whereabouts of Song Xiaojun.

One must know that the little girl was one of the original perpetrators who attacked Lu Zhaoge. There were posters to arrest her everywhere within Youyan Pass; the entire Empire was trying to capture her. Normally even when she was carefully hiding, she was in significant danger. Right now, if she really were discovered, she would truly be in danger…

"Impudent, you still haven’t descended. What sect are you from that you dare to be so arrogant?" The captain of the patrol was a Spirit spring expert. Seeing with his own eyes this figure flying in the air without any regards to the rules and flitting to and through the architecture as if observing something, he had long placed this figure into the same group as spies.

The patrolling soldiers rose to the air, wanting to drag this impudent fellow down.

"Back down!"

Ye Qingyu let out a clear loud bellow; the golden light of his military seal exploding. There was a vast pattern that appeared in the air, illuminating several streets. Five kinds of radiance and ten kinds of colour. It was especially pretty to look at.

"It's… Marquis Ye!"

"Patrolling sword envoy!"

The patrolling solders were all greatly shocked. Each soldier was extremely familiar with the military seals from all the different levels and classes of officers. One look was enough for them to determine whom it was. Those soldiers that had risen to block Ye Qingyu's path all fell back to the ground.

"We didn't know it was Marquis Ye, we apologize."

The captain of the patrol quickly made his apologies.

The other soldiers lifted their heads to look up at the heavens, expressions of admiration and respect shown in their eyes.

As soldiers responsible for maintaining order in the Pass, they were nearly driven mad by these Jianghu people. They hated the fact that they could not capture and arrest all these people. But because of the military order, they could not act rashly. After Ye Qingyu appeared and took care of several crazy Jianghu people, a threatening effect appeared. Many people of the Jianghu became much more honest, and their job became more relaxed.

Therefore, these soldiers in charge of law and order were even more grateful than common soldiers to Ye Qingyu.

These patrolling soldiers neatly gave off an military salute towards the air.

Ye Qingyu, at this moment, could not s[2] tay long to exchange words. Returning a salute, his figure was like wind and lightning, as he continued heading the surroundings to search.

……

Half an hour later.

Ye Qingyu had a panicked and anxious expression as he stood at the main entrance of the Pass Lord's residence.

He could not find her.

He had searched nearly all the streets and alleyways within a ten mile radius, but he could still not find the whereabouts of Song Xiaojun. With his current power, if he extended his consciousness and activated his yuan power to the extreme, it was not a difficult matter for him to find someone…

But the dainty figure of Song Xiaojun was like a bubble that had just burst, disappearing entirely, not leaving any clues to her whereabouts at all.

From the moment when Song Xiaojun brushed past his shoulder to the moment when Ye Qingyu realized, only three or four breaths had passed before he started searching.

Just what had happened in this period of time?

Ye Qingyu became more and more panicked.

"Xiaojun's power cannot be compared in the past. In Youyan Pass, apart from Lu Zhaoge, there should not be anyone able to threaten her at all. Perhaps I am just being overly anxious… if she encountered danger, with the power of the Unmoving City of Darkness, if she wants to escape, there should be no one who would be able to make her stay…"

Ye Qingyu deeply breathed, forcing himself to calm down and carefully analyze.

At this moment—

The main entrance to the Pass Lord's residence suddenly opened. A familiar figure suddenly came out and saw the Ye Qingyu at the door. His eyes suddenly brightened, hopping over and said laughingly, "Hey, what are you doing here?"

……

……

A thousand meters away from the Pass Lord's residence.

In the normal small courtyard.

The owner of this courtyard was a normal family of four. At this moment they had already fainted, silently laying in the house. The dishes on the table were still emitting faint wafts of fragrances…

Song Xiaojun stood next to the well in the courtyard. A shred of blood was at the corner of her lips, like a burning flame[3] .

Ten meters in front of her.

Three corpses laid in a blood pool.

They were three people wearing black robes; the weapons in their hands like mourning rods. It was unknown what material was used to construct their weapons. They were pitch-black, like coal and emitted piercing sinisterness. A faint discernable nether mist was encircling above the three corpses, and one could faintly hear the tragic howls of the last moments of a ghost before dying…

Song Xiaojun's body quivered, shaking, as if she could not stand up straight.

"Sister, how are you?"

A panicked voice came over. The air quivered a bit, and Xian'er with braided hair rushed over, supporting Song Xiaojun.

"I came over as quickly as possible after receiving your message. Sister, are you okay, you're bleeding… You've scared me…" There were faint signs of sobbing in Xian'er's voice.

"I'm fine.”

Song Xiaojun shook her head, patting Xian'er head. "I did not think they would come so quickly…

"Those old fellows really have gone mad. To dare assassinate you…" Xian'er looked at the three corpses on the ground, smoke coming out from her nostrils; her teeth grinding audibly together. She nearly crushed her pure white teeth into powder.

"This was a thing that would occur sooner or later." Song Xiaojun's remained extremely calm as always. She let out a cold smile: "I just did not imagine that they would be able to find our whereabouts in such a short time. It seems like there is going to be more trouble in the future…"

Xian'er was taken aback, then instantly understood her meaning. "Sister, you mean…

"Those old fellows specialize in plots and trickery. If they are able to borrow someone's else's knife to kill someone, this is their most ideal method. Perhaps in the near future, the [Youyan army] will discover my whereabouts. Ah, that's right, there are also those people of the sects who think of themselves as heroes…" Song Xiaojun rubbed away the traces of blood at her lips, deeply breathing in.

"Those old poisonous vipers." Xian'er stamped her foot in anger, then looked worriedly towards Song Xiaojun. "Sister, why don't we first depart from Youyan Pass, your injuries…"

Song Xiaojun shook her head decisively. "We can't leave. I injured Lu Zhaoge for that item. If I can't obtain that item, I cannot… No matter what, I must take it away with me. If we leave now, all our efforts will have gone to waste…"

"But sister…" Xian'er still had things to say.

Song Xiaojun shook her head, indicating that she would speak no longer. Her gaze was incomparably determined, not shaken in the least.

Xian'er saw this expression and knew there was no chance at all she would be able to persuade Song Xiaojun.

The little girl sighed in her heart, tightly clenching her short little dagger. She was already planning in her heart that no matter what the price she had to pay, she must not let her sister get injured.

"Take care of them. I set up a Flowing Light Illusion Formation here just now. The owner of this courtyard has fainted and did not see everything, so don't harm their lives…" Song Xiaojun said.

Xian'er opened her mouth, a black arrow made of flames burned the three black corpses, torching them to a crisp until not even a trace of them remained.

"That's right, on the way, I encountered him…" Song Xiaojun flipped her palm, and then the six or seven flames gathered, forming a globe in the center of her palm that disappeared.

In the surrounding air, there were some fluctuations that then settled.

"He… who?" Xian'er was surprised, then instantly realized who Song Xiaojun meant. With a giggle, "You mean that Marquis? Haha, sister you are indeed still thinking about him… But that person is cruel and nasty, he's definitely a hard-hearted character. If he discovers Sister's identity, most likely…"

Song Xiaojun did not say anything.

But in the depths of her pupils, a faint colour flashed by and disappeared.

……

"I was about to go out and find you. To think you would come to my doorstep. Haha, that saves me from doing anything." Xing'er looked laughing at Ye Qingyu. "Quickly follow me in…"

"Enter? What for? You were looking for me…" Ye Qingyu's heart was extremely disordered, not focused. HIs mouth made a reply, but his heart was still concerned about Song Xiaojun.”

"En? What happened to you… you seem like you've lost your soul. Hehe, it’s Pass Lord Lu who was looking for you. It should be something good." Xing'er reached over with his hand to drag Ye Qingyu over.

Ye Qingyu was grabbed by his palm but only felt his palm was somewhat cold, and the hand that was grabbing him was incomparably soft and smooth. He thought something was strange, but at this time, he could not spare too much thought… Suddenly, he was able to sense something.

A mad gladness flickered past his eyes.

"Hm? Xing'er, what are you doing? I have some matters to attend to, I'll leave first…" Ye Qingyu seemed to recover from his dazed state, suddenly realized the person in front of him. Without even finishing his sentence, he transformed into a ray of light that disappeared…

"Eh?"

Xing'er did not know whether to laugh or cry, standing where he was.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

