Chapter 117:


Chapter 117 – [Snow Ground Dragon Ape]

Boom!

It was another horrifying strike descending from the heavens.

The earth shook and the mountain quivered.

Accompanied by the huge noise of something rupturing, the icy peak behind the watch post began to feel the pressure. Finally, under such an onslaught, an enormous crack appeared. The icy layers constantly broke apart and piece after piece of icy rocks weighing over thousands of pounds fell. Beside the peak, the several ice rooms were also smashed apart. Before the sentries in the rooms had the chance to escape, they were swallowed by the ice and snow.

“Quickly go, leave this place.”

Ye Qingyu’s complexion greatly changed, loudly screaming orders.

Fissure after huge fissure appeared on the wall of the ice room they were in. The top layer of ice curved incessantly above them, about to collapse.

“No…” Yan Fan gave off a despairing and painful howl.

Because he saw with his own eyes, ice room after ice room collapsing. Along with the destruction, he saw his comrades of these four or five years being mercilessly swallowed by the ice. One person within having just ran to the entrance was crushed underneath a huge piece of ice descending from the skies. He instantly dyed the snow with blood, one hand extended outside from underneath the boulder.

The difference between life and death was only one instant.

The previous instant… was life.

The next instant… was death.

“Hou!”

In the terrifying bellow of rage, an enormous [Snow Ground Demon Beast], extended his large malevolent head from behind the collapsed icy peak.

This was the originator of this disaster. A monster that looked like an ape but was not an ape.

Amidst the collapsed ice rocks and white snow, this beast had a white face and large mouth, scarlet eyes, the pupil of its eyes just like a blood reservoir. One meter long fierce teeth were extended outside his mouth. Fifty meters tall, the body was exceedingly large. Covered with long white fur, it had four arms. In its huge hands it was holding the snapped off ice peak, using it as a weapon, constantly striking it on the collapsed icy layer.

[Snow Ground Demon Beast].

And it was even a [Snow Ground Demon Beast] that had a relatively pure bloodline.

“It’s a [Snow Ground Heaven Ape]… Heavens, why would such a demon beast appear here? This is impossible?”

A sentry screamed tragically, having already lost all hope.

The [Snow Ground Heaven Ape] was a high class demonic beast. Legend has it that they were the descendants of the ancient silver dragon, possessing an endless power in its body. It was once used as the most optimal tool for carrying heavy weights by both the God and Devil Race and had participated in many large scale battles during the God and Devil Age. Although that era was far, far away, and the bloodline was completely different nowadays, but it still possessed a certain intelligence. The power of Gods was not something a normal Spirit spring expert could withstand.

The [Snow Ground Heaven Ape] should be a demon beast that only appeared within the Youyan area. Why would it appear here all of a sudden?

Although the sentries of the military were resolute, but they could not withstand the strike of such a demon beast.

A calamity had descended.

Boom!Boom!Boom!!

The [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] swung the icy peak in its hands, treating it as if it was a massive staff. Holding it within its four arms, it constantly smashed it against the icy layer.

Under the terrifying force of this beast, an earthquake was undergoing everywhere. The icy rocks broke apart, and crack after crack fissured on the ground!

A piece of ice boulder tens of meters wide fell from above their heads.

“Leave! First leave here then speak!”

Ye Qingyu roared loudly. From his inter dimensional pouch he took out the [Inexorable spear], striking out.

Boom!

The spear met with the enormous boulder. The [Inexorable spear] bent with a curve that was enough to shock one’s eyes.

“Scram off!”

Ye Qingyu loudly screamed, his arm exploding with force. With a boom, he rebounded away the descending ice boulder. The rock carrying with it over a hundred thousand pounds of force in the impact, was directly sent flying by his spear.

The huge beast was not the only creature possessing great physical strength. This was also Ye Qingyu’s special battle method.

Yan Fan and the others recovered, wiping their tears. Biting their teeth, they rushed out from behind Ye Qingyu.

Hong!Long!

The room that was cut into the icy peak crumbled behind their heels.

If they were later by a second or two, they would have been completely covered under.

Ye Qingyu swung his spear, the spear dancing like a dragon in his hands.

Boom!Boom!Boom!

The momentum of the force emitted was like thunder, ice and rock shattering.

Yan Fan and the others only felt a roiling thunder booming from beside their ears. Icy fragments scattered, the falling icy rocks from above them was met with and sent soaring away.

After several breaths, the six people finally came to an outside area where there were not any icy rocks collapsing from above them anymore.

But at this time, the entire sentry post was collapsed. The watch post was constructing relying on the mountain, the back of it facing a naturally formed enormous icy peak. At this time, the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] had crushed apart the icy peak. Apart from Ye Qingyu and the other five people escaping fortunately from this disaster, the other tens of people had all perished.

Yan Fan and the others looked with amazement towards Ye Qingyu.

They had never thought that the inheritor of the military medal would be this powerful. He looked young, but his strength was so great and his aura so valiant. No wonder that he was able to become a military officer at such a young age.

“First I’ll slaughter that beast to avenge our brothers!”

Ye Qingyu looked at the rubble of the sentry post and the dead soldiers buried under. His rage could not help but soar into the heavens. Amidst the shocked exhalations of Yan Fan and the others, he flew through the sky, his spear piercing out like lighting.

The [Fierce Dragon Pierce] of the golden armoured King.

The [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] roared with rage and the icy peak in his hand struck out like a long cudgel.

Boom!

The ice peak shattered.

The enormous figure of the [Snow Ground Demon Beast] was forced to retreat a step backwards by this impact.

Ye Qingyu let off a low grunt, his body being sent flying backwards and striking on an icy boulder far off. The ice cracked apart, and his figure was buried by the collapsing ice and snow.

“Superior…” Yan Fan and the others screamed in panic.

Xiu!

The long spear exploded from the ice.

The Ye Qingyu who was holding the spear with one arm followed behind the spear and soared into the skies yet again.

“I am fine. You guys first go find a place to hide.” Ye Qingyu’s voice reverberated throughout the dark and icy night. “Beast, today I will definitely slaughter you!”

Xiu!

[Banner of Heaven and Earth]!

A part of the [Inexorable spear] descended from the heavens, quick as lightning, bringing with it a force that was like thunder and faster than the speed of sound, the spear was nailed onto the shoulder of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

“AoAoAo…”

The [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] let out a painful roar, pale silver blood spurting out from his injury. Its vicious nature was completely provoked. The other three arms grabbed towards Ye Qingyu.

“Beast, I’ll ram you to death… [Fierce Dragon Pierce]!”

Ye Qingyu’s crazy nature was similarly invoked. He did not evade or dodge, the other half of the [Inexorable spear] stabbing out. Once again, he performed the [Fierce Dragon Pierce] of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King]. Under the explosion of this technique, it headed madly like a mountain landside towards the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

Boom!

One man and one ape violently struck against each other.

Yan Fan and the others hid behind a comparatively safe ice boulder, completely dumbfounded.

They had experienced countless fierce battles in their life before, but they had never seen that the Human Race would use such a crude and brutal battle method to fight directly against the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] possessing divine strength. It was a hard object striking against a hard object. The Ye Qingyu that was burning with a will to do battle was even more like a vicious beast than the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

Boom!

A large and small humanoid shape exploded apart.

Ye Qingyu was once again struck against the icy ground resulting in the creation of a human shaped crevice.

The [Snow Ground Dragon Ape’s] body that was huge like a hill was also forced back, stumbling tens of steps. Its blood was like a fountain that shot out from the three or four injuries in its chest. His entire chest was sunken in with a human shaped indent. Who knew how many parts the bones inside had broken into…

“AoAoAo… Hou!Hou!”

The beast completely went mad.

He possessed some rough intelligence, and was able to sense the terror of the person in front of him. But to be provoked by such a tiny life form made him unable to contain his rage and anger. He struggled to scramble up, bellowing and charging towards the place that Ye Qingyu had just fallen…

Boom!Boom!Boom!Boom!

The ground started quaking.

“Protect our superior!”

Yan Fan and the others held their weapons, preparing to rush out.

“Step backwards, let me handle this beast.”

A noise sounded. Once again, Ye Qingyu’s spear was like a dragon, breaking apart the ice and soaring out.

[Protection of Heaven and Earth]!

Inner yuan activated and yuan qi spurted out from Ye Qingyu’s body. It was as if golden dragons were entwined around his body. From far away, it seemed that his entire figure was enshrouded by a golden light, inner yuan forming a protective field five meters from around him that greatly increased Ye Qingyu’s defensive abilities.

Boom!Boom!Boom!

A man and an ape once again rammed against each other.

This was once again an absolutely berserk and mad battle.

In front of the enormous [Snow Ground Dragon Ape], Ye Qingyu was like an ant facing an elephant. But the force he emitted was absolutely not tiny. It was completely enough to fight against the huge beast in front of him. The man and the beast was sharply opposed to each other, with neither party willing to give an inch. It was a meeting between the copper pan and the iron brush. The surrounding ice layer broke into who knows how many parts, crack after crack appearing on the ground…

Yan Fan and the others witnessed this scene with their mouths open and eyes wide.

“This superior… is somewhat brutal,” a sentry mumbled.

“Not only brutal, he is ferocious,” another sentry said with his mouth open. “Too violent, this is really too violent.”

Yan Fan could not hold back a smile, stowing away the shock in his heart. Giving them a glare, “If you still have the mind to chat, then quickly make the preparations to depart. Given that the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] has appeared in such an area, I fear that this matter will not be simple…”

Before he had finished.

“AoAo…” The [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] gave off a tragic howl.

Peng!

A bloody and huge arm was directly torn from its giant-like body.

The wrist of the torn apart arm was held in Ye Qingyu’s embrace.

“Aaaaaaa, Die, die, die”

Ye Qingyu was completely in some sort of berserk state. The arm he had torn apart, he treated it as if it was a weapon. Striking using his makeshift cudgel, he fiercely struck the body of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

The [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] also went berserk.

Peng!

Ye Qingyu was slapped away, landing on an icy rock far off.

The clothes on his body was shattered into scraps, piece after piece flying away like butterflies. His muscular body was exposed. The berserk Ye Qingyu’s muscles were heavily contracted. As if carved with blade and axe, his figure possessed a violent beauty.

And the silly dog Big Head that was originally sleeping in Ye Qingyu’s chest, jumped out shivering.

The him that had just awoken still was not entirely clear on just what the situation was. With confusion in his heart, he surveyed the surroundings, not knowing what had happened.

But in the next instant, his nose suddenly smelled something. Nose sniffing, his gaze converged very quickly on the enormous arm of the dragon ape in Ye Qingyu’s embrace. The fresh and faintly moving meat along with the fragrance of the meat and silver blood made the silly dog’s gaze begin to glint with a light.

In that instant, he was not confused anymore.

The little fellow let out an excited yelp, not able to restrain his saliva. He panted and charged over…

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 118:


Chapter 118 – Just What is This

The other side.

Ye Qingyu did not take notice of this scene.

“Come, beast, come again…”

Ye Qingyu was in a berserk state. Throwing away the enormous arm in his hand, he rushed forward yet again.

Big Head let out an excited bark. Like a streak of lightning, he charged forward. Leaping on the arm of the massive ape that had been torn apart, he gorged himself happily.

Peng!

Very quickly, Ye Qingyu managed to tear another arm of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

“Huchi Huchi, Wuwuwuwu!”

Big Head once again panted excitedly and bounded over.

The massive arm of the ape that he was devouring was already finished. What was left was only fresh white bones, with not even a shred of flesh remaining. Furthermore, in each of the bones, there were two little holes used to crack the bone open. The bone marrow had been entirely sucked out.

“What is that thing?” The sentries were dumbfounded.

“Are my eyes mistaking me…” The sentries rubbed their eyes, and then saw a white ball of light circling the second arm of the huge ape at high speed. Nearly in an instant, the arm was similarly sucked dried and transformed into pearly white bones.

“It seems like some sort of thing from the superior’s body?” The sentries did their utmost to recall where this creature had originated from.

“Could it be a pet that the superior is raising?” the sentinels asked with a considering tone.

“What nonsense are you saying.” The head of the sentries Yan Fan gave them a glare. “Be careful and cautious, protect the superior…”

Saying this, Yan Fan abruptly realized that there was no way they could interfere in a battle of this scale. They could not be said to be protecting Ye Qingyu at all. Yan Fan unconsciously blushed with shame. But his gaze was suddenly drawn to an object next to the white bones. There was some sort of thing shining with a golden light: “Just what is that, go and see…”

The group avoided the ripples emanating from the battle, skirting around the snow waves and icy rocks from far away. They went over and had a look.

It was a golden wrist protection for the beast.

The gaze of Yan Fan and the others became serious, lifting the golden wrist protection up for inspection. It was around a hundred pounds of weight. The diameter of the wristband could entirely encircle the three or four of them together. Stupidly heavy, there was some sort of special pattern engraved on the surface that had an unknown meaning. This pattern was intricate, and was absolutely not something that the demon beast could create naturally by itself. Very evidently, this gold wrist protection band was originally worn on the body of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape], but the fur of the Snow Ground dragon ape was too long and had covered it. Only when the arm was completely devoured, was it exposed.

“This [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] seems to be raised by someone…” Yan Fan’s mind suddenly realized this problem at this time.

“Huchi, Huchi Huchi Huchi!”

A strange noise was heard.

The several people turned around and looked, seeing a little white dog the size of their palm behind them. He had fallen back from the arm and was currently crouched in front of them. He was sticking out his little pink tongue, the little white milk teeth in his mouth glinting with little sparkles. With a curious expression, he was evaluating Yan Fan and the others.

“A very cute little fellow.” The compassion of the sentinels was instantly invoked.

“Don’t move,” Yan Fan shouted clearly. “It should have been him.” He pointed towards the devoured arm of the huge ape where only white bones remained.

“It shouldn’t be, how could such a little fellow…” The sentries still had suspicions.

Before they finished.

They saw the jaw of the silly dog Big Head shake, as if something was being forced out, then a terrifying thing happened—

The originally adorable jaw suddenly became larger, larger and larger. In the blink of an eye it was four or five meters tall, and the little pink tongue had become a barbed and bloody tongue. The cute little milk teeth became like rows of steel swords, and then from inside this terrifying jaw, something came. A completely clean and enormous white bone was vomited out from the throat.

It was a main bone from the arm of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

After the silly dog Big Head had vomited this humongous bone, the jaw returned to its original appearance. Dainty and cute, the little pink tongue licked its lips and jaws.

Seeing this scene, cold sweat poured from the sentinels.

No one felt the little fellow was adorable anymore.

“Huchi Huchi…” Big Head lifted his head to look up at the people, a strange sound emitting from within. He evaluated the five people with curiosity, a trace of saliva dripping from the corner of its mouth”

“Would it eat even us…” one of the sentinels whispered.

“Is this the pet that superior Ye raised or not.” The sentries were somewhat nervous, seeing the saliva of the little fellow. They felt that in the eyes of this little dog, they held no difference from a delicious arm of the dragon ape.

“Huchi Huchi!”

Big Head hopped left and right.

The speed was extremely rapid. When it jumped, it was like a bolt of lightning whistling through the air. As if by teleportation, he constantly changed his position. The eyes of Yan Fan and the others could not keep up with that sort of speed. Only by following it for several breaths of time did the sentinels feel as if their eyes did not belong to themselves any longer, their eyes spinning.

“Wuwuwu!”

From the mouth of Big Head, saliva flowed out. He stared at the five people, constantly nearing.

Xiu!

He suddenly jumped up, charging towards Yan Fan.

The originally small jaw already showed signs of turning large.

Shit!

He wants to eat me?

The head of the sentries, Yan Fan was shocked.

At this time—

Pak!

Ye Qingyu suddenly appeared in front of Yan Fan and the others and slapped the silly dog that had nearly turned into a streak of lightning flying away.

“Wuwuwu, Huchi Huchi!” The silly dog very quickly rushed back over, squatting in front of Ye Qingyu. He had an appearance that he had been extremely wronged. Black and large watery eyes gazed towards Ye Qingyu, indicating that he did not understand why he was struck.

Ye Qingyu wiped away the frost on his face, and could not laugh or cry seeing this. Pretending to be greatly angered, “You idiot that only knows how to eat. I have always endured the fact that you can eat so much. Who would have thought that you dared to eat people now? Is it that after a while of time, you will even eat me?”

“Huchi… Huchi!”

Big Head quickly rushed to put on an expression. He indicated that he thought Yan Fan and the others were the enemies and this was all just a misunderstanding. Then he came over in a flattering fashion, jumping and rubbing his head against Ye Qingyu’s leg, sticking out its tongue in flattery. He indicated that he would absolutely not eat Ye Qingyu, that he was a very obedient dog.

The little fellow was only a dog, but the expression on his face was extremely rich and agile.

Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu was able to understood what he meant with just one look.

“You can eat so much, can you help and eat that large monkey?” Ye Qingyu panted roughly, pointing at the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] that was also breathing in a similar state.

During the course of battle, the situation of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] had already became incomparably grievous.

Of the four arms, three of them had already been torn and ripped apart by Ye Qingyu. The white bones of the chest were exposed, and its eyes had nearly been struck blind, nearly not even able to stand stably. It supported itself against a humongous icy rock. Silver blood constantly dripped from the wounds, flowing down to the ground and instantly freezing into ice…

The beast was very vicious. After receiving such injuries, it was still incomparably ferocious.

“Hou Hou Hou!”

Supporting itself against the icy boulder, it let out a roar. It’s ferocious killing aura shot into the heavens. Transforming into a bloody gale, it charged towards Ye Qingyu and the others.

Yan Fan and the others could not help but cover their ears, their heart palpitating. They were so shaken that they were near dumb.

Ye Qingyu’s brow also knitted.

And the stupid dog who only knew how to eat, because he had committed a wrong, was currently flattering and attempting to curry favour. He was fawning over Ye Qingyu. The bellow of the ape shook him till his fur stood up. In a flash, like a mad lion that had its mate snatched away during mating, he suddenly became furious. Lifting his heads, in a split second his jaw expanded, transforming into a ferocious bloody mouth that roared back at the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape]!

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu!”

A weak and sissy-like voice sounded.

Compared to the sound waves of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] that could create wave after wave of aftershock, the voice of the silly dog was completely like a fly buzzing.

Ye Qingyu could not help but cover his face.

This was just too shameful.

From now on, he decided he would not let this adorable and stupid dog to make a disgrace of himself anymore. At this moment, Ye Qingyu really wanted to throw away this thing that only knew how to eat. This was really too useless, apart from eating, he possessed no other ability whatsoever.

Yan Fan and the others, could not restrain a smile.

This little dog was too dimwitted, too cute.

“Woof Woof… Huchi, Wuwu!” Big Head did his best, continuing to roar.

At this time, Ye Qingyu could not force himself to watch any longer. He grabbed Big Head’s neck and lifted him up. He was about to say something, but suddenly felt that something was not right. Turning his head to look, he discovered that the heavily injured [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] twenty meters away had long stopped roaring. It was hiding behind an icy rock. As if it was a little child that was badly scared, it was quivering, whimpering noises coming from its mouth.

Just what was this?

Ye Qingyu turned his head to look back at Yan Fan and the others.

The five people were still in a fossilized and frozen state.

Ye Qingyu again looked around at his surroundings. There was nearly nothing else that had appeared.

Could it be?

Ye Qingyu lowered his head to look at the thing he was carrying in his hand. The silly dog Big Head had a face of flattery, panting with his tongue and trying to curry favour with Ye Qingyu. A ridiculous notion could not help but be born in his heart. Could it be that the roar of this little thing had really scared the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape]?

This can’t be true.

Could it be that this glutton was the natural enemy of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape]?

Ye Qingyu thought for a while, then decided to do a brave experiment.

He lowered his head and gave a grin to the silly dog Big Head. Then he directly threw the glutton, sending him sailing in the direction of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

“En, even if the glutton is not the natural enemy of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape], from the speed he just displayed, he can escape. At the most, he will be wounded, how could he die so easily…” Demon King Ye persuaded himself in such a fashion.

But the scene after also made Ye Qingyu enter into a fossilized state.

The stupid dog Big Head, after being thrown on the body of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape], did not display any expression of fear whatsoever. On the contrary, the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] did not dare to move at all. It was quaking, a low pleading noise coming from its mouth…

But it had no use whatsoever.

Big head transformed into a streak of light, rapidly rotating around the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

After approximately ten breaths of time. The [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] had disappeared and was replaced by a complete skeleton. The white bones did not even have a shred of flesh remaining on it. From far away, it seemed like a large scale corpse that had undergone thousand years of wind and this was the fossilized skeleton.

The stupid dog Big Head stood on the skeleton, licking its jaw in satisfaction.

“Fuck…”

Ye Qingyu felt slightly powerless in his language.

Just what was this?

The little thing really caused a living [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] to turn into a skeleton just like nibbling at it like corn?

First, let’s not discuss why it would have such an ability. If your father I, knew about this long ago, then I would have long barred the doors and just released the dog. There was no need to fight for half the day, tiring himself out till he was red in the face.

Ye Qingyu beckoned to the silly dog Big Head.

Xiu!

The little fellow appeared in a flash in front of Ye Qingyu, panting under his feet. He stuck out his tongue and pretended to be adorable.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 119:


Chapter 119 – The Chessboard in the Air

Your uncle, don’t try to act cute!

Demon King Ye silently cursed at the little dog his heart, placing the glutton into another entirely different level. To devour a live [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] tens of meters tall, could this be believed? If not for seeing it with his own eyes today, even if Ye Qingyu would not believe it even if he was beaten to death.

But after experiencing the power of this glutton, Ye Qingyu suddenly felt that he should be a bit gentler towards him.

What if this glutton’s craziness was abruptly invoked and he felt famished? If Big Head wanted to eat him, what could he do?

At this time, Ye Qingyu realized, that even eating was a technique.

After encountering a great enemy, he could just close the doors and release the dog. Then the opposition could just be eaten, hahaha!

“Haha, not bad, Big head. This matter was done beautifully…” Ye Qingyu’s tongue flapped, originally wanting to give more compliments. But after realizing that Yan Fan and the others were still present and he, as the master, should not flatter his dog too much. So he stopped rubbing the head of Big Head instead.

“Huchi Huchi… Wu Wu!”

Having received praise, Big Head was very excited. Using his head to rub against Ye Qingyu’s palm, he acted coquettishly.

Thankfully!

Apart from being able to eat, Big Head was evidently not that smart. He did not mind in the slightest about the brutal treatment he had just received. If Ye Qingyu just treated him a little better in the future, perhaps the trash technique of eating would become useful.

Yan Fan and the others, after this huge shock, finally managed to get their brain juices flowing again. Their thoughts and consciousness slowly recovered.

So this terrifying and bizarre dog was really a pet superior Ye kept.

This really was what kind of person kept what kind of bird.

Only such a strange and violent youth like superior Ye could raise such an outwardly adorable but inwardly terrifying beast as a pet.

“You are not allowed to eat people in the future, do you remember?” Demon King Ye was busy instructing Big Head.

He had also been frightened by the scene of the silly dog Big Head rushing towards Yan Fan and the others. This was not a good omen. Ye Qingyu was really afraid that this glutton would run out and eat people in the future. With the amount he could consume, he could definitely devour hundreds if not thousands of people. This was a matter not impossible for Big Head. At that time, the trouble that would result from this would definitely be great.

“Huchi Huchi!”

The stupid dog Big Head consecutively nodded his head. He jumped on Ye Qingyu’s shoulder, indicating that he understood.

“Superior, this [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] is most likely raised by someone…” Yan Fan interjected. “I feel that this matter is not simple. It is very possible that this [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] was brought here by someone.” The head of the guards possessed wealthy experience. He told Ye Qingyu about what he had discovered and handed over the golden wrist protection.

After examining it for a while, Ye Qingyu agreed with Yan Fan’s conjecture.

Until the present, the beasts that the Human Race were able to tame only consisted of Spirit beasts and Demon beasts.

Spirit beasts were lifeforms that inherited the spiritual influence of Heaven and Earth. Born with intelligence, they could communicate and interact with humans. There were some Spirit beasts that grew up along with humans from a young age, causing feelings being born between them. After they had grown up, the Spirit beast would be able to become their battle companion. And as for demon beasts, they were a branch from the Demon Race. Brutal and vicious with an innate savageness, they possessed a rough intelligence. They had a hard time differentiating between enemy and friend, and there were specialists who tamed these beasts specifically. If they were trained from young, after they grew up, it was very possible they could become a great aid during battle.

The [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] was a fairly high class demon beast amongst the vicious beasts. If there was someone that had trained it from its young, then it was very possible that it was controlled by that person.

From this golden wrist protection, this [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] did not come from the wild. It should be a battle companion that had been raised by humans.

And this would also explain why there would be such a strong ferocious beast appearing in the hundred broken mountain range.

But once this theory was established, this represented a far more serious problem.

Since the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] was a battle pet raised by someone, then this meant the attack on the watch post was definitely not a coincidence. Very possibly, this was a scheme planned by some faction or expert. The death of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] did not signify the end of this matter. More horrifying incidents were about to occur.

Ye Qingyu realized that along with the previous assassination incident, the force behind the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] could have been targeting him.

“I’m sorry, I’ve dragged you into this.” Ye Qingyu apologized to Yan Fan and the others.

The watch post was destroyed, tens of sentries died tragically.

I did not kill Bai Run, but Bai Run died because of me*.

Ye Qingyu’s heart was immediately enveloped in ire and guilt.

He would definitely find the person behind this, to settle this blood debt.

“Superior, there is no need to say such things,” Yan Fan said emotionally. “No matter who it is or what the force that wants to target you, we will definitely not retreat. We are just a group of old veterans that possesses nothing and have nothing to rely on. Although we may not have been able to sacrifice our lives on the battlefield, but when we retreated from the front lines, we were able to fight alongside you. This is our honour. Although tens of brothers have died, they have realized the oath that we made the moment we joined. They died with no complaints. For us, to fight with a holder of the military medal is our greatest honour. We will die with no complaints.”

“Die with no complaints.”

“That’s right, superior.”

On the faces of the other sentries, there was a faint red from being emotionally moved. A glimmer of light was in their eyes.

Ye Qingyu did not know what he should say.

Even though his identity right now was a military officer, but he had not truly provided any assistance as of yet to the army. At this moment, he was incapable of comprehending the conviction of life and death the soldiers had and the interdependence between soldiers. He was incapable of understanding the heroism of advancing wave upon wave, stepping into the breach to replace fallen comrades all for their honour. He was incapable of viewing death as a return home. But the words of these veterans had greatly shaken Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was able to sense a great power on the bodies of Yan Fan and the others. This was not the martial power of yuan qi. This power may not be able to explode with killing force in a split second. But this force was what had truly allowed the Human Race to exist in this cold and merciless world. It was the pillar of their spirit.

“Good, we will bury the brothers that have fallen, then quickly leave from here.” Ye Qingyu did not tarry any longer.

“There is no need.” On the face of Yan Fan and others, there was a tragic determination written on their faces. “As a soldier, to be buried between Heaven and Earth is long something we have prepared for. Our brothers, to be shrouded in ice and snow, to be able to sleep in the embrace of the pure white snow is already fortunate. Compared to our comrades who died in the mouths of the Demon Race, they are luckier many times over… we should just leave here as quickly as possible.”

To prepare against the next hidden attack, they must quickly depart from this destroyed watch post.

But just where could they go right now?

“I know that there is an underground cave twenty miles from here. The location is hidden, it should be comparatively safe…” one of the sentries said, his eyes brightening.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head in agreement. “Fine, lets first go there to hide for a while.”

Before he had finished.

Pok!

A spurt of blood came from Ye Qingyu’s mouth. His facial colour became candle yellow like thin gold.

“Superior…”

“Superior, are you okay?”

The sentries were deeply shocked.

Ye Qingyu rubbed off the traces of blood at the corner of his lips, shaking his head. “I’m fine, its only just that I suffered some injuries during the battle with that beast… No matter, let’s leave here first.”

“Superior, let me carry you,” Yan Fan said.

“There is no need to make such a fuss. Quickly go, I can walk by myself.” Ye Qingyu laughed.

The other sentries, had already uncovered some of the bowls, ladles and so on from the ice and snow cover along with several torches. After tidying the essential goods, under the lead of that armoured sentry, they left at high speed.

The vast wind and snow, completely covered a person’s tracks.

The night was long and slow.

As if it had no end.

……

At the same time.

In an icy peak hundreds of miles from here.

Two figures were sat on a flat icy boulder on the peak, sipping tea and playing chess.

The smooth icy rock about an acre of land in size had evidently been created using a supernatural sword technique to chop the ice peak in half. It was created by force. On the edges of the icy rock, there were numerous strange symbols and formations that were etched using a sword. They fluctuated with a pale silver light, the formation absorbing the yuan qi of Heaven and Earth. The use of this was to create a pale layer of light, covering the entire platform.

Within the light layer, there was no wind nor snow.

A clay teapot larger than the palm, floated in midair. Beneath it was a violent flame. Steam rose from it and the fragrance of tea wafted in the air.

It was unknown what kind of tea was cooking in the tea pot but just a smell was enough to make one carefree and relaxed.

Two people were sitting and drinking tea. One had greyish white hair and one was completely covered in a black robe.

As the fingers of the two people pointed at the air, yuan qi pieces would appear. With a flick of their wrists, a chessboard manifested in the air.

“An hour has already passed, why has [Killing Star] not yet returned?” The grizzly-haired man placed a white piece.

“Your heart is disturbed.” Under the cowl of the black robe, a low chuckle emitted. A black piece created from black yuan qi was placed on the board. “I’ve won. Since Ye Qingyu has a treasure on him, he naturally has cards hidden under his sleeve. You made a beast to do your matters for you, this is far too great a responsibility for him. Most likely, your beast has already been killed.”

“Shut your mouth.” The grizzly man was angered, and waved his hand. The chessboard in the air dispersed, the white and black pieces turning into mist and disappearing. He rose quickly saying, “The strength of the flesh body of [Killing Star] can be compared to a normal ten Spirit springs expert. To act against Ye Qingyu and tens of veterans, just what problem could it encounter…”

Before he had finished.

Kacha.

A light voice was heard.

On the wrist of the grizzly haired man, a jade bracelet shattered, falling to the ground.

The colour of his face abruptly changed.

Since the jade bracelet was shattered, this represented that [Killing Star] was dead for sure.

This jade bracelet belonged to the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] called [Killing Star]. It was its soul bracelet.

The black-robed figure began laughing loudly. “Liu Yuancheng, you feared Ye Qingyu’s military identity and became overcautious, not daring to act with your own hands. To send a beast to do your job, could this be counted as trying to steal a chicken but losing the rice used to lure it? I’ve long said, to do great matters, one must also have great courage. You are still not enough…”

“Shut your mouth.”

The grizzly-haired man roared in rage.

He was namely the registrar of the registrar office in Deer City, Liu Yuancheng.

“[Killing Star] is the battle companion I raised since I was small, it was like my son. Ye Qingyu, it must be you. You killed my Liu Lei, you killed my adopted son Sun Yuhu, and now you’ve killed yet another one of my sons… I swear, I will definitely turn your bones into ashes.” Liu Yuancheng, with ash-coloured hair that stood up like a mad lion rose, angered to the extreme.

“Hoho, just speaking a few words, who doesn’t know how to do that.” The black-robed man sat where he was, with cold mocking laughter and phrases.

Liu Yuancheng let out a bellow of rage, turning into a streak of light, charging into the vast night.

Peng!

The light barrier of the ice peak was destroyed by the impact.

The wind and snow whistled entirely through the sky. The winds like electricity, the pieces of snow like blades.

But it could not invade at all into the meters of space around the black-robed man.

The black-robed man slowly stood up. With a beckon, the clay teapot was in his hands, the violet flame disappearing.

He drank a sip of tea in the pot, and emitted a bizarre laugh. “You avenge the murder of your son, I’ll take my treasure… You best not have any other intentions, otherwise, hehe… if not for relying on you to confirm the location of that little brat, why would I team up with a retard like you.”

*A famous saying in Chinese history regarding the story that someone indirectly caused Bai Run to die through their actions.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 120:


Chapter 120 – Treating the Injuries

The ice cave that the armoured sentry had mentioned was something that he unintentionally discovered during hunting.

The life of a sentry was dry and tedious. Some sentries, during the times where the weather was not particularly bad, would choose to go out and hunt to relieve their boredom. This could also aid in the accumulation of food stores. The sentry, during one of his hunts, fell into an icy crevice by accident. He thought that he was dead for sure. But what he discovered instead tens of meters below the icy layer, was a naturally created ice cave. It was like a labyrinth one could use to shelter from the ferocious wind and snow.

He brought Ye Qingyu and the others near this area, spending over an hour of time before finally locating the ice cave.

After descending tens of meters below the ice crevice, the noise of the outside explosive wind became much less. It made the entire world seem to be much quieter.

The icy cave was like an underground palace made of ice and snow. The space below was exceedingly large. Corridors after corridors of ice passageways led to different areas, with different honeycomb-like ice rooms of all sorts and sizes scattered around. The air was exceedingly fresh and clear, suitable for living in.

Yan Fan and the others found some ice rooms that were comparatively hidden, lighting a fire.

The dim yellow light shone in all directions, passing through the reflection of the ice walls. The glow caused the entire ice cave to become beautiful.

After the reflection of the lighting, brilliant rays of multicoloured lights were formed. It was as if this was a palace from legends.

On the way here, Ye Qingyu had spat out a high quantity of blood. After entering and settling down, he sat in a meditative position, circulating his qi to treat his injury.

The injury was far more serious than what he had initially imagined.

The battle power of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] purely came from the toughness of his physical body. After exchanging several blows with it, Ye Qingyu discovered this aspect. So he chose to fight fire with fire. He wanted to determine just what kind of level the power of his physical body had reached and whether it was possible to fight against this gigantic beast.

Because, after the exploration of the dragon’s den in the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], he discovered that the physical power of his body had explosively grown. It had risen to such a level that even he himself was not clear just how strong his physical body was.

After the [Boundary Canyon Battlefield], Ye Qingyu had not encountered any sort of strong opponents. Therefore, there was not a need to explode with his full strength to do battle.

Meeting the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] today could be counted as finding an enemy to practice on.

But the power of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] far exceeded Ye Qingyu’s current level. But after Ye Qingyu went berserk, he felt that there was a strange energy fluctuating in his bones and limbs. As if this energy was endless and would never dry up, it surprisingly suppressed the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape]. He even managed to tear apart three arms from the dragon ape.

This was absolutely a performance that exceeded Ye Qingyu’s normal level.

Of course, Ye Qingyu also paid a heavy price.

Only he himself knew just how many heavy strikes of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] he had suffered.

From his outer appearance, there were no signs of any injuries. This was due to the fact that after undergoing that experience in the dragon’s den, the skin and flesh of Ye Qingyu’s toughness had risen exponentially. Blades and swords would find it difficult to hurt him. Even though the fingernails of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] were sharp, but they could not break apart Ye Qingyu’s skin and flesh.

The injuries he sustained were all internal.

Ye Qingyu felt like his body had been hammered heavily countless time by a steel mallet, as if his body had been crushed apart. Between his skeleton and muscles, there were many fragments of hidden injuries. But from the outside, everything seemed fine and intact. This type of pain was hard to describe.

Using qi to activate his inner vision.

“My inner organs really have been displaced due to the force of the strikes…” Ye Qingyu could not help but feel frightened after the events. “Thankfully, with both the nameless breathing technique and inner yuan to treat my injuries, I should be fully healed within five days… Mother, it seems like I can’t go that hard in the future.”

His inner yuan activated.

Within the dantian world, in the three Spirit springs, yuan qi springs spouted water pillars hundreds of meters high.

The water rushed out from his dantian world, transforming into inner yuan that entered Ye Qingyu’s bones and limbs. It nourished and healed the injuries he had sustained.

Ye Qingyu sat cross legged, ripple after ripple of yuan qi fluctuating surrounded his entire body.

Yan Fan and the others protected Ye Qingyu in the stone room. They also hurriedly utilized this time to recover.

The watch post was destroyed and the formations for teleportation and communication had also been broken apart. For this period of time, they were in a state where they lost contact completely. A certain amount of time was needed before the military would notice the disappearance of the watch post and send experts to investigate. At least in half a month, they had no method of receiving any help whatsoever.

Yan Fan and his subordinates were currently discussing something.

They had experienced hundreds of battles, and had undergone countless dangerous situations. In such a circumstance, they still remained very calm. They were discussing what further protective measures they should take during this period of time. On the body of Yan Fan was a map belonging to the military that showed the distribution of the various watch posts as well as the comparatively safe routes. According to the instructions of the routes, for an expert of the Spirit spring stage to reach the next sentry post needed approximately half a month of time. This was under the prerequisite of being able to oppose the [Snow Ground Demon Beasts] nearby.

Right now, the greatest threat was the invisible hand behind the scenes.

The person that was able to control an adult [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] was definitely not simple.

If their route was discovered by this person behind the scenes, then they had only one path left: death.

Time passed second by second.

The sentries began using the cooking utensils they had uncovered, beginning to prepare food.

A while later, the fragrance of meat wafted within the ice cave.

“Huchi Huchi…” Big Head was salivating, circling around the large bowl, and sticking out his tongue at Yan Fan and the others in a pleasing fashion. He completely did not have the attitude of a super battle companion that had just devoured an entire [Snow Ground Dragon Ape].

Yan Fan and the others carefully played with Big Head to keep him happy.

The glutton, very quickly becoming familiar with the sentries, lay down and reclined in their embrace, allowing them to scratch him.

The sentries were curious, but also at the same time they did not know whether to laugh or cry. Superior Ye’s battle companion really was too close to humans and his outer appearance was too cute. If not for the fact that they had personally witnessed him devouring a [Snow Ground Dragon Ape], the sentries really did not dare to believe that this was a battle companion.

Time quickly passed on.

The sentries did not know how many bowls of meat they had cooked.

The tens of bowls that they had prepared all ended up in the stomach of Big Head.

In truth, the sentries had never seen a dog that was able to eat so much. Not to mention the fact that he had eaten a [Snow Ground Dragon Ape], simply devouring ten cooked bowls of meat was too shocking. After it was cooked and still very hot, Big Head would just open his mouth and suck it into his stomach. He was not afraid of the heat in the slightest.

The sentries were about to cry.

If this continued on, all the meat they brought would be completely finished. And in the coming half a month of time, they could only suffer hunger.

But this was the dog of Superior Ye, and they could not find a rope to tie around his mouth— what was even more tragic was that if they fought, the sentries would not win against that dog. If not for Ye Qingyu’s intervention, they would most likely have been eaten by this big headed dog and became human skeletons with not even a hint of flesh.

“Huchi Huchi…!”

Big Head’s mouth was dripping with saliva, staring at the twelfth bowl of meat.

“What should we do?” The sentries looked at each other.

Yan Fan could not laugh or cry.

After the sentries had made preparations for the given the twelfth bowl to be devoured by this dog, Ye Qingyu finally stopped in the treatment of his injury.

Puk!

He opened his mouth and spat out a black jet of blood.

The blood was black as ink, and when it fell to the ground it would emit an odour of sharp unpleasantness.

“Superior…” Yan Fan and the others quickly rushed over and surrounded him.

Ye Qingyu wiped away the traces of blood at the corner of his lips, a smile appearing on his expression. “I’m fine, the gathered blood located in the hidden injuries of my body has all been forced out. This is not too large a matter. After treating it several more times, the inner organs can return to their original position… En, it’s so fragrant, did you prepare meat?”

“We just finished cooking…” the sentry said half his sentence then suddenly thought of something. He turned his head to look.

The bowl was long empty.

Big Head was excitedly panting as his tongue licked the last drop of the meat stew into his mouth.

…… ……

“Just what has happened?”

When Liu Yuancheng saw the gigantic skeleton of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] in front of him, apart from feeling rage, he also felt slightly perplexed.

What had happened?

After the soul bracelet had shattered, Liu Yuancheng realized that [Killing Star] had already met its doom.

Just what kind of method, that after killing the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape], would only leave the bones of the corpse behind?

Liu Yuancheng’s heart faintly felt that he had overlooked something.

He uncovered the entire collapsed sentry post, finding twenty-one corpses. Included within were the four military officers that he had arranged beside Ye Qingyu. Then he carefully examined the identity of these people, meticulously investigating the injuries sustained by these people.

“Ye Qingyu is not within the dead…”

“The four military officers died from a sword, and this should be from the same sword. Their bodies were nearly sliced apart… an extremely fast sword!”

“Within the fragments of icy rock, there are also destroyed hidden weapons…”

Liu Yuancheng closed his eyes. In his mind, he imagined everything that could have happened.

The death of the [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] made him angry. But apart from anger, there was also a shred of apprehension. Originally, everything was in his control, but after losing the secret [Snow Ground Dragon Ape] that he had always treated as a card under his sleeve he began to have doubts. Just what kind of secret was hidden on Ye Qingyu?

“No matter what, the watch post is already destroyed. Haha, even if the military investigates, they would think that it is destroyed by the Demon Race. They won’t investigate anything leading to me. As for that Ye Qingyu…” The ash-coloured hair of Liu Yuancheng danced in the strong winds, his face sinister and malicious. “The watch post is already destroyed. Just where can you escape. Even if you hide yourself underground, I can dig you out like digging a rat from his hole.”

Liu Yuancheng activated his yuan qi, energy waves extending in all directions, searching for their tracks in all direction.

At the same time.

A thousand meters away.

A black-robed figure stood silently in the snow and wind, a low chuckle emitting from his throat.

……

Ye Qingyu was treating his injuries yet again.

The movement of his inner organs had injured his foundation. He needed time and rest before he could fully recover.

The Ye Qingyu right now absolutely could not fight anyone. Otherwise, his inner organs would jolt about and the injuries he had sustained would worsen.

The destruction of the sentry post was already six hours ago.

One could imagine that outside the ice cave was brightness and light.

Two hours later, Ye Qingyu awoke from his state.

The injuries had gotten a little better, but still not completely healed

“No matter what, I must treat my injuries then travel to the next sentry post,” Ye Qingyu made his decision. First, he must recover his strength. Once he recovered, everything was possible. The ice cave was a comparatively safe location. If he went out and was discovered by his enemies, he was dead for sure.

Yan Fan and the others also agreed on this point.

But they did not think that not even an hour later, danger would descend.

Liu Yuancheng had found the place they were hidden.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

