Chapter 29:


Chapter 29 – Waves Spreading

Deer City.

Liu family’s mansion.

The head of the mansion, Liu Yuanchang, could be counted as one of the main powers of Deer City. He had received a title of nobility from the royal family of Snow Country, and could be counted as a true noble. The Liu family was also one of the biggest families in the city, and Liu Yuancheng was trusted by the city leader, holding a position of high status and power.

Today—

“The sky is falling down. Not good, not good. Young master Liu Lei’s life plaque is broken…” The servant who was in charge of looking after the ancestral plaques, suddenly squealed like a pig who was about to get slaughtered, breaking the silence of the Liu mansion.

Very quickly, all the important members of the Liu family were alerted.

“How can this be? Didn’t Lei-er go to participate in the practical battle training? What happened…” Liu Yuancheng was about fifty years of age, and looking cultured and elegant. He had three wisps of hair in his beard that grew to his chest. When he was young, he could be counted as a handsome man.

To be able to become a subordinate of the city leader office, the strength of the Liu Yuancheng was definitely great. The way he did things was also flawless and conniving, without displaying joy or anger. But at this time he was shocked and angry, as furious as thunder.

Liu Lei was a son that he had in his later years, and was also his only son. He had always been spoiled causing him to have a warped crazy personality, where he did things without fearing the consequences. Liu Lei had always had the protection of Liu Yuancheng, so even if he caused any trouble, Liu Yuancheng would block it for his son.

During this time in the wilderness training, Liu Lei was accompanied by geniuses like Qin Wushuang. He also had a treasure that could block one full strike from a Spirit spring expert, and the protection of the supervising teacher of White Deer Academy. From Liu Yuancheng’s perspective, his son was definitely safe without any possibility of encountering danger, so why…

“Who killed my Lei-er? Quickly activate the ancestral altar, I need to see what happened. No matter who it is that killed him, I will turn his bones into ashes…”

To activate the ancestral altar was an extremely serious matter, and it also utilized a lot of resources.

But Liu Yuanchang was already enveloped by sorrow and rage, furious as rumbling thunder. His entire body was encircled with a killing intent and he did not take into consideration anything other than vengeance.

Very quickly the ancestral altar began to activate.

Rune after rune began to glow on the altar, with a strange energy emitting from them. A ray of light began to emit from the top of the altar towards an empty space, forming a light screen.

“This is area 9B of White Deer Academy, it is the area with the highest difficulty. Lei-er and the others actually went there… Eh? Nothing is showing, what happened?”

Liu Yuanchang was incomparably flabbergasted and livid.

Within the light screen, an indistinct image of where Liu Lei had went showed up. But at the last moment, the screen was fuzzy and unclear, not being able to indicate what Liu Lei had last experienced. There was a chaotic fog that appeared in the screen, as if there was some kind of energy preventing them from seeing what happened.

“What is happening? Could it be someone that is acting from behind the scenes?”

The ancestral altar was gifted by the royal family of the Snow Country. It was said to come from the hands of rune masters at the Bitter Sea stage, and only people with titles of nobility could possess them. It had never been wrong before, but today it failed to clearly witness the process of Liu Lei’s death?

Liu Yuancheng was both vexed and angry.

“No matter who it is, once I discover him, I’ll make him beg for life and death. I will definitely turn his bones to the ashes, and kill everyone that he knows… Aaaaa, Wuwu, my Lei-er…”

Within the Liu mansion, a sound like the sorrowful and hateful curses of a ghost resounded throughout.

A ray of light shone on the sky, heading straight for White Deer Academy.

The livid Liu Yuancheng, did not care that flying was not permitted in the city anymore. He headed straight for White Deer Academy, the furious sounds of Liu Yuancheng’s anguish resounding throughout the entire Deer City.

“White Deer Academy, my son is dead! I demand an explanation!” …… ……

One day after.

Ye Qingyu had already appeared in a training area a hundred miles from where the incident happened.

He had been there for half the day already.

He threw the bodies of Liu Lei and the two second years into the turbulent boundless river. He then erased all signs and evidence that he had once appeared in that area. Ye Qingyu believed that the torrential rainstorm that had occurred not long after he left, would also aid him in hiding his tracks.

This way, even the top martial experts would not be able to find anything that would link back to him.

Ye Qingyu did not know what happened in the Liu family mansion a thousand miles away. He also did not know that he was able to hide from the observation of the ancestral altar thanks to a mysterious reason.

There was still one day till the end of the practical battle training.

Ye Qingyu did not demonstrate too strong a strength again. He continued to operate in a small area, sometimes killing wild beasts, but he did not hunt demonic beasts again. The majority of the time he spent hiding and continuing to cultivate in the [Tuo stance].

The sixth stage of the ordinary martial stage, the most important aspect was to train and strengthen your organs.

According to the [Tuo stance] techniques, one needed to activate the purified blood and bone marrow from the fourth and fifth stage, and use that to continuously nourish the organs within the body. Only by transforming the organs till they are translucent and clear, ridding it of any Houtian impurities, could it be counted that he had reached the consummate stage of organ stage.

This was a process that required him to be slow and deliberate.

Ye Qingyu did not rush. Every day he would calmly and steadily continue to cultivate.

Midday, when Ye Qingyu had just awoken from his state of mediation from training in the [Tuo stance], and was about to practice his spear form, when suddenly—

Xiu!

A sharp explosion reverberated throughout the air.

On the blue sky, a humongous image of White Deer Academy appeared, that was extremely realistic. Everyone from hundreds of miles away would be able to see this image clearly.

“This is the academy’s assembly order!”

Ye Qingyu stood up, thinking.

According to his original estimation, it should have been tomorrow before the wilderness training would end. But since the academy had given the assembly order earlier than expected, something must have happened. The greatest possibility for this change was that the death of Liu Lei and the others had finally been discovered.

Ye Qingyu smiled. After stowing away his things, he set off, heading towards the gathering point.

His heart was without fear.

…… ……

“What? Liu Lei died?”

After hearing of this news, a stunned expression appeared on Qin Wushuang’s face.

He could hardly believe what he had just heard. He looked towards the students beside him, and seemed to suddenly have thought of something. His head lowered towards the ground, countless ideas and speculations floating inside his mind.

Yan Xingtian and the others, who were rushing to get here, were also greatly stunned by the news.

During the group training of White Deer Academy, there had always been a certain element of danger. Heavy injuries had occurred before since this was an exercise used to train their practical battle abilities. But in the last forty years, there had been no deaths that had appeared during this exercise.

And when everyone thought about the status of Liu Lei, everyone realized that the ensuing storm would definitely be big.

How did Liu Lei die?

No one knew.

The atmosphere around was as if it was frozen solid. There was an indescribable seriousness and chilliness.

Four respected elders from the academy had rushed here from Deer City to control the situation. On one side they asked information about Liu Lei and on the other side, they reassured members of the number one Heaven group.

The other side.

Liu Yuancheng was standing with a cold fury on his face.

He was like a crazed lion that had lost its cub. He stood there silently, observing every member that was worthy of suspicion. Perhaps Liu Lei did die at the hands of a demonic beast, but these students were also suspects.

Liu Yuancheng was like a volcano that was about to erupt.

Beside him, twenty experts from the city leader’s office and the government stood there. They were as fierce and imposing as flames, standing there waiting for their orders.

In reality, in the past day, they had already investigated the entire 9B area. They did not let go of any suspicious aspects, especially the fact that the light screen of the ancestral altar was blocked and made them unable to investigate Liu Lei’s last moments. Everything was investigated.

Every member of the number one Heaven group was not alerted to this fact. Instead, they secretively observed them for a period of time, but it was a pity that they had not yet discovered any clues.

Liu Yuancheng who was enraged to his limits, once again took it out on White Deer Academy.

What made the teachers of White Deer Academy embarrassed and awkward was the first person to discover the death of Liu Lei was the city leader office and not the supervising teacher. Unquestionably, this placed the entire White Deer Academy in an unfavourable and defensive position.

And what made the academy even more passive, was up until now, they had still not yet discovered the corpse of Liu Lei. They did not even know how he had died.

Time passed on.

The members of the number one Heaven group returned one by one. When they heard this news, they were all speechless.

Ye Qingyu was the last one to appear.

He came alone, and attracted the gazes of everyone.

“What? Liu Lei is dead?” When Yan Xingtian told the news to him, his eyes opened wide in shock and astonishment. He had an extremely stunned expression, as if he was a rabbit that was petrified.

This made the suspicions of Qin Wushuang and Yan Xingtian to evaporate.

Could it be that Ye Qingyu really did not know anything?

Liu Yuancheng’s gaze rested on Ye Qingyu’s figure. His eyes were like dissection knives, wanting to inspect every inch of Ye Qingyu’s body, from the inside to the outside.

In the process of the interrogation, he had already gathered from the mouths of Qin Wushuang, Yan Xingtian and the others that this teenager once had a grudge with Liu Lei. And Liu Lei also secretly planned to deal with this teenager.

If the perpetrator really was hidden within the students, then unquestionably, the commoner named Ye Qingyu had the greatest suspicion.

But after thinking for a bit, Liu Yuancheng could see the flaws in this assumption.

Ye Qingyu’s strength was only at the beginning stages of the sixth stage of the ordinary martial stage. Even if he had a greater strength than normal and was able to win against his son, it was impossible that he was able to win against the two students that his son had recruited. It was even more impossible that he possessed the power to block the observation of the ancestral altar.

After thinking this, his anger was even greater than before. Who could it possibly be?

The night arrived.

The interrogation and investigation continued.

Every student was asked three or four times where they had been, with Ye Qingyu being interrogated the most. Not only was he the one with the greatest suspicion, he was also the only person that had always acted alone without other students vouching for his whereabouts.

But in the end, no matter whether through the investigation of White Deer Academy or the Liu family, no clues were discovered.

The fake teacher Blue Sky came wrapped in bandages like a mummy, bumping and hitting against everything on his way. When Liu Yuancheng saw Blue Sky, the anger he had been suppressing finally erupted.

The freshmen students were concentrated within their tents, and everyone was not able to sleep.

When half the night had passed, they were able to hear the shouting of angry voices and heated discussions. After that, they could hear the terrifying clash of energy, evidently there were true yuan qi experts who were fighting. This continued on for a long time…

When the morning arrived, an old teacher announced with an expressionless face that the training had ended.

By the time it was noon, everyone had returned to Deer City.

On the surface, everything seemed peaceful.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 30:


Chapter 30 – Characters from the Fiendgod Age

Afternoon.

It was a sunny day.

In the practice grounds of the first years in White Deer Academy.

“I would never have thought that you were able to reach the sixth stage of the ordinary martial stage in such a short time. Motherfucker, you little bastard, how were you able to do this?” After inspecting Ye Qingyu’s cultivation when the lesson was finished, the burly teacher could not help but swear.

“Eh, I just practiced and practiced and then it just naturally became like this…” Ye Qingyu had an innocent face, trying to be endearing.

Wen Wan suppressed the impulse to strangle Ye Qingyu’s neck.

He suddenly suppressed his voice, sneakily looking around, then said, “Hey, speak the truth. That madman Liu Lei, did you take care of him? Don’t worry about me telling everyone and tell the truth. In reality, your father and I have long disliked that crazy person!”

“Its not me.” Ye Qingyu honestly shook his head.

Wen Wan was taken aback, then he let out a hmph.

But very quickly, he thought of something and said, “Its best if it wasn’t you. But, the Liu family will not let you go so easily since you are the one with the greatest suspicion…”

Ye Qingyu casually shrugged his shoulders.

Wen Wan was again irritated by his bland attitude, saying, “This time, you really have to thank the person called Blue Sky…”

“Him?” Ye Qingyu was slightly perplexed.

Wen Wan gave him a look of scorn, saying, “What? You don’t know? At that night in the wilderness, Liu Yuancheng since he couldn’t find the killer or the corpse of his son, he was driven crazy with anger. Under his rage, he wanted to place you under torture and interrogation with the intention of completely breaking you. He would rather mistakenly kill off ten thousand, rather than let one get away. In the end, it was the wild Blue Sky who insisted on protecting you no matter what. Ultimately, this made both parties fight each other…”

“Ah?” Ye Qingyu was completely astonished.

Did this really happen?

“Ah? Ah your fart! Young man, you are really too inexperienced and have underestimated the dangers of this world!” Wen Wan with an exaggerated expression of disappointment, sighed theatrically. “Liu Yuancheng is a noble appointed by the royal family. In his anger, both the city leader office and the academy needed to give him an answer. If he really was determined to cripple you, you would really have been finished. But who knows what medicine that lunatic Blue Sky ate that day, he was like a king eating a weight*. He resolutely decided to protect you, and in a moment of anger, he killed three experts from the government and injured Liu Yuancheng till he spat blood and fled. Only through doing this were you protected…”

“Ah?” After hearing what had happened behind the scenes, Ye Qingyu was incomparable shocked.

“Ah your father! Apart from ah do you have any other phrases?” Wen Wan covered his face with his hand and scolded Ye Qingyu. “After explaining so much, do you finally understand?”

“Understand what?” Ye Qingyu continued to be in a state of blankness.

“I. Fuck. You…” Wen Wan continued to swear exasperatingly. “Your current situation is very dangerous. So during this time, be on your best behaviour and don’t give the Liu family any chance at all.”

“En.” Ye Qingyu nodded his head absently.

Wen Wan was completely speechless.

He regretted saying so many things, it was basically akin to playing a lute to a cow.**

But he could be certain that the little bastard Ye Qingyu was extremely deceitful. On the surface, he pretended to be in a daze, but underneath he was even craftier than a ghost.

“Oh, that’s right, who would have thought that this teacher Blue Sky was such a fierce person…” Ye Qingyu said, deeply moved. “As the person in charge of supervising the students he not only did not take care of his duty but also refused any responsibility for the death of Liu Lei. Who would have thought, that instead of apologizing to their family, he would beat Liu Lei’s father until he spurted out blood. Isn’t this too tyrannical?”

“Him?” Wen Wan pressed his lips together. “You really don’t understand him. Compared to the things that he did in the wildness, what he did here was just child play…”

Ye Qingyu was suddenly extremely curious about this fake teacher.

“But what he has done, won’t the academy punish him?” Ye Qingyu said worryingly.

“Of course they’ll punish him. The Dean of the academy has already taken care of it, he is punished to be confined in the [Grievance Hall] for three days…” Wen Wan said with a chuckle.

“Eh?” Ye Qingyu was blank for a bit. “Although I don’t really know what the [Grievance Hall] is, but this punishment seems far too light!”

“It’s more than just light.” Wen Wan had a similar sentiment. “It’s so light that it makes one’s hairs stand up. The Dean is evidently protecting that child. The [Grievance Hall] is the bedroom of Blue Sky, the Dean only grounded that lunatic in his bedroom for three days. Hahahaha! That is too shameless!”

“Fuck.” Ye Qingyu was completely shocked by the unprincipled actions of the Dean to protect Blue Sky. “This really is too shameless, too shameless!”

Wen Wan patted Ye Qingyu on the shoulder and said with a laugh, “Are you jealous? Work hard, you little bastard. Wait until the day where you can shock everyone in the battle between the ten academies like Blue Sky. Wait until the day where you can enter the Bitter Sea stage before twenty like Blue Sky. If you are known as the number one genius in the entire history of White Deer Academy, then the Dean will also protect you no matter what happens.”

“So it was this.” Ye Qingyu suddenly understood the actions of the Dean, then said in a perplexed tone, “Then why did Blue Sky protect me?”

“This…” Wen Wan held up his hands to the air. “When you have free time, go personally ask that lunatic!”

After saying this, Wen Wan shook his head. “I think you must attract crazy people. One madman wants to kill you and ends up dying. One lunatic wants to protect you and ends up being confined. Ahaha…”

Ye Qingyu, “…”

Wen Wan continued to tease Ye Qingyu for a bit, before becoming serious. “Fine, let’s speak of other things. What do you plan to do from now on? There is only a couple of days till the monthly examination of the first years, do you have any ambition?”

Ye Qingyu shook his head. “I have none.”

“What? You really don’t plan to participate in the monthly examination?” Wen Wan was taken aback.

“I will participate, but I won’t be in the spotlight,” Ye Qingyu said.

Wen Wan blinked, then rapidly understood. He nodded his head. “That’s fine, lie low for a bit… But, I’ve heard that both Qin Wushuang and Yan Xingtian received huge benefits from the wilderness training. They have both broken through, and have now stepped into the Spirit Spring stage. And as for Song Qingluo and the others, they are also improving rapidly. If this continues on, I fear that the people of the academy will soon forget about you…”

Ye Qingyu laughed. “Why are you so concerned about me?”

Wen Wan laughed. “Because I like you.”

“Disgusting,” Ye Qingyu said flatly. “That’s right, I have three pearls here that I obtained from killing a clam. It’s a little strange, can you help me find out the origins of it?”

Saying this, Ye Qingyu passed over the three pearls that he had obtained from the golden clam in the river.

Wen Wan fiddled with it for a bit, his expression becoming more serious. “This is quite interesting, even I don’t know what it is. How about this, I’ll bring it to my friends in the [Rare room], those people interact with strange and rare items on a daily basis!”

Ye Qingyu nodded his head.

“Then it’s decided, wait for my news, haha…” Wen Wan suddenly laughed loudly like someone with a mental illness. Then his figure quickly flashed, with the same agility as a startled dragon. He stepped on the statues at the edge of the practice ground as if they were branches, fleeing lithely away.

“Sigh, every time he has to show off his lightness skill*, is he unable to walk normally?” Ye Qingyu criticized.

……

The second day.

Waiting till the queue of first years exchanging academic points had died down a little, Ye Qingyu brought the [endowment bones] he had obtained to swap for academic points. In this trip, he had managed to reap a lot, obtaining over fifty [endowment bones].

This number, when compared to the average of three or four that other students obtained, was as if Ye Qingyu had gotten rich in one quick day.

But Ye Qingyu was careful and cautious. This time, he only brought out six bones to be swapped, and adding to the items he harvested from the golden python like scales and fangs, he managed to obtain twenty academic points.

Accompanied by the envious gazes of the other students, Ye Qingyu nonchalantly left the administration area. He headed for the martial library of the first years, wanting to investigate something.

The library was the place where White Deer Academy stored scriptures, ancient books and martial manuals. It was one of the most important places of the academy.

And the martial library within the first year district was a white pagoda with two floors, ancient and unadorned. The scale could not be counted as large, holding less than ten thousand books within, with the majority being some low class training manuals. But from the perspective of the first years, this was already enough.

It was said that there was once an abnormal genius who managed to memorize every book within this library. In the end, he managed to amaze the world, become one of the most powerful people in the region.

This was the first visit of Ye Qingyu to the martial library.

The teacher in charge of guarding the library checked the nameplate of Ye Qingyu before allowing him to enter.

Within the stone pagoda, the lighting was extremely bright. On the stone shelves were all kinds of different books and scrolls. There were different types of martial manuals, there were memoirs about training in the ordinary martial stage, there were spirit herbs encyclopedias, there were historical records…

In a world where the martial path was prosperous, everything was related to the martial way.

Ye Qingyu searched carefully, finally arriving in front of the shelf written [Ancient Characters and Rare Items], located at the second floor.

Comparatively speaking, this was a section that was neglected. Not many people read books from this shelf. In total, there were less than a hundred books and the books were covered with a fine layer of dust. It looked like it had been many years since anyone had opened these books.

Ye Qingyu could vaguely hear the lonely sighs of these books.

“En… [Illustrated Handbook of Strange Characters], it’s this one!”

He finally had a book that suited his needs.

Ye Qingyu took out the book that was three fingers thick. It was a handwritten, string-bound book and was not printed. On the front of the cover was written [Illustrated Handbook of Strange Characters] and on the spine of the book, there were words saying ‘Compilations of Gao Shenghan’.

It looks like there was only one copy.

It was a pity that the contents of this book did not have much relation to cultivation, causing very little people to be interested in it. The only reason that Ye Qingyu was interested in this book was because he needed to investigate the words on the Bronze book and what it meant.

Ye Qingyu had an intuition that the book he obtained from the golden clam was definitely not simple.

“Eh, this [Illustrated Handbook of Strange Characters] is really detailed in splitting things into category, there is even an index… It really is a dictionary for all strange characters. The one who wrote this book, Gao Shenghang, just what kind of person is he, to be so knowledgeable?”

After only looking at a few pages, Ye Qingyu could not help but marvel at this book.

“It looks like, the words on the Bronze book belongs to… En, it’s from the ancient… No that’s not right, its characters are from the Fiendgod Age. Heavens, how can it be from such an era that long ago!”

*Err I would like to say I know what this means. I don’t. 王霸吃秤砣. Anyone knows that this actually means and translates to? **Means that you are doing something to an audience that done not appreciate it.

***轻功 A term really common in wuxia novels, basically refers to their techniques to escape or move

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 31:


Chapter 31 – Fiendgod Title Chart

Ye Qingyu continued searching within the dictionary, finally finding some clues.

The Heaven Wasteland domain had only been in existence for a hundred or so years, and was one of the youngest in the countless domains. But it was rumoured that the history of these countless domains stretched extremely far back.

There had been historians who had categorized the past into various ages since time immemorial. These were split into the Primordial age, Fiendgod Age, Greater Ancient age, Far Ancient age, Upper age, Middle Age and the Near Ancient age. In every age and period, there had been an earth shattering event large enough to change the entire history and direction of the countless worlds.

The Fiendgod Age was said to be an age almost as far back and as ancient as the Primordial age. From the legends, this was a period where Fiendgods ruled for millions upon millions of years. At the time, both the Demon race and the Human race were just in their infancy, with their strength being far too small. They were just objects to be slaughtered or enslaved.

Ye Qingyu would never have thought that the Bronze book was related to the Fiendgod Age.

He had originally thought that these strange characters belonged to domains outside of Heaven Wasteland.

“If it is really this, then the meaning of these words using the translation from the Fiendgod Age is… Fiendgod…Titled…Chart… Endless Title Chart?”

Ye Qingyu was slightly confused.

[Fiendgod Titled Chart]?

What did that mean?

Fiendgod, did it refer to the Fiendgod Age? [JR1] [AT2] [AT3] Then what did Titled mean? Does it mean the titles of nobles? Or does it mean the titles of martial experts?

Ye Qingyu kept turning the name of the book over and over, but did not managed to figure out the meaning behind it.

Although he felt slightly disappointed, but Ye Qingyu felt more and more interested in the person that was able to write the [Illustrated Handbook of Strange Characters]. What kind of person was able to write such a book, that they were even proficient in the words of the Fiendgod Age?

The next four hours, Ye Qingyu carefully read and inspected this book.

His memory was extremely potent, and nearly every word he read, he could remember.

By the time the martial library was closing and the sentry had chased Ye Qingyu away, he had already remembered the majority of the contents in the [Illustrated Handbook of Strange Characters.]

“I suddenly feel that to go to the martial library whenever I have free time is a very good choice!”

Ye Qingyu stood outside the white pagoda, looking at the doors slowly closing. He abruptly felt somewhat reluctant to leave.

He suddenly realized that previously, he had neglected the significance and the uses of the martial library.

Within White Library, apart from the teachings of the instructors and your own training, the silent library was a treasure easily ignored by everyone. The riches and wealth within could only be detected by someone with the necessary perception.

After eating his dinner at the canteen and returning to the dormitory, Ye Qingyu continued to train.

His other three roommates formed a group, with an extremely snobby attitude, not caring about Ye Qingyu in the slightest. Ye Qingyu was too lazy to bother with these so called elite students, similarly ignoring them.

In the blink of an eye, it was deep in the middle of the night.

The moonlight entered throughout the glass, turning the room into a frosty white.

Ye Qingyu who was sat on the stone bed in a meditative stance, slowly opened his eyes.

“The [Tuo stance] is indeed profound, but for some reason, I feel that it cannot be compared to the nameless breathing technique my father taught me by far…” Ye Qingyu carefully considered.

These few days, his training speed was extremely rapid. He had already entered into the middle phase of the sixth stage. The impurities in his organs were constantly being cleansed, and his organs were slowly becoming more and more translucent.

The purification of the organs seemed to have no direct relation to the growth of his strength. Apart from expelling the Houtian qi in his body and preparing himself for the Xiantian stage, this was a training for his mentality and mind.

A corresponding power level had to have a corresponding state of mind.

The foundations of Ye Qingyu – especially his theoretical aspect – was extremely weak. These days of training in the [Tuo stance] and meditating on the process of training in the ordinary martial stage, had significant benefits for him.

Breathing out a breath of impure air, Ye Qingyu stood up, walking to the windowsill.

He took out the Bronze book, inspecting it carefully under the moonlight.

The Bronze book was only the size of his palm and yet strangely weighed about five hundred pounds. The peculiar words on the cover, under the illumination of the moonlight, gave off an indistinct and abnormal glow, emitting a sense that it had passed through countless years.

“[Endless Title Chart]. What do these words mean?” Ye Qingyu mumbled to himself, repeatedly pondering.

He did not realize that as he was constantly muttering the name of the book [Endless Title Chart], a change began to happen.

On the ancient and mysterious Bronze book, on the cold to the touch and rough surface of the book, something began to appear. Under the shine of the moon, radiant ripples began appearing.

It was as if the words that Ye Qingyu constantly muttered had a spell-like power. Under the moonlight, his words unceasingly entered into the Bronze book.

“This is…”

Ye Qingyu finally realized the change that was happening.

Before he could react, his hand had gotten lighter. The mysterious Bronze book had disappeared.

“What happened?”

Ye Qingyu was scared by what had happen.

This was really an extremely disturbing occurrence. When he looked around, the Bronze book had completely disappeared. He could not find any traces of the book, as if it had never appeared in the first place.

What had just occurred?

The next instant, there was another abnormal occurrence.

Ye Qingyu could suddenly feel a strange warm energy moving in his mind. Before he could react, his vision blurred and an expanse of a dark sky littered with stars appeared in front of his eyes.

“What kind of ghost is this?”

Ye Qingyu’s heart was beating wildly. He vaguely knew that the things that had happened must be related to the ancient and mysterious Bronze book. The heat in his brain, and the things he had seen just now, could it be…

Could it be that the starry sky in front of him was his sea of consciousness?

Ye Qingyu vaguely guessed.

From rumours, it was said that once a martial artist reached the Xiantian stage, then he could observe inside himself, looking at the sea of Dantian* and the sea of consciousness. The existence of these two was the fundamental reason for why martial experts were strong. It was said that the majority of the sea of consciousness for martial artists was endless starry skies.

And at the same time he was guessing, another strange thing happened —

Within his sea of consciousness, there was suddenly a strange beam of light, giving off a bronze shine. Line and line of light shimmered in a strange fashion, forming a pattern. As if it was creating something from the light, a humongous Bronze book began to appear from this pattern.

“This is the Bronze book! Endless Title Chart!”

Under the shock of Ye Qingyu, he instantly recognized the object appearing in front of him. It was the Bronze book that had strangely disappeared. But compared to the cold and dead Bronze book in his hands, this Bronze book seemed as if it was alive. Whether it was the strange characters or the patterns engraved upon it, they both gave off an air of vitality.

“So the Bronze book really went into my sea of consciousness. But this is really strange, according to normal reasoning I haven’t entered the Spirit spring stage and hence not entered the Xiantian stage yet. I should have no way of seeing my sea of consciousness, but right now…”

When there was something unusual happening, there was sure to be a demon behind it.**

At this time, Ye Qingyu could not confirm whether this occurrence was good for him. But thankfully the Bronze book shone with a bright and radiant light, not looking like a demonic object of evil at all.

“I wonder if this book can be opened…”

An idea appeared in Ye Qingyu’s brain.

The next instant, as if sensing Ye Qingyu’s ideas, the first page of this humongous book began to flip open…

As if it was a hologram, an image began appearing in front of Ye Qingyu.

Not only were there words, there were also pictures.

It was a very beautiful and detailed picture. There were scenes of Fiendgods doing battle, there were scenes of wondrous treasures appearing, there were scenes of divine weapons subduing monsters, and also scenes of living creatures soaring through the skies…

Every scene had a strange energy that could cause a person’s soul to be submerged into it. It also had corresponding words with the scene.

Words from the Fiendgod Age.

“The meanings of these words… En, it also looks like an index. This [Endless Title Chart] is also something akin to an encyclopedia… and these diagrams are also from the Fiendgod Age, it means…”

Ye Qingyu attentively watched the book.

After reading the [Illustrated Handbook of Strange Characters] in the martial library, he could vaguely understand the characters of the Fiendgod Age. Right now, in his concentration, he could understand some of the words.

“It can be roughly divided into three categories, being… [Titled Fiendgods], [Titled Divine Weapons] …and [Titled Strange Objects]!”

Ye Qingyu could understand some of what he read.

But these diagrams only glowed with a pale light, completely different from the bright and radiant shine of the cover of the book. What would the next page of the book hold…

Ye Qingyu thought, wanting to turn the next page of the Bronze book to see the contents.

But this time, no matter how he willed, the Bronze book did not automatically turn.

And when Ye Qingyu wanted to close the book, the next instant, the book closed.

It opened again.

It closed.

Ye Qingyu came to the conclusion that he could only open the first page right now, and was not able to open the following pages… was this related to his current level of strength?

Right now, Ye Qingyu could not determine exactly what the uses for this Bronze book were and the power it had. But he could vaguely feel, that the mysteriousness of this Bronze book far exceeded his imagination. An object from the Fiendgod Age was definitely not normal or simple.

With a will of his thought, he left the sea of consciousness.

His sight returned to the scene of his room. It was as if time had stopped, and nothing had happened at all.

“Who would have thought that such a thing would happen. But the history of this Bronze book is too mysterious. Since it can automatically enter the sea of consciousness, then this can be counted as a good occurrence since it will not be easily noticed by others.”

Ye Qingyu was an optimistic person, always thinking of the good side of everything.

He placed aside the things to do with the Bronze book and continued to meditate and train.

There was no difference between day and night for Ye Qingyu.

……

Time passed day by day.

In the blink of an eye, the time for the monthly examination had come.

*where qi is stored.

**Chinese idiom for when something strange is happening, there is definitely a reason behind it.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 32:


Chapter 32 – Falling Monthly Examinations

The monthly examination was something that every student had to go through per month.

For this examination, the questions were set by the teachers of the academy. The contents of the questions would largely relate to the different forms they were taught during this month, to test their training progress. From the results of this, a new ranking would be made.

And within this monthly examination, the students had the right to challenge anyone on the list of ten. If they were able to win, then they had the right to take their place. For many students, this was an extremely precious opportunity.

Some could say that the importance of the monthly examination was even greater than the wilderness training.

Because in the end, the rankings of the monthly examination would be announced to the entire Deer City. Those who scored well would become the center of attention and be someone the entire city would aspire to be.

People chased after fame, such is the way.

Of course, there were also students who wanted to just purely follow the martial way, and used the monthly examination as an opportunity for training and to prove their strength to themselves.

But Ye Qingyu did not have great interest in any of these two reasons.

Firstly, it was because this would waste time. The second reason was because of Liu Lei’s incident; he did not want to reveal his true strength.

The current him, only displayed a strength comparable to the early phases of the sixth stage. That was the reason why people thought he was not the perpetrator; they thought it was impossible for him to kill Liu Lei and two other second year students. But once it was revealed that he had the strength to kill people of the Spirit spring stage, then Liu Yuanchang had an even greater reason to be suspicious of him. It would bring unnecessary trouble.

Besides, for him the rankings did not have much meaning.

True strength was not something that could be measured in terms of ranks.

So therefore in the monthly examination, Ye Qingyu performed just so-so. Even in the martial arts duel, he did not display too great a strength. The final result was that he obtained one victory and two losses, quickly finishing the contents of the examination.

Apart from the time spent in the monthly examination, he would either be in the martial library or in his dormitory, cultivating in the [Tuo stance].

Ye Qingyu’s strength grew step by step.

He was like a caterpillar in his cocoon, waiting for the day he could finally emerge from his shell. On that day, under the colourful sunlight, he would take flight, leaving only a beauty image that people could only admire!

Three days later.

The monthly examination of the first years finally ended.

A new ranking was quickly produced by the academy.

On the stone mirror in the center of the practice grounds, name by name began appearing. When compared to the selection process ranking, there were new changes!

“Qin Wushuang is still number one. Too strong, no one can move him from his position!”

“A genius from the city leader’s office, how can people surpass him? The resources that Senior Brother Qin has, people dare not imagine…”

“That Yan Xingtian is not simple either. He managed to retain his number two spot. For a commoner student to achieve this, one cannot help but be impressed. It was even said that the strength he displayed on the battle stage was not in any way less than that of Qin Wushuang!”

“Song Qingluo is still within the top ten. En, this daughter of the

Qingluo Company really possesses exceptional talent, her future will definitely be bright… I’ve even heard that the Qingluo Company is discussing a marriage between them and the city leader’s office…”

“But the one who rose the fastest, is Song Xiaojun. This clumsy little loli managed to shoot up to the top fifteen, rising over a hundred ranks…”

“She is part of the list of ten, and received the personal teachings of head teacher Wang. Her improvement, is within the bounds of expectation!”

In front of the stone mirror, every student discussed heatedly

“Eh, that’s right, what about Ye Qingyu? I’ve heard that his talent is outstanding, why can’t I see him in the top fifty?” Someone just realized, loudly shouting.

“En, that’s’ right, Ye Qingyu’s names… top fifty… top hundred… it seems like he’s not in it, what’s happening?”

“He’s also not in the top two hundred, has an error been made?”

“Quickly look, it’s here… number five hundred and seventy!”

“That can’t be right? Eh? It’s real!”

“This… to have dropped so many places… This Ye Qingyu, could he really have fallen? That’s not right, did he not previously defeat people like Xia Houwu and Liu Lei who were near the top of the rankings?

People finally discovered Ye Qingyu’s rankings and found that it was near the bottom, numbering in the five hundreds. When compared to the ranking in the selection tests, he had fallen by a total of five hundred and forty-nine places. It was a rapid rate of descent.

“Haha, so it really was a short lived fluke.”

“Trash will always be trash. Even becoming a student, don’t think that a dead fish can flip around*!”

“I thought that the previous number one genius was about to be reborn again, but it turned out like this… Haha, this is only the first monthly examination and he has fallen so many places. If he goes through a couple more examinations, Ye Qingyu will become the last!

A part of the crowd, the noble students, had always disliked Ye Qingyu from the beginning. They could not help but laughingly mock when they heard this result. Yan Xingtian was already a thorn in the sides for many of the noble students, and now there was Ye Qingyu. Previously, some people had even compared Ye Qingyu to Qin Wushuang. For them, this was unacceptable.

It appears that this Ye Qingyu, was really a joke.

They did not need to worry at all.

There was a minority of commoner students that sighed and shook their heads with regret but would not say anything. During these days, Ye Qingyu had always acted alone and would always be busy training, not really becoming friends with any of the other commoner students. It gave others the impression that Ye Qingyu was haughty and did not fit in with the pack.

Discussions continued unbounded everywhere. It seemed like Ye Qingyu was about to become a joke again.

After the rankings were announced, the attention of everywhere started shifting to the challenging matches for the list of ten.

This was the last event of the monthly examination.

The ten favoured children who were on the list would receive a baptism and test. Every student in the entire first year that had confidence in their own strength, after receiving a simple test, had the right to challenge anyone on the list of ten.

Once they won, they were able to take their place.

“Haha, It’s been a month already. I’ve already waited for such an opportunity for too long! I will definitely be able to take a place in the list of ten!”

“The selection rankings do not mean anything. Only through real battle can something like this be determined. In this month, I have trained devoutly every day and night, with my strength increasing explosively. I can definitely win!”

“I will prove that head teacher Wang was wrong for not choosing me!”

“To pull someone from the list of ten down is also an extremely entertaining thing to do!”

The young geniuses were all filled with confidence, preparing for battle.

In the center of the practice grounds, the ten stages for the challenging matches were set. It was grand and solemn. Rune formations surrounded each ring, the ripples of the yuan qi* indistinctly appearing in the air.

On every ring, there was a ring master.

The little loli Song Xiaojun, being one of the list of ten, was naturally also one of the ring masters.

And around the ring, there were teachers from the academy there to maintain order. To challenge the ring master, you must first undergo a test to examine your strength and whether you were worthy. Otherwise, if everyone challenged, then the ring masters would definitely die of tiredness.

This kind of event attracted nearly the entire first year to spectate.

The melodious bell started ringing. The challenge had begun.

Every arena started heating up.

The little loli, standing in the ring was a little dazed. Although she had gone through the practical battle training, but she was still not accustomed to battle.

When faced with the excited faces of challengers, their eyes emitting a blood red light, the little loli felt like she was facing a pack of wild beats. The senior brothers who had always seemed so caring and kind seemed to turn into different people entirely. There was an indescribable sinister atmosphere around her.

Within the ten rings, Qin Wushuang was in the so called number one ring. From the start, no one had appeared to challenge him.

One reason for this was because of the fact that the strength of Qin Wushuang was too high. He was like a crane in a flock of chickens. The other reason for this was because of Qin Wushuang’s background; no one dared to offend him.

The situation on every ring was different.

All sorts of cries and screams sounded in the practice grounds, the sound waves as if it were a tsunami, spreading out in all directions. This was definitely the most bustling and exciting day the academy has had since the beginning of the academic year.

All sorts of people surrounded each ring.

For the majority of the students, this was an opportunity where they could spectate and learn. Perhaps they could get some inspiration and obtain some sort of breakthrough during this experience.

But for some people, the meaning behind the challenge of the ten rings was not this.

Where there were people, there would be Jiang Hu**.

Where there were Jiang Hu, there would be conflict.

Where there was conflict, there would be all sorts of schemes and plots.

And as for the hidden battles that were in the challenging matches, it originated from the conflict between the nobles and commoners that had begun since White Deer Academy began.

Even since the Heaven Wasteland domain was excavated and the forming of Snow Country, these two groups had been there. The conflict had never stopped. From the royal court to a normal town, this conflict was everywhere

The nobles wanted to stabilize their own special powers and status. They had a natural born advantage, and could enjoy the benefits of more cultivation resources. For commoners to change their fate, they were from the start disadvantaged against the noble students. But for some reason, every ten or so years, from within the commoners, a strong and frightening character would appear and support the entire commoner demographic.

White Deer Academy naturally could not be excluded from this struggle.

And within this year’s freshmen, Yan Xingtian was unquestionably the leader of the commoners, and Qin Wushuang the leader of the nobles. During Ye Qingyu’s reclusive training, the conflicts and struggles between these two groups, had already begun.

……

Within the practice grounds.

“What’s happening? Why is there so many people challenging senior brother Yan, and they are all nobles… These despicable people, are they going to challenge him consecutively?”

From within the crowd, some commoner students began to feel as if something was wrong.

The people challenging Yan Xingtian, had never stopped. A long queue had already formed.

“Hmph, this group of damn nobles, this is too despicable! They want to use such an underhanded method to tire out Senior Brother Yan and kick him out of the list of ten!”

“They are not only targeting Senior Brother Yan. Within the list of the ten, another commoner student, Li Da, is also being targeted…”

“What do we do? We can’t just watch!”

“We should give them a taste of their own medicine. We should get the experts in the commoners to challenge the other noble students within the list of ten. At that time, at least we can drag a few down!”

“Not to reciprocate in kind is against etiquette!”

*Slight confession. I’ve translated yuan qi as qi in previous chapters because I didn’t want to introduce too many awkward and pinyin terms. But yuan qi has more of a xianxia connotation while qi is more wuxia so I decided to go with yuan qi[JR1] [AT2] **Jiang Hu. If you’ve read any type of Wuxia you’ve probably come across this term before. It’s really hard to explain, but it basically refers to the population of people involved in cultivation, battles, conflicts etc.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

