Chapter 257:


Lin Qingyi after seeing his Shishu Ye away, returned to the main room.

Dugu Quan was still completely frozen, sitting silently next to the table. His eyes were fixated on the surface of the table, as if he had been possessed, not moving the slightest. His eyes did not even blink, like he was a silent sculpture.

Lin Qingyi did not dare disturb his master.

He curiously looked at the table.

On the smooth mahogany table, there was nothing at all. It was completely clean, without any signs or marking.

The warm wine on the table had already cooled down, losing it's fragrance.

"Just what did Shishu Ye do when he left, that he turned master into such a state?"

Lin Qingyi's heart was currently itching with curiosity like a little kitten was continuously scratching it.

Lin Qingyi had only seen his master in such a state once before.

This was when he and a group of Pill Masters were exchanging ideas. He suddenly completely comprehend the intricacies of an ancient Pill Formula, and stood there like he was a sculpture for ten minutes.....could it be this time, his master and his Shishu was discussing something and he had once again comprehended something from the Pill Dao?

As he thought of this, Lin Qingyi would definitely not dare disturb Dugu Quan.

He stood outside the door, respectfully guarding from the outside, not allowing anyone to disturb him.

……

……

Autumn Water Pavilion.

The temporary residence of the Crepe Myrtle sect.

At the top layer of the building, there were open style pavilions.

A young white clothed man sat silently at the most central pavilion. On a white jade prayer mat, wearing silk clothing, the pure and bright moonlight shone on the clearly defined features of the handsome young man. He emitted a radiance that made one not dare to regard him directly, as if he was the incarnation of the moon in the sky, holy and handsome.

A long blade that was like rippling autumn waters, floated above his head.

Autumn Water Blade.

The man with clearly defined facial features, was namely the leader of the younger generation in Crepe Myrtle sect, Li Qiushui.

A person known as the most handsome man in the Crepe Myrtle for thousands of years. A genius that had the most outstanding talent in the Crepe Myrtle in the last hundred years.

A blade will that was as gentle as autumn waters, emanated around him. Mist and smoke revolved around him, as well the sounds of autumn water flowing that was beautiful like the songs of night sprites. It made his entire person seem even more saintly. As if he was not part of the this world, he did not belong to the mortal world.

Along with the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest, the white blade will coming from his mouth became more and more dense.

It was as if the essence of the moonlight was also absorbed into the blade will mist.

The Autumn Water blade above his head, gradually grew less and less distinct, as if it was a stream of water that began flowing.

Time flowed by.

The fingers of Li Qiushui's palms hurriedly moved, leaving illusory seal after illusory seal in the air. It was as if there were silver snow lotuses blossoming in the air, breathtakingly beautiful. Every time he changed his hands into a different seal, the Autumn Water blade above his head became less and less corporeal.

"Blade Will is indistinct, the long blade is like water.......seal!"

A light exclamation.

The seals were completed.

Li Qiushui opened his eyes.

The Autumn Water blade above his head had grown so indistinct it had disappeared.

The faint blade will mist that encircled around his body suddenly became lively, emitting the true vibration of blades. A blindingly bright silver light flickered, that swirled around the white as jade fingers of Li Qiushui, as nimble as a little snake, meandering around his fingers.

"Finally succeeded.”

Li Qiushui slowly stood up.

In the centre of his palm, was a smear of silver light. A sudden move and it transformed into a long blade, the blade will clear and distinct, the body of the blade glistening. It was namely the shape of the Autumn Water blade, it had transformed according to his will. The length of the blade constantly changed, sometimes long some times short, sometimes hard and sometimes flexible. At this time, there was a flow of water around his body, that transformed into his armour. There were a myriad of forms and possibilities it could take as long as he willed it, as if it was alive.

"The Autumn Water blade is finally at the greater stages. I've finally completed it before the Martial alliance meeting begun....with this blade in my hand, the world is mine."

There was a strong surge of confidence that emitted from the eyes of Li Qiushui.

"Three sects and three schools, Snow Empire. Haha, it's time to decide who is superior."

The Autumn Water blade turned into mist that was absorbed through his mouth and nostrils.

Under the shine of the moonlight, this white dressed handsome man, was imposing like a demon.

……

……

Dragon Tiger Inn.

This was the temporary residence of the disciples of the Dragon Tiger Sect.

The [Tiger Saint] Zhao Shanhe was a young man with a muscular and burly build, possessing thick eyebrows and large eyes. His natural born appearance was peculiar, with a massive skeleton frame and thick hands. There was a natural born pattern on his forehead head, with three horizontal stripes and a vertical stripe. His appearance was definitely hard to forget.

It was said that when he was born, his parents thought he was a demonic child and nearly drowned him. They barely managed to raise him, and as he grew up, the patterns on his head became clearer and clearer. Because of his eccentric appearance, he had received much cruelty and bullying when he was small, resulting in a reclusive personality. He had experienced all sorts of pain and suffering.

Afterwards when Zhao Shanhe was roughly about ten, one of the two patriarchs of the Dragon Tiger Sect was travelling and encountered Zhao Shanhe. He was startled, as if he had met with a celestial being, because he believed that this youth was an ancient Tiger Deity from the ancient ages reborn into the mortal world. He accepted him as his personal disciple, and did his utmost to bring him up.

Reality demonstrated that Zhao Shanhe really did possess martial cultivation talent.

Having cultivated within the Tiger sect for less than ten years, he had already soared into the Heavens. He had cultivated the pinnacle arts of the Tiger Sect, [Mantra of the Silver Tiger Moon] into the tenth stages and had taken half a step into the Bitter Sea stage. He was at the very forefront of the younger generation of Snow Empire.

At this time, Zhao Shanhe sat on top of a bed.

There were two pretty and young female disciples of the Tiger sect next to him, wearing thin clothing that exposed their shoulders. They seductively fed him alcohol and fruits.

Zhao Shanhe thick and large palms caressed the smooth and supple skin of the two female disciples. His eyes were faintly closed, but there was not the slightest hint of desire emitting from his eyes whatsoever.

On the opposite of the bed, on the snow white wall there were two wooden signs.

Ye Qingyu's name was engraved upon it on the left sign.

Liu Siufeng’s name was engraved on on the right wooden sign.

"A bunch of ants that doesn't fear death. A bunch of coyotes that is a stronger than usual, dares to interrupt the business of the Tiger King."

Zhao Shanhes gaze was sinister, as if he was a fierce tiger that was descending from the mountains to hunt. It caused one to shiver in fear.

"Lu Zhaoge is about to die. At that time it is unknown which hands Youyan pass will fall into. [The Butcher of Youyan] has exceptional strength but there will definitely be a day where he will lose support. I only need to wait a period of time.....But this Ye Qingyu......." With a flick of his palm, the wood plate containing Ye Qingyu's name, fell into his hand. "I'll first take care of this ant. Even if I can't kill you, I will completely cause your name to be ruined, and your will towards the martial path to be completely destroyed!"

Pang!

The wooden sign transformed into sawdust.

……

……

The dome of the sky was completely dark.

The moonlight was like a blade.

30 miles north of Youyan pass.

This was an area that neared the Origin Ice region. Both the sky and earth was as cold and freezing as heavy winter.

A three foot high giant bronze cauldron, were hidden within the gloomy clouds.

The Holy Child of the Deer Cauldron, Wang Yifeng sat underneath this giant bronze cauldron in a meditative position. His long black hair like a black waterfall that lay at the horizon, completely wrapping himself within his own hair. As the night wind blew past, it would occasionally shroud his face. The air was filled with a peculiar atmosphere.

The giant bronze cauldron soundlessly rotated.

On it, all sorts for formations were glowing and there was the faint sound of a divine, righteous ringing out. The golden splendour constantly flickered.

Within the cauldron, it was as if the galaxy was swirling inside. There were dim lights flickering within, as if it had absorbed the entire sky. A strange vast power emitted from within the entrance of the cauldron, surrounding all space within a thousand metres of the cauldron. It tore apart the spirit qi within the air and stirred it all around, constantly and unendingly absorbing it into the large bronze cauldron.

Every time the cauldron finished a rotation, Wang Yifeng's chest would rise and fall once.

As time flowed by, his surrounding aura became stronger and stronger, vaster and vaster.

The Deer Cauldron was his life tied tool. It could absorb the energies of the stars in the world, it was the cultivation technique of the Deer cauldron sect.

As the holy child of the Deer cauldron sect, Wang Yifeng naturally cultivated in the heart mantra that was the most profound in the sect. The bronze cauldron was also a rare Dao tool, with limitless power. He had turned it into his life tied tool, and when he cultivated, the surrounding stars would be moved and absorbed into the large cauldron, entering his own body. His cultivation speed exceeded that of a normal person by far as a result of this.

Time flowed by.

The gloomy clouds in the sky suddenly cleared.

In the dim green horizon of the sky, an alarming star suddenly descending from the sky. It caused the surrounding land to be as bright as daylight for tens of miles. Wang Yifeng was at the centre of this starlight, and the bronze cauldron, under the radiance of this starlight, emitted an endless dazzling light, completely covering Wang Yifeng.

Communicating with the star light to create a connection with great stars.

This was namely one of the signs that the cultivation technique of the Deer cauldron sect was about to breakthrough.

The holy child of the Deer Cauldron once again had a breakthrough.

Under the baptism of the starlight, his body was like it was transparent. There was not the slightest trace of impurity, his skin as white as jade, as if he had obtained an entirely new life.

……

……

White Horse tower.

Ye Qingyu turned his head with surprise towards the horizon.

There was suddenly a sign in the stars of the night. Starlight shot through the night sky. Even from far away, one was able to witness this scene.

At this instant, Ye Qingyu was able to sense a surge of power energy.

There was an expert breaking through!

A new top level expert had been born.

Only after you had entered into the Bitter Sea stage could you be called as a top level expert.

Under the Bitter Sea stage, you could as most be known as a normal expert. Even those who were at the fake Bitter Sea stage, could not be known as top level experts.

In other words, that strong pillar of star light, represented a new Bitter Sea stage expert had been born.

There were countless thoughts flickering through Ye Qingyu's head at this moment. Judging from the distance, it should be outside Youyan Pass. From such signs, it should not be a new Bitter Sea stage expert that was born within the army. Furthermore, that vast starlight was clear and pure, not belonging to demonic qi. Naturally, it was not an expert of the demon race breaking through. Considering all factors, it should be someone from the sects that had suddenly broken through at this time.

"Previously, in the direction of the Crepe Myrtle, there was another extremely hidden surge of energy that emitted. It obviously was someone of the Crepe Myrtle that broke through to the next level, and right now there was a pillar of light that descended.....tonight, is destined not to be a peaceful night, there are people continuously breaking through. Furthermore, they are all people that belongs to the sects."

Ye Qingyu was suddenly surprised in the heart.

No wonder the sects were the holy martial grounds where thousands of years of cultivation history had been passed down. There were countless of disciples in their sects, and they did not lack for prodigies.

The people he had killed and erased previously, were but a bunch of clowns. They were not the best of the leading generation. Even White browed Yu, at most could only be counted as above average. Ye Qingyu seemed to occupy a incomparably strong position, but in truth, he had not yet met blows with the true geniuses of the sects.

Apart from feeling faintly alarmed, Ye Qingyu could not suppress a surge of battle will that shot to the clouds within him.

There was only a couple of days till they clashed. Only at that time, could true sparks be created by their encounter.

"I will make them know, the experts of the army are not any lesser of those of the sects at all. Compared to those independent sects, a powerful and flourishing Empire, is more able to protect the continued survival of the human race in Heaven Wasteland domain. “

-----------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 258:


Since Ye Qingyu was able to sense the turbulent energies in the night skies, others would also naturally be able to detect such energies.

Pass Lord's Residence.

Lu Zhaoge sat in front of the wooden house, currently watering plants.

Under his familiar care, there were several basins of Clivia plants that became increasingly tall and verdant. They emitted a faint atmosphere of delight.

Compared to a few days ago, Lu Zhaoge had already completely recovered. His facial complexion was healthy, his breathing calm as the eye of the ocean or an abyss. He had already completely regained his previous splendour, with no signs that he was affected by any injury.

For an expert at the cultivation stage that he was in, as long as he erased those two alien powers that was destroying his body from the inside, recovering was a matter that could be done in the blink of an eye.

Under the night skies, the formation lanterns lit up the entire back garden.

The verdant plants and flowers were blooming while the young trees were swaying in the wind.

Lu Zhaoge wore extremely simple and coarse clothings, his sleeves casually rolled up. His white hair was tied up by a stirip of fabric, and he was wearing woven shoes. From his appearance, he seemed like a contented flower grower, his surrounding aura calm and peaceful. There was none of the killing aura of a general that emitted from him.

The other side.

In the back garden under the night skies, Ye Congyun was currently demonstrating move by move an ancient method to refine his body.

The strong muscles on his body were completely red, as if he had been scalded by boiling water. As he performed martial move after martial move, there was a strange beauty that emerged. Every movement would allow every muscle on his body to be used. One could clearly see his muscles rippling like there was a little mouse travelling beneath his skin.

Very rapidly, sweat had completely soaked his back.

There was white vapour encircling his body, his sweat having evaporated. He had expended a great deal of energy.

"That's enough, go take a rest." As he finished watering, Lu Zhaoge placed the watering pot by the side and beckoned to Ye Congyun.

"Yes, Master."

Ye Congyun deeply breathed in, and donned a cotton hemp jacket. He walked over with respect, his two hands hanging by his side.

He had already been the disciple of the War God of Youyan for an entire five days.

The little military officer still felt as if everything was like a dream. Everything was unrealistic. There were several times that he jolted awake in the middle of the night, pinching himself again and again. He wanted to know whether everything around him was real or not, afraid that everything was but just a passing dream. His fate had completely transformed, as if there was a deity that was looking after him and blessing him.

In these days, Lu Zhaoge was currently teaching him a body refining method called the [Nine Refinements].

Because he had received Lu Zhaoge's blood essence and was reborn, Ye Congyun's cultivation speed was extremely fast. In Lu Zhaoge's words, this blood essence contained the absolute power of a top level martial artist. It gave a completely new life to Ye Congyun. His current state was as if he was still in his mother's foetus, possessing natural, ‘Xiantian’, qi. As a result of this, his cultivation speed was fast, able to progress far in one single day.

Truth had also proven Lu Zhaoge's words.

In but five days of time of training in the [Nine Refinements], the little military officer was already at the peak of the ordinary martial level. With a step of his foot, he would enter into the Spirit spring stage and plant the first yuan qi seedling within his body.

Lu Zhaoge evaluated him from top to bottom, nodding his head.

The more he looked at his disciple, the more satisfied he became.

This was especially so after their several days of interaction. Ye Congyun's will and personality was something Lu Zhaoge was delighted with. There was a maturity and calmness about Ye Congyun that made it seem he was a wise old man that had experienced many things. This made the martial god see the potential for an invincible military star that would gradually rise in the future within him.

By accepting Ye Congyun as his disciple, he not only needed to teach him martial arts, but also the ways of war.

"Is there anything master needs?" Ye Congyun respectfully asked.

Lu Zhaoge was about to speak, when there was a clear and distinct energy ripple that emitted from the direction of the Crepe Myrtle sect. He smiled slightly. Nearly at the next instance, North West of the Pass, a streak of light shot down from the sky and brightened up the land around. It was like there was a silver sword slicing apart the night skies.

"There are exceptional prodigies within the sects. It's a pity....." Lu Zhaoge let out a sigh.

After reaching a cultivation stage like him, he naturally would not be shocked by one or two youngsters that had just stepped into the Bitter Sea stage. It was only that, compared to the performance of these talented youngsters of the sects, the golden wondrous age that the Empire had when it was just founded had already passed. In these years, there seemed not to be any prodigies that emerged within the Empire, causing Lu Zhaoge to sigh with deep regret.

"Do you know why I accepted you as my disciple?"

Lu Zhaoge returned his gaze to Ye Congyun, asking a question meaningfully.

Ye Congyun thought for a while. "Master, you previously said one reason was because of my personality. The other reason is because Marquis Ye helped me assimilate that drop of blood essence, and so I met the requirements of inheriting Master's martial cultivation."

"Yes, and no." Lu Zhaoge took up a pair of scissors, and began pruning the plants and shrubbery all around the little courtyard. "As the commander of the Youyan army, I've been appointed by the Emperor to protect the North West borders of the Empire. In those years, I have no family at all, without any worries constraining me, all alone. What I cultivate in is the emotionless heart mantra. What I consider, is not my personal likes and dislikes. Every decision I make, I must consider it from the perspective of the Empire. There are some matters that I do not want to do, but I have done it even so...."

Ye Congyun seriously replied: "Great saints have no family, and takes no sides."

Lu Zhaoge turned to give a glance at his disciple. "Haha, 'Great saints have no family, and takes no sides'." Evidently, the words Ye Congyun uttered had made him very pleased, but then he shook his head. "The state of a Great Saint is like Heaven's path, it is nigh impossible to find. I do not reckon I have reached such a state. The reason I took you in as my disciple, is because I had more important considerations in mind.”

"Master, please enlighten me." Ye Congyun's expression showed no hint of surprise.

"The most important reason, is because of one person." Lu Zhaoge continued his practiced movements of pruning, emitting an aura of sereneness.

"Could it be because of Marquis Ye?" There was a strange expression that appeared on Ye Congyun's face.“

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head. "How do you regard Ye Qingyu?"

"There is nothing I can do to repay his debt of remaking me." Ye Congyun did not conceal his thoughts in the slightest. "Marquis Ye is my benefactor, furthermore.......Everything that Marquis Ye have done in the city these days makes one want to slap the table in delight. I admire Marquis Ye's decisive nature, where he does not hesitate to settle his debts and grievances."

"En, I can tell, that you admire him very much." Lu Zhaoge wiped away the beads of sweat on his head. "His methods are a little too harsh, it makes me remember a person of the past.......This may not be the best way of doing things in the army. It's only that his talent, is even more monstrous than that person. He will be able to grow up. I can tell, that Ye Qingyu regards you very importantly."

"Marquis Ye treats everyone around him well." Ye Congyun said with emotion.

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head. "That's right, after all he came from a common background. He doesn't have the temper or the arrogance of those nobles. He also does not come from the Sects, so he does not have the unreasonable viciousness of the disciples of the sects. He treats people differently, and he is a person that remembers his debts. Because of your brother, you have a special position in front of him."

There was a strange glimmer that flitted across Ye Congyun's eyes, suddenly understanding what his master was referring to. With a questioning tone, "Could it be the reason that you accepted me as your disciple was solely because of Marquis Ye?"

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head. "That's right. Ye Qingyu has met fortuitous encounter after fortuitous encounter, he is definitely not a normal person. I can't see through him at all. On that day, my injuries was cured by a seemingly divine power within his body. He is not someone that belongs in a pond, as soon as he encounters a storm, he will transform into a dragon. He will definitely soar into the skies, so high that even I, can only look up at him from a distance. Such a person cannot be constrained by the army nor the Empire. A divine talent like him appearing within the human race, is the fortune of our species but his methods are too harsh, and his killing heart too deep. If in the future someone enrages him, he may do something calamitous. In his rage, rivers of blood may flow. Ultimately, this is not a good option…..”

Ye Congyun was stunned.

He felt somewhat tongue tied.

Because he had never imagined, that the War God of Youyan had such a great evaluation of Marquis Ye.

Could a person even ascend to the heights he had described?

If it was others who said this, people would definitely regard that person as mad.

"The reason I accepted you as my disciple, is because I hope in the future when Ye Qingyu's rage is unstoppable, you can say something for the Youyan army and the Empire. That way, we can prevent the greatest amount of loss. I also hope that we can gain Ye Qingyu's protection through your relationship for the Empire."

Lu Zhaoge stated.

Ye Congyun searched his master's expression, wanting to see any signs that he was making a joke.

But Lu Zhaoge's expression was unprecedentedly serious.

He was speaking the truth.

Ye Congyun felt that the impact of him becoming the disciple of the War God of Youyan, was not even as great as the impact of the words uttered today.

After a long time, when his mindset had slowly recovered, he nodded his head in full seriousness: "I will definitely remember."

Lu Zhaoge nodded his head, saying again: "Twelve days later, at the Martial meeting of the Three Sects and Three schools, I will announce publicly that you have become my inner disciple. This is the first time I've ever accepted a disciple, and it will also be my last. You should go and prepare, the top geniuses of the younger generation of the Three Schools and Three sects should mostly have arrived. There will also be people from the army going there, including Marqus Ye. At that time, you will accompany me."

Ye Congyun paid his respects: "Disciple knows."

Lu Zhaoge flicked his palms, and among the shining glimmer, an ink black stone book appeared in his hands.

"Although the history of the martial path of the army is not as long as the inheritance of the sects, but there also exists top level cultivation techniques. This [Military Path of Destruction] is the top level martial mantra within the army of Heaven Wasteland domain. It is not in any way less than the best cultivation mantras of the Three schools and Three sects. Your fortune is also not ordinary, with exceptional fate. Now that you are half a step into the Spirit spring stage, from tomorrow onwards, you can cultivate in the [Military Path of Destruction]. Your future's accomplishment, should be above me."

Ye Congyun received the ink black stone book with alarm.

It was heavy in his hands, as if it weighed tens of thousands of pounds.

Everyone knew, that the martial arts the War God of Youan specialised in, was the emotionless martial techniques. Ye Congyun originally imagined that he was going to cultivate in the emotionless martial path, but instead what he was going to train in was the top level military cultivation techniques.

"Thank you master."

……

……

The time of dawn.

Ye Qingyu once again finished a night of training.

Thirty three Spirit springs.

After an entire night, and the expenditure of two Mysterious Heaven pellets, he had risen another small level.

Little Nine had also paid another visit during the night. He roughly reported the location of Song Xiaojun and the other girl, stating that they were not in any danger.

When he left the quiet room to eat breakfast, Lin Qingyi was already waiting outside White Horse tower along with Shopkeeper Sui. Both of their expression seemed somewhat tired, as if they had not slept at all during the night. But excitement was still present on their faces.

Mother Wu led the two into White Horse tower.

From Mother Wu's memories, these two people were the first lucky people who were allowed to see Marquis Ye.

"Marquis, headquarters have sent out news. They have accepted your offer. The Origin crystal that you desire, will arrive this afternoon." Shopkeeper Sui said in delight. “

------------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 259:


So quickly?

Ye Qingyu was taken aback.

For thirty pounds of Origin crystals to be prepared in such a short time frame. Adding to that, it was also delivered with such speed to Youyan pass. The power of the Hundred herb hall really could not be underestimated.

Ye Qingyu became excited.

With the Origin crystals in his hands, he could immediately enter isolation training. He should be able to have some large breakthrough prior to the Martial alliance meeting. This really was tantamount to delivering coal in a snowstorm. After all, from Ye Qingyu’s perspective, the effects of the Origin crystal was much greater than the Mysterious Heaven pellet.

"Shishu, disciple I have already passed on news of this back to my family. The Lin family is willing to contribute ten pounds of Origin crystal, to repay your debt of gifting us the Pill Formula. But it will only arrive ten days later." Lin Qingyi's face was somewhat embarrassed as he said: "Originally the Lin family should have been able to gather the remaining twenty pounds of Origin crystal, but this was beyond our power in such a short time frame. Please forgive us."

Ye Qingyu looked at Lin Qingyi, understanding his intentions.

It seemed that the Lin family was not any minor family. For them to be able gift ten pounds of Origin crystal just to please him. It was likely not just due to the fact that he had gifted them the Pill formula, but also due to the fact that he had become sworn brothers with the [Pill God of Snow country], Dugu Quan. The Lin family wanted to become another step closer to the leading Pill Master of Snow Empire, so they made such a decision.

"Good, there is no rush." Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "We'll speak later at that time."

Lin Qingyi was overjoyed.

He obviously would not imagine that Ye Qingyu could not discern his intentions behind such a gift. All those who knew of Ye Qingyu's accomplishment within the Pass recently, would not treat this young Marquis as an innocent and clueless youth. It was impossible for a dumb person to possess the status he did today.

Since Shishu Ye did not reject the olive branch that the Lin family offered, this represented he did not have any negative feelings towards the Lin family.

As they spoke, Mother Wu holding half a broomstick, came rushing towards them in a panic. "Master, there are two people outside asking to see you. I can't block them anymore. Ying'er and Little Qi are blocking them, but they nearly can't hold them back anymore…..”

Ye Qingyu did not know whether to laugh or cry.

But Mother Wu had a completely outraged look on her face.

Her name was well known to the outside world. Who doesn't know of the power of the housewife of White Horse tower, the broom in her hands had swept away numerous important characters of Youyan Pass .Who knew that there would be a middle aged scholar and his little aide that was so hard to get rid of. They refused to leave, and even broke the broom in her hands.

As they spoke, there was a voice that sounded out from the outside.

"Brother Ye, perhaps you have guarded your door too tightly."

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu instantly laughed, heading outside.

They could see, the [Painting saint], Liu Yuqing standing there with a helpless expression, holding up his hands in surrender. Li Qi and Li Ying was both holding onto his legs, like two koalas hanging onto a tree. The naughty Li Ying, was also biting onto Liu Yuqing's thigh, with the roar of a little tiger cub emitting from her throat.

The little scholar's aid Xing'er was hugging his stomach in hilarity by the side.

An important character of the Military council pavilion, the left and right arm of the War God of Yuyan. Everywhere he went, people would smile flatteringly towards him. He had never been put into such a sorry state before, two children causing him to not be able to laugh or cry.

"Little Ying, Little Qi, quickly come down."

Ye Qingyu had to cover his face.

There were far too many people of all sorts of backgrounds and motives wanting to see him previously. They were as annoying as flies, and everyone one of them brought gifts with a smile. He could not use harsh methods to chase away people who came with no ill will, so Ye Qingyu had ordered Mother Wu to chase away everyone no matter their origins. After Mother Wu fell into the trap of people claiming to be Ye Qingyu's friends once or twice, she became even more strict.

Tday, Liu Yuqing stood at the door and referred to himself as Ye Qingyu's friend. In the end, he was greeted with Mother Wu's broom.

But seeing Ye Qingu's attitude, Mother Wu instantly knew that she had really made a massive error, instantly shivering in fear. She quickly grabbed her son and daughter and apologised to Liu Yuqing. The previous moment she felt that her children has completely lost all of her face for not being able to stop the intruders, but currently she really wanted to beat those two brats up.

"Fine, fine, those who are unaware have no crimes."

Liu Yuqing also was in a state where he was completely nonplussed. But naturally, he could not really care about such matters, waving his hands magnanimously in the air.

As Ye Qingyu welcome Liu Yuqing and Xing'er, Ye Qingyu asked curiously: "Mister Liu, you are a rare guest. Why have you came here today?”

"Hmph, of course we have some thing important, that's why we were looking for you." Xing'er said grumpily.

This little fellow still remembered the incident at the Pass Lord's Residence where Ye Qingyu left without saying anything to him.

Ye Qingyu pretended he was clueless, not willing to continue such a line of conversation.

The Shopkeeper Sui by the side naturally recognised the new noble like characters that had risen in fame recently, Liu Yuqing. He gave a signal to Lin Qingyi, and the two bid farewell.

Ye Qingyu did not obstruct them, instructing Bai Yuanxing to send the guests away.

When they left the White Horse tower, the sunlight was shining warmly on the streets.

Lin Qingyi did not recognise Liu Yuqing and the other person. He turned to look back athe White Horse tower, saying, "The middle aged scholar just now was....."

Shopkeeper Sui suppressed his voice as he replied: "A figure that has risen in stature abruptly in reent times. According to the rumours, he is the number one character of the Military council pavilion of Pass Lord's Residence, holding extreme power. People call him the Painting Saint, and he possesses unmatched intelligence. It has been said that War God Lu does not interfere in the business of the Pass at all, but instead leaves everything for Mister Liu to manage. His background is not simple at all. Even the litttle scholar body next to him is important. He can enter and leave as he pleases in and out of the Pass Lord's Residence, able to see War God Lu at any time, and is extremely favoured by him."

Lin Qingyi was dumbfounded.

He discovered that his little Shishu Ye was becoming more and more unfathomable.

The middle aged scholar Mr Liu held such extreme power, but was completely nonplussed by a middle aged housewife and two children in front of White Horse tower. This was of course not really because he had such a good temperament that he would not retaliate after being attacked. It was namely because they were people belonging to Shishu Ye.

According to this, the relationship Shishu Ye had with War God Lu, must not be simple?

The young pill genius kneaded his temple, rejoicing in his decision to come to Youyan Pass.

At the beginning he had come because of his curiosity and suspicions about the Mysterious Heaven pellet, treating it like a holiday. He left the turbulent treachourous affairs of the capital, and came here to relax. But he did not imagine he would encounter such a miracle. He and the entire Lin family's fate could be rewritten by the events that had occurred.

……

White horse tower.

The main guests sat down.。

Mother Wu quickly carried over tea, as if she was apologising.

"I hear that brother Ye you have receive the martial meeting invitation from Li Qiushui?" Liu Yuqing sipped at the tea, complementing it, then directed the subject of conversation to this point.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head. "I received it.”

"Then will you go or not?"

Ye Qingyu laughed loudly. "Of course i will go, this is a namely an opportunity for me to meet with the so called martial geniuses."

Liu Yuqing had an expression on his face that made it seemed like this was already a foregone conclusion. "But your actions within the city have already put you in a position that is complete against the sects. According to what I know, there are many experts of the sects that are unsatisfied with you. There will definitely be turbulent events at that time if you go.”

Ye Qingyu had a faint smile. "Fine. If the situation is really as described by your words, then I won't go."

Liu Yuqing nearly spat out the tea in his mouth.

This did not go according to his expectations at all.。

"Hmph, coward." The Xing'er by the side said proudly snorted.

Ye Qingyu gave the little scholar boy a glare.

"That doesn't seem like Marquis Ye's personality." Liu Yuqing said with a smile as he placed down the tea cup.

"Mister Liu, your words have hidden meaning. Why don't you speak plainly." Ye Qingyu grinned mischievously.

Liu Yuqing originally wanted to play at being mysterious for a bit longer, but seeing Ye Qingyu's expression of not willing to play his game at all, he smiled: "It's not me that is looking for you. It's Xing'er who wanted to see you, I'll let Xing'er himself speak?"

Eh?

Ye Qingyu did not imagine it would be like so, turning his head to regard Xing'er.

There was a shred of embarassment that was not easy to notice that flashed through Xing'er's eyes. But the next moment, he seemed to be completely normal again. He puffed up his chest, and said grouchily: "Originally I wanted to help you, but who was it that ignored me that day....”

He was definitely being difficult on purpose.。

The order of the two matter was completely reversed.

Ye Qingyu cursed at him in his heart.

"My apologies, that day I really was in a rush...." Ye Qingyu pretended to apologise very sincerely.

Xing'er had his heart filled with pride as he nodded his head: "Fine, I'll forgive such a petty incident......." Saying this, he took out a box made of white jade that was gilded with god. Carefully, he handed it over, saying: "I'll borrow this item to you for a little while. With it in your hand, no one from the Three Sects and Three Schools will dare harm you. But you must not use it unless it is absolutely necessary, and after you've finished using it, you must give it back to me."

"What is it?"

Ye Qingyu saw that Xing'er treated the item so carefully, and imparted such importance to it. Curiosity was instantly aroused: "This is…”

The jade box opened.

There was nothing inside.。

Ye Qingyu lifted his head to look at Xing'er; Are you pranking me?

Xing'er stared at him with a gaze filled with disdain.

Ye Qingyu lowered his head to look again.....wait, what was this?

At the bottom of the jade box, there was a strand of silver string, less than half a feet long. It lay there silently at the bottom. Could it be that the item Xing'er was referring to was this?

Ye Qingyu examined it more closely.

This was just a strand of silver hair.

He was about to say something, when his expression suddenly changed. He was able to sense a strange aura on this strand of hair.

Xing'er smiled. With a flick of his hand, this strand of silver hair flew out from the box and landed in his hands. It grew longer and longer with the wind, growing to an unknown length in but the blink of an eye, as if it was endless silk. Round and round, it encircled around Xing'er hand, as if there was a silver coloured barrier covering her palm.

A strange aura, an extremely withdrawn power, seemed to appear on Xing'er's palm.

But even like so, Ye Qingyu was able to sense the terrifying explosive power held within the strand.

At that moment, he had this sensation, that Xing'er’s palm had already turned into a deity's right hand, ruling over all.

"Hehe. [Three thousand feet of White Hair], a top level Dao tool. If it strikes a pinnacle level Bitter Sea stage expert, they will definitely die."

Xing'er proudly lifted his hand, flaunting this silver strand of air. He said such words with pride and confidence.

Ye Qingyu's mouth was wide open as he nodded his head.

"Oh.....so Xing'er you knew martial arts, and your strength was so high." Ye Qingyu said with surprise.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 260:


260 - The degradation of the Song family

“What kind of joke is Master Wen playing at?"

Sang Fusheng's figure was as straight as a blade.

"Who is joking with you. I've already spoken to the commander, I'm currently assigned to the White Horse tower. Right now, I can be regarded as the subordinate of the Patrolling sword envoy, Marquis Ye. Hahaha, otherwise why do you think I have such leisurely time to sit here and eat noodles?" Wen Wan wiped his beard, saying excitedly: "Damn, it's really been too boring recently. Military rule this, military rule that, military order this, military order that. I can't even drink much for fear of breaking the military rules. I'm about to cut my own head off, this isn't days a normal human can endure.“

With a gulp, he finished the mixed lamb broth and lazily stretched his waist.

With a loud shout, he called for another bowl. His eyes were closed in contentment as he said, "You must know that ever since my military role was assigned to White Horse tower, I've already woken up in the afternoon for consecutive days. Every day and I can walk around in the streets, doing whatever I want. This is what you call freedom, wahahaha!"

Sang Fusheng was completely speechless.

"Hey, how about this, do you have any interest in joining White Horse tower. Haha, I'll give a word to Marquis Ye, to transfer you over." Wen Wen winked at him.

"Marquis Ye is not someone who will take such a lenient attitude towards his subordinate. Sang Fusheng said with a serious expression.”

Wen Wan grinned.

"Perhaps he's not, but he doesn't have time to manage me. Wahahaha, I've already been transferred to the White Horse tower for six days, and I haven't even seen him in this entire six days. It's said he's in closed isolation training. Just how great is a superior in closed isolation training, you don't have to worry about him suddenly appearing in front of you.......every day you can just bask in the sun eating noodles, life is just so beautiful."

Sang Fusheng's face darkened.

He did not know what to say.

Wen Wan's military position was higher than him, and he was firm friends with Liu Zongyuan and Ye Qingyu. Sang Fusheng naturally had no power to restrict him.

Furthermore according to what he know of Wen Wan, this did not seem like him. This person was known as the Mad Tiger within the Vanguard. he was definitely not an idle and lazy person. For even commander Liu to agree to reallocate him to the White Horse tower, there must be some special consideration behind this. It was not something he could guess that.

Sang Fusheng spoke some parting words, then turned and left.

"Sigh, you're like wood, you can't be teased at all." Wen Wan resentfully glared at Sang Fusheng's back. A bowl of steaming hot lamb scraps were already placed around him, with double the amount of lamb meat.

"Master Wen, enjoy." The owner of the noodle stand that was afraid of Wen Wan initially had already gotten adjusted him. He currently had a delighted smile.

He now knew Wen Wan was not of the demon race, and not a mlitary officer of the Vanguard so he let down his guard. His service became much more motivated.

Wen Wan nodded, continuing to eat.

In a while, Bai Yuanxing came over, roughly panting. He brought over an ink stone, brush and paper.

"En, sit here. Have you eaten yet?" Wen Wan pointed at the seat next to him.

Bai Yuanxing shook his head: "I've eaten."

Wen Wan finished his last bowl of noodles, then wiped his mouth. "I speak, you write, help me record everything I say down."

Bai Yuanxing did not know what he was going to do, but he sat down. In this simple noodle stand, he spread open the scroll and prepared his writing implements. He wrote down all that Wen Wan said.

What Wen Wan wanted him to record down, was the names, history and background of all the merchant companies that entered Proud sky centre. And also all the members of sects that entered into the Proud sky centre. It was unknown just how Wen Wan knew such information - he even knew the names of those young sect members. However, Bai Yuanxing still dutifully recorded everything down.

"Hehe, Ye Qingyu is in closed isolation training, but I have just been lazing about. I've completely investigated into the background of everyone, it should prove useful. When Little Ye comes out of trainig, I at least have something to show him. Hahahaa...." Wen Wan laughed proudly.“

Bai Yuanxing gave him a glance.

。Why did he have a feeling Wen Wan was working half heartedly and skimping out on doing proper work?

Very quickly half an hour passed as one spoke and one recorded.

From far away.

The entrance to the Proud sky centre.

There were tens of guards that were dressed up like people from Jianghu, that had finally noticed the two who was writing and recroding everything from a noodle stand far away. Especially that bearded muscular man, he had already been sitting there sneakily for several days. It seemed they did not possess benign intentions.

There were several people that came over to the noodle stand.

"You two, what do you want?" The leading Crepe Myrtle sect disciple pointed at Wen Wan, his expression severe.

This Crepe Myrtle sect disciples strength was decent, and was the leader of the guards guarding outside the Proud sky centre.

This martial meeting, was originally incited by the Crepe Myrtle sect. It had siginificant meaning so the Crepe Myrtle dare not take any risks. Ten days ago, they had already began their arrangements in the Proud sky centre, ensuring sufficient secrecy around the whole event. At the beginning there were people who climbed the wall to have a look, but this was eventually forbidden. This Crepe Myrtle sect disciple had gotten used to commanding people, and had an air of arrogance and bossiness about him.

"What does it have to do with you." Wen Wan impatiently gave these people a glare. "Scram off, stop blocking your father, I, from surveilling people."

"You've.......really eaten the guts of a lofty leopard." This Crepe Myrtle was enraged. "Do you know who I am? For you two to sneakily record everything down? To dare place surveillance on our meeting between the Three Sects and Three schools, you two....."

"Zhong Daijun of the Crepe sect isn't it?" Wen Wan said righteously. "A tiny little third generation disciple dares to abuse his power, who do you think will be afraid of you? I'm not afraid to tell you, that I'm indeed here to observe all your secrets. Do you have something to hide? None of the people of the Jiangu are good people, they naturally have to be kept under watch. I naturally have to record the name of everyone here.......I am the Wen Wan of White Horse tower, the number one fighter of White Horse tower. It's Ye Qingyu who sent me. Haha, are you afraid now? If you're afraid then scram off!"

"You......I......." Zhong Daijun was so angry he was about to spit out blood.

The other sect disciples’ expressions had also changed.

Without waiting for Zhong Daijun to finish his words, they quickly dragged him away.

Ye Qingyu's infamous name, had already become well known amongst the sects. When normal sect disciples heard of his name, their knees would go weak with fright. How could they dare retaliate to such words. Zhong Daijun had a face like he still wanted to persist and argue, but he still cooperated with his comrades and left immediately.

The next days, Wen WAn openly and brazenly surveilled all the people who entered and left the Proud sky centre, recording their names down.

No one dared touch him.

This originally dead little noodle stand, because of the existence of the Mad Tiger Wen Wan camping here, would sell over a hundred bowls of noodles. The owner of the stand's grin was so wide he could not close his lips.

In these days, Ye Qingyu had not even appeared once.

The city became much more peaceful.

There would be large numbers of merchant companies that entered everyday. Apart from the major mercantile organisations that entered into the Proud sky centre, there would also be small merchant companies that did not receive the right to enter into the Proud sky centre but still came to chance it.

The true martial meeting had not yet begun.On the two main streets outside the Proud sky centre, there were more and more stands. All sorts of merchant companies had erected their stands and tents, causing the surroundings to be like a chaotic marketplace. There were many people coming and going, but all sorts of strange goods and items were sold here so it was hard to discern what was good and what was bad. Everything relied on your insight and luck.

……

"Father, can we really truly enter into the Proud sky centre?"

At an inn.

Song Qingluo had a face of worry as she enquired.

At the window, there was a middle aged man with ash grey hair that had his face covered with fatigue. He did not say a word for a long time, then ultimately bitterly smiled. "It'll depend on our luck. If master song is really as capable as he says, perhaps we will have an opportunity. This time the martial meeting at Proud sky centre, is the last hope that exist for our Qingluo merchant company.

As Song Qingluo looked at her father's exhausted appeared, her heart was like it was sliced apart by blades.

Qingluo merchant comapny has had it's glory days when it was the largest merchant company within Deer city. But it was a pity that everything compeltey changed since half a year ago. All because of the bloodline of darkness within Song Xiaojun had suddenly awaked. Their family became the target of isolation and exclusion. Although ultimately everything was investigated and nothing was tied to the Qingluo merchant company. Their entire family was normal and did not also possess the bloodline of darkness. But the business of the Qingluo merchant company was massively impacted.

Those who once had contracts with them all broke their contracts and left them.

Their competitors started and spread rumours, painting a demonic picture of the Qingluo merchant company. All the civilians of the city redirected the hatred they had towards the demon race to the Qingluo company. Their business plummeted, and their originally bustling shop front, were completely deserted. They couldn't even do a single business in one day.

At the beginning, the City Lord did pay special attention to the Qingluo merchant company and did not treat them too harshly.

After all, after the many years of that the Song family had spent building up this relationship, they were firm friends with the City lord so this aided with the situation.

But afterwards, they heard that Song Xiaojun had once again reappeared at Youyan pass to kill the War God of Youyan army, Lu Zhaoge. This information shook the world. Even if it was the city lord and the four main generals of Deer city, they did not dare to have any sort of relationship with the Qingluo merchant company. One after another, they sought to distance themselves away....

The Song family had been completely abandoned.

Even though Song Qingluo's father attempted to use all sorts of means and invested a huge amount of gold, it was hard to reverse such a situation.

The Song family had completely fallen.

Their servants were dismissed.

Their store sold.

Their business bankrupt.

As the young lady of the Qingluo merchant company, Song Qingluo was completely isolated within White Deer academy because of these rumours. She remained silent as she suffered such a situation. In the end, the Song family did not have the financial ability to sustain her continued education and training, and Song Qingluo could not help but withdraw from White Deer academy. With grief and sorrow, she abandoned her own martial path, and began following her father, travelling all around for the matters of the family.

The rapid deterioration of her lifestyle, made it seem as if Song Qingluo’s originally splendid life, had been infected by nightmares.

She knew, that her fate had completely changed.

She was no longer the proud and haughty girl of the past. She was no longer the favoured child of fate. She could not help but wear rough clothing and plain hairpins, and could not help but eat the simplest of foods. She had to conserve every last ounce of silver, to support her fallen family.

The cruelty of fate collided against her directly.

Song Qingluo suddenly felt she had plummeted into an endless darkness, not even able to see the slightest hint of light.

Everything, was because of Song Xiaojun.

Did she hate her?

Perhaps she should. But without knowing why, Song Qingluo could not muster up such hatred.

Becaue she knew, her cousin that came from a concubine, was also a pitiful person.

This time, her father had brought Song Qingluo, brought the last hope of the Song family to Youyan Pass. With the guidance of a son from a friend, they wanted to obtain the chance to enter into the Proud sky centre. If they were able to enter into the Proud sky centre, and be able to meet with some important characters, perhaps Qingluo merchant company would be able to obtain a chance to revive themselves.

But the right to enter Proud sky centre, just how could it be so easily obtained?

-------------------

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

