Chapter 1061:


Chapter 1076 - Two-Legged Sheep

"Miss, shall we move these humans somewhere else?" one of her guards suggested.

Zhou Yuexin thought for a moment before she shook her head, "We can't go outside since their men would have definitely laid traps for us all around. The manor is completely besieged and kept under close watch by these men. We have sheltered so many humans that the moment we bring them out, they will immediately be discovered. In any case, there's nowhere else we can go since other than this manor, there is no other shelter for these humans."

"What should we do?"

"That's right. Miss, if these men barge in and discover that you've been providing them refuge, they would pin this crime on you."

"Yes, the crime of providing refuge to humans is not a petty crime. If these men manage to secure evidence, Prince Xu Xuesheng will definitely use this opportunity to attack the manor."

Her bodyguards chimed in one after another.

As the Commander's residence of one of the three main standing armies of Dragon Scale Province, they had always come under fire because of their stance toward the humans. In particular, the ruler of the Dragon Scale Province, Xu Xuesheng bore extreme hatred toward them and had always wanted to attack the manor, but because Zhou Tingyu used to be the elite guard of the current Dragon Human War God Xu Wuya and they were very close friends, Xu Xuesheng did not dare to attack the manor rashly.

Now that chaos had descended upon this land and it was ruled by three major powers, Xu Xuesheng felt that his chance had finally arrived.

Over the past few days, Commander Zhou's residence had already been under extreme pressure.

"Let's go out to take a look," Zhou Yuexin said resolutely.

The group of them walked along the passageways and passed by several courtyards before they finally arrived at the front yard.

They heard an authoritative voice growl angrily from a distance, "Xue Tiexin, how dare you barge into my manor? Don't blame me for not showing you mercy…"

Had a fight already broken out?

Zhou Yuexin felt her heart clench in worry and she walked even faster.

When Zhou Yuexin and her ladies arrived, they saw that the guards of the manor had already unsheathed their swords and spears. The guards looked very fierce and stood in a military formation as they faced off against men in blood-colored armor.

Commander Zhou Tingyu was a burly and bearded man whose dragon horns towered above his head. He looked like a powerful and brave Dragon Human and his aura surged like a river. He held a steel saber in one hand and although his saber was still in its sheath, his aura was as sharp as a long saber and piercing saber qi spread across the area in a menacing manner.

The commander of the blood-colored troops, Xu Tiexin, was tall and slim with slanted eyes and a hooked nose. He looked very sinister and ruthless, like a ferocious dog that hunted in the night and exuded a maniacal aura.

"Commander Zhou Tingyu, I'm merely acting in accordance with my orders. Please don't make things difficult for me," Xu Tiexin replied with a fake smile and looked at him mockingly. "This is not the first time we have received a report that the manor is providing refuge to the humans. More than a thousand citizens have witnessed your guards taking humans away, so may I ask where have you been keeping these humans?"

Zhou Yuexin appeared from the back and stood beside her father as she said, "Of course we have followed Prince Xu Xuesheng's orders and killed them all."

"Ha ha ha, I'm afraid that you'll find very few citizens of Hidden Dragon City who would believe those words. Miss Yuexin, I'm going to go straight to the point – if you obey my orders and hand over the humans you've been hiding, I might show you and those of your residence mercy. Otherwise…"

"What would you do then?" Zhou Yuexin's brows arched as she scoffed coldly. "Are you going to launch an attack on our residence? With your men who do nothing but stuff their bellies full of wine and rice?"

The situation was extremely tense.

As Ye Qingyu stood in a corner and observed the stand-off, his impression of Zhou Tingyu and his daughter had improved greatly and this also affected his impression of the entire Dragon Human Race. He had thought a lot about that plan he heard from the Puppet Bloodworm and had been a little worried but now, it seemed like the situation wasn't as bad as he thought.

He stood in a corner and no one managed to detect his presence at all.

Xu Tiexin's face darkened as he said, "Zhou Tingyu, I'm done trying to persuade you. If you refuse to obey my orders, I'll have no choice but to attack. Men, I hereby proclaim that we will attack the Commander's residence!"

Thump! Thump! Thump!

The military drums sounded.

Countless bugle calls sounded all around the manor, then there were heavy footsteps and powerful formation energy waves surged from all directions as tens of thousands of soldiers besieged the entire manor. Several rays of flowing lights flickered across the skies as the aerial army of the Dragon Human Race completely locked down the skies.

Zhou Tingyu's expression immediately changed.

"The Flying Dragon Army and the Shield Army? You… actually dared to mobilize the army?" Zhou Tingyu realized that the situation had taken a turn for the worse.

The Flying Dragon Army, the Shield Army and the Destroyer Army were the three main regular armies of the Dragon Scale Province and Zhou Tingyu commanded the most powerful Destroyer Army which was an offshoot of Xu Wuya's Dragon Teeth Army while the Flying Dragon Army and the Shield Army were under the command of the Prince of Dragon Scale Province, Xu Xuesheng. The fact that these two armies had appeared outside the Commander's residence meant that…

"Ha ha ha, Zhou Tingyu, by defying the Prince and providing refuge to the humans, you have brought about your own downfall. The Prince had already given you many chances but you didn't know how to treasure them," Xu Tiexin laughed loudly. "Today is the day when your residence will be completely destroyed."

As he laughed, he issued the order to attack.

Battle cries broke out all around the manor.

The scent of blood gradually started to spread across the air.

Ye Qingyu understood that this wasn't only about the Human Race, but it was also an internal power struggle amongst the Dragon Human Race and the forging of a new order. Commander Zhou Tingyu was obviously a passive bystander and had been tricked by that lofty Prince Xu Xuesheng.

"Father…" Zhou Yuexin cried out worriedly. She hadn't expected that things could turn out this way. Their opponent was obviously only using the excuse of seizing the humans to launch an attack on their residence.

Those at the Commander's residence were rather strong, but they were limited in numbers and there were only several thousand elite guards who were currently present at the manor. The main force of the Destroyer Army was camped outside Hidden Dragon City and would not be able to enter the city and come to their aid in time. Therefore, the Commander's residence was definitely at a disadvantage.

"Ha ha ha, what a great excuse. Even if I handed over the humans today, you will definitely not let me off," Zhou Tingyu laughed coldly. As a commander of an army, he soon calmed down and sent out a series of orders. "It won't be easy for you to destroy the Zhou family. If you dare to attack me, you must prepare yourself for defeat."

Clearly, he had also made preparations beforehand.

An arrow rose into the sky and exploded several thousand feet above ground. The explosion could be seen within a radius of several hundred kilometers.

"Kill them all. Those who dare to attack my manor should not even dream of walking out alive," Commander Zhou Tingyu said, killing intent clear in his face.

A fierce battle broke out.

"Traitor, I'll kill you first," Zhou Yuexin unsheathed her long sword and turned into a sword rainbow as she charged at Xu Tiexin. She was an expert swordswoman and when she attacked ferociously, she was surprisingly strong. Several elite guards from Xu Tiexin's camp tried to stop her, but they were all sliced into pieces by her sword.

Xu Tiexin countered with an attack of his own despite his surprise and rage.

Zhou Tingyu also made his move.

The moment he unsheathed his long saber, saber radiance hurtled through the air and several experts from Xu Tiexin's army were hacked into dust. Fiery flame force rolled over them in extremely powerful waves. Zhou Tingyu cultivated a yuan qi of the fire element and had used one of the saber techniques that belonged to the four major clans of the Dragon People but was now considered a lost technique.

He had refined his saber technique after using it in numerous battles. It was extremely simple, but it released a terrifying saber qi. The power from one slash of his saber seemed like an army of thousands were charging at the enemy.

In a blink of an eye, the experts from Xue Tiexin's unit had almost been completely vanquished.

He raised his saber and pointed it at Xue Tiexin.

"Yue'er, retreat. Let me kill this man and we'll end this quickly," Zhou Tingyu exuded a formidable aura and his Saint force burst forth, his yuan qi locked in tightly on Xu Tiexin like a web.

The house of Xu was the reigning royal house of the Dragon Human Race.

Xu Tiexin was enraged and said, "Zhou Tingyu, are you trying to revolt? Do you really want to go up against Prince Xu Xuesheng with your Destroyer Army? You must be dreaming…" He knew that he was not a match for this experienced commander and tried to retreat as fast as he could.

"Die."

Zhou Tingyu slashed out with his long saber.

Flaming saber light exploded powerfully.

"Ah…" Xu Tiexin cried out in surprise and tried to beat a hasty retreat, but his body was completely enveloped by this flaming saber light and immediately, his body burst into flames, ignited by the scorching temperature from the saber light.

Zhou Tingyu attacked again.

Xu Tiexin struggled with all his might.

The battle ended very quickly. Zhou Tingyu sent out five saber attacks and finally defeated Xu Tiexin who was turned into a pile of burnt ashes as his life withered away.

"Why?" Xu Tiexin cried out in despair before he died.

He wasn't talking to Zhou Tingyu, but he was asking…

Suddenly, something happened. Black lightning appeared from nowhere like a black poisonous viper that spat out powerful force. It seized upon the chance when Zhou Tingyu was recalling his saber to invade his body and attack him with its palm.

Boom!

Yuan qi force exploded everywhere.

Zhou Tingyu was sent flying while blood gushed freely from his mouth. He landed against the doors to the great hall with a mighty crash and the great hall immediately collapsed…

"Father," Zhou Yuexin cried out in alarm and rushed to the debris to help her father up.

A clear black flaming palm print appeared on Zhou Tingyu's chest, right where his heart was. He opened his mouth and black blood gushed out from it, mixed with pieces of his shredded internal organs.

"Xu Xuesheng, how dare you launch a sneak attack on me? That was absolutely despicable. You…" Zhou Tingyu looked toward the courtyard.

The battle stopped.

The elite guards of the Destroyer Army quickly retreated and surrounded both Zhou Tingyu and Zhou Yuexin protectively.

A short and stout Dragon Human Race expert appeared in the courtyard. He had a wispy beard and was dressed in a black brocade robe. He looked sinister and authoritative and the blood-colored dragon horns on his head made him look extremely malicious. This was the governor of Dragon Scale Province – Prince Xu Xuesheng.

"Those who dare to defy me will be hacked into pieces," he said as he stared at Zhou Tingyu. Then he laughed coldly, "You have indeed captured the essence of the flaming army saber after putting it through countless battles. What a pity that you'll still have to die."

"You chose to let Xu Tiexin die in order to sneak a look at and decipher the mysteries of my saber technique. How ruthless of you. You're practically a poisonous snake."

He hadn't expected Prince Xu Xuesheng to be present today as well. Neither did he expect the prince to be so powerful and his character to be so malicious and dark. The Prince had already been in their midst but did not attack. Instead, he had kept himself hidden to launch a sneak attack on him and deliberately used his battle with Xu Tiexin to discover the mysteries behind his saber techniques before suddenly attacking him.

"The end justifies the means. Everyone in your manor shall die today," Xu Xuesheng said viciously. "The humans who you have sheltered deserve death and the Alliance will not let you off. It is a pity that you have arrogantly assumed that your Destroyer Army was so powerful that you didn't know when to stop and brought about your own downfall."

"Those of the Human Race are also citizens of the Dragon Human Domain, so why are you trying to exterminate them all?" Zhou Yuexin said angrily.

"Those of the Human Race are the lowliest scum and parasites who feed off us. They have been known as two-legged sheep since the ancient times and they are merely fat sheep with two legs. Ha ha, they are only worthy of being our food. It is laughable that you lot have been shielding the Human Race despite being part of the noble Dragon Human Race," Xu Xuesheng laughed coldly. "I will make sure that I'll eat up all the humans taking refuge in your manor today. Ha ha. I can't forget the taste of the Human Race…

The enemy had broken past the walls that surrounded the Commander's residence.

The battle cries drew nearer.

And the winner was clear now.

Xu Xuesheng laughed maniacally.

Despair was written on the faces of both Zhou Tingyu and Zhou Yuexin.

Then, an unfamiliar suddenly rang out, "How many humans have you eaten?"

A terrifying and authoritative aura emerged.

Xu Xuesheng's expression changed as he suddenly felt a terrifying force descend upon him, as though it was trying to crush him to the ground. He was shocked when he found that he wasn't able to put up a struggle at all.

Ye Qingyu appeared from a ripple in the Void and approached him.

"You deserve death," Ye Qingyu looked at Xu Xuesheng.

He felt killing intent boil in his heart like a pot of boiling water when he looked at this cruel Dragon Human governor of Dragon Scale Province who treated humans as two-legged sheep to be eaten. This governor definitely had to die.

"Who… who are you?" Xu Xuesheng asked in horror. He tried his best to break away from Ye Qingyu's force but Ye Qingyu's yuan qi alone was enough to completely suppress him as though he had cast a body-locking spell on him. This meant that Ye Qingyu must be incredibly powerful.

Where had such a terrifying expert come from?

"It's you?" Zhou Yuexin exclaimed in surprise.

She recognized this white-robed young man as the human nobleman who didn’t have any martial cultivation her men rescued today. When did he appear… and how could he be so powerful?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1062:


Chapter 1077 – Recognition


What was he doing here?

Zhou Yuexin was completely astonished. When she met Ye Qingyu in the courtyard earlier, he looked like a nobleman without any martial cultivation who had fallen on hard times. Yet, from Xu Xuesheng's reaction after this man's appearance, could this young human man be a powerful expert?

However, there was only a limited number of Human Race experts throughout the Dragon Human Domain, so when did such a powerful expert emerge from their midst?

The same question had also popped into Xu Xuesheng's head.

"You… May I know who you are?" The governor of Dragon Scale Province was afraid and trembled in fear. He tried to put on a brave front and asked, "Why are you meddling in the affairs of the Dragon Human Race?" Before he knew it, he had already started to speak to this young man politely.

Ye Qingyu smiled as he replied, "Meddling in the affairs of the Dragon Human Race? You're wrong. I have no interest in that."

Xu Xuesheng let out a small sigh of relief at his words. He would be able to stage a comeback as long as this mysterious expert did not attack him.

Then, Ye Qingyu tacked on an additional line, "All I want… is to kill you."

"You… Why?" Xu Xuesheng's face turned pale and fear was written all over his face.

"Because I'm part of the Human Race." Ye Qingyu clearly placed an emphasis on every word.

The answer was simple, but at the same time, it sealed Xu Xuesheng's fate and he was forced to swallow all the excuses that he had wanted to make. He was rendered speechless because he knew that this human expert had already heard what he said earlier, and during this period, he had been slaughtering humans in Hidden Dragon City, so his hands were stained with their blood. Therefore, this human expert would not let him off.

Battle cries burst forth from all directions.

Countless figures charged forward. These soldiers were all clad in black armor, each carrying a huge shield on their backs, as they came toward him like a huge black wave. There were at least five to six thousand of them and the Flying Dragon Army also circled the air, protecting Xu Xuesheng.

"It won't be so easy to kill me," Xu Xuesheng said darkly with a sinister expression on his face.

He secretly exerted several Saint weapons.

As the highest-ranked governor of Dragon Scale Province, he controlled large amounts of wealth and resources. Most people were unaware that he was a martial expert, he even managed to keep this a secret from Zhou Tingyu, so no one would expect him to have all kinds of trump cards and secret weapons.

"Kill. Men, kill him!" he shouted and directed his men to charge at Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and casually waved his hand to send out a dazzling ray of sword light.

Hundreds of experts from the Shield Army who charged toward him were caught in this sword light and immediately turned into white snow that floated away in the Void. No blood had been spilled but it was enough to shock everybody. This was an incredibly terrifying technique and they were stunned that he could kill without bloodshed, as though he was an Immortal.

"Kill. Activate the military formation and kill him!" Xu Xuesheng yelled in fright.

He knew that he had encountered a truly formidable Human Race expert today and he was suddenly gripped by terror. He was secretly retreating even as he commanded his troops to charge forward.

Formation markings circulated in the Void.

The experts of the Shield Army used their shields to lay out a formation and connected their black shields to form a large black wall. There were many inscriptions engraved on their shields, and at first glance, they looked like they were merely for decorative purposes. But after these shields were connected, these inscriptions came together to form a perfect formation. A boundless and frightening force started to circulate in their midst.

"Attack them now before they complete their formation." Zhou Tingyu, who was seriously injured, knew exactly how powerful the Shield Army's formation could be and could not help issuing a loud warning. But the moment he opened his mouth, black blood gushed out from it once again.

Ye Qingyu ignored him.

He studied the military formation with interest.

This was an interesting idea.

There were seven types of inscriptions on the shield, and a minimum of three shields would be required to form a small formation and varying combinations of three could produce seven kinds of ordinary formations. But when hundreds of thousands of shields were connected, they could form a large formation that had no end in sight. The power of the formation aside, this train of thought was very novel and his eyes lit up. He felt as though a whole new world had opened up to him.

Therefore, he examined this formation very carefully.

"Hey, watch out. Don't drag it out for too long," Zhou Yuexin reminded him, afraid that this white-robed young man would lose his advantage if he continued to wait it out.

Ye Qingyu turned to smile at this kind-hearted Dragon Human.

Then, the Shield Army had finally completed their perfect formation.

Boom!

A black dragon that was several thousand meters long appeared from the formation and circled around the Void. Then, it charged down at Ye Qingyu ferociously, as though it was about to swallow him whole and kill him.

"Watch out!" Zhou Yuexin issued a warning, her face pale with terror.

Zhou Tingyu's face had also gone pale.

This was a black dragon that was transformed from the powers of thousands of elite Dragon Human soldiers, so it was extremely frightening and could destroy heaven and earth. This Human Race expert had ultimately dallied too long...

These were the thoughts that ran through his head, but his jaw suddenly dropped open in shock the next moment.

Zhou Yuexin, who was supporting him, was also completely dumbfounded.

Even though his opponent was a long black dragon, Ye Qingyu casually waved his hand through the air once more to send out a ray of sword light. It shone blindingly as it hurtled through the air and the huge black dragon shadow immediately disappeared as though it was gone with the wind, with not a trace of its former strength remaining.

Snow danced through the Void.

This destructive black dragon, which looked like it could bring about the apocalypse, was turned into snow with one slash of his sword.

The sky was so bright that it did not seem real.

"How could this be?" Xu Xuesheng, who was under the protection of his guards, turned pale with despair.

How could this human expert be so incredibly strong? This was the Shield Army's [Black Dragon God-Killing Formation], yet this human expert had managed to destroy it with a simple wave of his hand. Could... he be a Great Saint expert?

"It's time to end this." Ye Qingyu attacked again and slashed out with his sword.

Xu Xuesheng did not even have time to react before his head was already sent flying up into the sky. Astonishment was written all over his face as it sailed through the sky, as though he did not know up until the very end that he was already dead.

That dazzling ray of sword light seemed as though it had the power to destroy everything in its way.

Zhou Tingyu and his daughter froze in stunned silence.

"I will spare those who surrender!" Ye Qingyu's voice rang out authoritatively throughout the Commander's residence.

The remaining thousands of soldiers from the Shield Army stared at each other in horror.

Countless soldiers from the Flying Dragon Army charged down from the sky.

"Let's avenge the Prince's death!"

"We must kill that damn human!"

Several soldiers from the Flying Dragon Army were enraged and wanted to seek revenge.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and two rays of purple divine splendor shot out from his eyes like divine swords. All the soldiers who came into contact with this purple divine splendor were immediately turned to dust that scattered in the wind.

He exuded such divine authority that it did not seem like he was a mortal being.

"I don't wish to kill everyone," he said as he turned to Zhou Tingyu. An invisible force surged out of him and entered Zhou Tingyu's body. Before Zhou Tingyu knew it, his wounds were healed and that unwanted black force was destroyed.

"Many thanks." Zhou Tingyu's strength immediately returned.

He understood what Ye Qingyu had meant earlier. If the Shield Army and the Flying Dragon Army continued to resist, Ye Qingyu would wipe out both armies, and based on what he had seen, this Human Race expert definitely had the power to do so.

"Why are you still not surrendering? What are you waiting for?" Zhou Tingyu shouted.

As the commander of the Destroyer Army, he was a commanding presence in the military. The Flying Dragon Army and the Shield Army finally chose to surrender after being confronted with the authoritative figures of both Zhou Tingyu and Ye Qingyu.

Commander Zhou's residence was no longer in danger.

"I'll help you subdue all resistance from the Flying Dragon Army and the Shield Army and kill all those who put up any resistance throughout the Dragon Scale Province. You'll be the governor of Dragon Scale Province from now on," he said.

Zhou Tingyu was shocked by his words.

"You... Why did you choose me?" he asked. He already guessed that Ye Qingyu was not here by chance and that he was probably here on a mission, but he did not expect Ye Qingyu to help him vanquish all his enemies and appoint him as the governor of Dragon Scale Province.

He was very surprised and felt that this was an unbelievably good stroke of luck. He was absolutely sure that becoming the governor of Dragon Scale Province was not a pipe dream if he had the support of this powerful expert.

"Probably because of the ten thousand humans you've rescued and sheltered in your backyard," Ye Qingyu said with a smile. "If you are in charge of Dragon Scale Province, you won't treat the humans here unkindly."

Zhou Tingyu immediately agreed with his reasoning.

He believed in Ye Qingyu's words.

Thus, he ultimately accepted Ye Qingyu's assistance.

Any hot-blooded male would want to achieve greatness during times of chaos. And Zhou Tingyu was not just an ordinary male, but he was also a general. Naturally, a general would be ambitious. In this way, he would not only be able to protect the Human Race, but he could also protect the Dragon Human Race from being affected by the internal chaos raging outside and create a safe sanctuary for them all.

What happened next was very straightforward.

Under Ye Qingyu's protection, Zhou Tingyu left the city to arrive at the Destroyer Army camp and saved his troops, who were facing attacks from the Flying Dragon Army and the Shield Army. Then, they launched a counterattack on both their military camps. Ye Qingyu was invincible wherever he went and killed the Dragon Human Race experts who dared to resist him. Zhou Tingyu gained complete control over these two standing troops with Ye Qingyu's assistance.

Then, Hidden Dragon City was also swept up in the bloodshed.

"I want an explanation."

These were the exact words that Ye Qingyu said to Zhou Tingyu.

During this period, the Dragon Human Race had massacred and captured many humans. He could let those ordinary soldiers off the hook, but those cruel Dragon Human noblemen whose hands were stained with the blood of many humans had to pay the price for their actions.

Zhou Tingyu was definitely not someone who would show mercy to the weak.

At the same time, he wanted to use this chance to get rid of the noblemen alliance in this province and kill all of Xu Xuesheng's loyal subjects. Now that he had gained control over the three regular armies of Dragon Scale Province with Ye Qingyu's help, he had nothing to fear. The entire province was cleansed by the sword, and within a single night, all the elderly noblemen who had oppressed the Human Race were killed; no one was spared.

The next day, the sun shone brightly and the sky was bright and clear.

The scent of blood still wafted through the air in Hidden Dragon City, but the city had undergone a complete change.

A series of laws were issued and proclaimed throughout the city.

The Human Race would be under governmental protection.

The dust had finally settled.

In the great hall at Commander Zhou's residence—

"Many thanks for your help." Zhou Tingyu was elated with his success now that he had control of the province, but he still bowed respectfully to Ye Qingyu.

He had only battled alongside Ye Qingyu for one night and half a day, but that was enough for him to see how terrifyingly powerful this Human Race expert was. It had also completely overturned his perception of the Human Race's martial way. No matter how strong their opponents were, no one was able to handle one move from this Human Race expert, who could send out a ray of dazzling sword light with a wave of his hand to destroy everything in sight. There seemed no end to his power, and Zhou Tingyu felt like he was standing on a mountain peak trying to decipher the depths of a deep pool below.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

"Do you know this man?" He tapped the Void and a picture of a Dragon Human expert appeared in it. This Dragon Human expert was dressed in his armor, and the picture only showed his side profile but his aura was incredibly realistic, as though he was standing in front of them.

This was part of Wei Wubing's memories that had been absorbed by the Puppet Bloodworm. This Dragon Human expert was one of the murderers who had killed Ren Puyang in the dark territory.

"Him?" Zhou Tingyu exclaimed in shock, clearly recognizing this man at once.

"Who is he?" Ye Qingyu asked.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1063:


Chapter 1078 - Transforming the Devil into a Spirit


"I saw this person at Lord Xu Wuya's side before," Zhou Tingyu said. He had eventually decided to speak the truth after hesitating for a while. "He's one of Lord Xu Wuya's three most trusted lieutenants and has served at his side for many years. He's known as Zhang Wuxin, and we served in the same unit previously."

Zhang Wuxin?

The trusted lieutenant of Xu Wuya, the Dragon Human Race's War God?

Ye Qingyu's expression changed a little.

The answer given to him was beyond his original expectations.

Ye Qingyu recalled that in the memories that the Puppet Bloodworm had collected from Wei Wubing, Zhang Wuxin had taken part in the sneak attack against Ren Puyang. If he was one of Xu Wuya's men, did it mean that the War God of the Dragon Human Race was one of the masterminds behind Ren Puyang's assassination?

"From what you've just told me, this Zhang Wuxin should be with Xu Wuya now, right?" Ye Qingyu questioned Zhou Tingyu further.

Zhou Tingyu did not know why Ye Qingyu was so concerned about this, but continued to reply to him truthfully, "Not exactly. Lord Xu Wuya is fond of giving his men opportunities. As long as they are truly capable, he'll place them in important positions, regardless of their background or race. Take me for example. I was merely an ordinary citizen of the Dragon Human Race and a personal guard of his. His testimonial allowed me to take up the post of commander of the shock troops in Dragon Scale Province. Zhang Wuxin was a valiant officer in the Dragon Teeth Army and was well-liked by our lord. Four years ago, he had already taken control of a province himself, and now he's the highest ranking official in Snow Dragon Province."

"Oh? Snow Dragon Province?" Ye Qingyu replied and nodded slightly.

"Sir, you asked about Zhang Wuxin because...?" Zhou Tingyu asked a little curiously.

Ye Qingyu glanced at him and replied casually, "You'll understand why in the near future."

Zhou Tingyu did not dare to question him further.

"Now that all three regular armies of the Dragon Scale Province are under your control, it shouldn't be a problem for you to suppress the entire province, right?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Zhou Tingyu replied with a serious expression, "Now that you've helped me set the stage, my lord, what's left for me is only to clean things up. If I can't even manage that, I wouldn't have dared to ask you to intervene, my lord," Zhou Tingyu said, his tone revealing his solid self-confidence. He had been the commander of an army once, and he was a strong martial arts expert who began his career at the side of Xu Wuya, the God of War. He could not have gone through all of that without possessing some real skills.

Ye Qingyu nodded and replied, "Fine, I'll be leaving today. Take care of yourself and treat my people well. If I hear that you've been slaughtering them like Xu Xuesheng, I'll hunt you down and slay you, no matter if it's in heaven or hell. Even Xu Wuya himself can't protect you then. Is that clear?"

Zhou Tingyu replied hurriedly, "Rest assured, my lord. I'm willing to swear a martial vow to never kill any human, and that I'll be struck down by heavenly lightning and turned into ash if I do..." He then proceeded to vow solemnly.

Zhou Yuexin was standing in a corner, quietly listening to them speak.

The beautiful, kind, and soldierly maiden of the Dragon Human Race had been very curious about Ye Qingyu since she had met him.

Her lover was a warrior from the Human Race. As such, she had a good impression of Ye Qingyu and did not have a strange feeling of superiority when she was dealing with humans.

"May I know where will you heading next, my lord?" Zhou Yuexin asked as she blinked her large eyes.

"To the Snow Dragon Province to meet Zhang Wuxin," Ye Qingyu replied without any attempt to conceal his intentions. He paused for a while before continuing, "Perhaps, I may even meet up with Xu Wuya, the legend of the Dragon Human Army."

Zhou Yuexin's eyes lit up instantly after hearing him.

"You want to go to where the Dragon Teeth Army is situated? My lord... can you bring me along?" she asked, full of hope.

Her lover, who she had been thinking of every day and night, was in the Dragon Teeth Army.

They had already been separated for quite some time, and Zhou Yuexin was at the age where girls had their first awakening of love. Her heart ached with love, and girls her age would easily give unconditional love to their lovers. How could she not think about him? She wished that she could be with him every day, and she had been wanting to meet him for a long time, but dark times were suddenly upon everyone. Bandits and trouble were everywhere, and countless strongmen had risen. Furthermore, the situation in Hidden Dragon City was unstable and she could not bear to leave her father behind. Even if she did, the journey would be fraught with danger and difficult to complete. However, now that she heard Ye Qingyu wanted to head to the Dragon Teeth Army, she was instantly overjoyed. What obstacle could possibly trouble a peerless martial arts expert like him?

"You?" Ye Qingyu took another look at her.

He was puzzled as to why he kept meeting people who asked to follow by his side ever since he entered the domain of the Dragon Human Race. Before, he had met Hao Jianren, and now, Zhou Yuexin was requesting the same thing.

"I believe that you must have come from a foreign domain, my lord. Regardless of what you hope to achieve by coming into the domain of the Dragon People, you look like it's your first time here. You're unfamiliar with this place, while I grew up here. I've been to all of the major provinces in this domain, and I can be your guide," Zhou Yuexin said, trying hard to convince Ye Qingyu.

Zhou Tingyu thought about something as he heard his daughter speak to Ye Qingyu. "My lord, my daughter is right. She traveled around everywhere in this domain when she was younger and is very familiar with the lay of the land here. If you need a guide, she'll be your best option; she's very knowledgeable."

Ye Qingyu thought about it and nodded, "Alright."

He was planning to look for Zhang Wuxin and the other nobles of the Dragon Human Race, and he knew that he would set off alarm bells by trying to force his way to them. Even if he managed to slay Zhang Wuxin, what if the others managed to hide themselves? After all, Zhang Wuxin could not have been the only murderer who schemed to assassinate Ren Puyang. Zhou Yuexin was familiar with the geography and happenings in the Dragon People Domain, and she was friendly toward humans. As such, she would definitely qualify as a guide.

As for Hao Jianren, there would be no need to bring him along.

"This is great," Zhou Yuexin said, overjoyed.

"I'll go prepare and come back shortly," the maiden said excitedly as she turned to leave and pack up.

Zhou Tingyu was standing beside them, and he seemed to have stopped himself from speaking a few times. Even until now, he did not know what Ye Qingyu's true identity was.

Human martial arts experts of such a level would definitely not remain unknown in the Vast Thousand Domains. He had tried to guess Ye Qingyu's true identity in private before to no avail. No one would have been able to connect such a gentle and noble looking young man to the legendary bloodthirsty Insane Devil Ye. Furthermore, there were many rumors about him in the domain of the Dragon Human Race, but most of them were not true. Many of them described Ye Qingyu as a giant with three heads and six arms...

That said, Zhou Tingyu did not dare to clarify his doubts.

The respect he had for Ye Qingyu was indeed extreme.

Zhou Yuexin returned very quickly after packing up her belongings. She had changed into a snowy white set of warrior's clothes and carried a sword on her back; her getup was exactly like that of a sword-carrying maid. She looked extremely cute and as elegant as icy snow. She hopped over to Ye Qingyu and said happily, "From today on, I'm your sword attendant, sir."

Ye Qingyu smiled.

Both of them left Hidden Dragon City.

One day later, in Snow Dragon City, the provincial capital of Snow Dragon Province—

Compared to the chaos and carnage in Hidden Dragon City, this place looked much more prosperous. People weaved in and out of the streets in an orderly fashion, and evidently, the majority of them were from the Dragon Human Race. There were also many people from different races, but humans were still at the bottom of society here. This was especially true during the past year, where there were rumors that Ye Qingyu, the insane devil of the Heaven Wasteland Domain, had killed the old emperor of the Dragon Human Race. As such, a hatred of humans pervaded the air of the entire Dragon People Domain.

The architecture of the Dragon People was similar to that of humans, but it was slightly wider and taller in comparison.

The streets were filled with people.

Countless gazes fell on Ye Qingyu and Zhou Yuexin.

"She's simply too beautiful. How could such an outstanding beauty be just a sword attendant?" lamented everyone who laid eyes on her. There was a saying about how filial piety would amplify a woman's beauty, and Zhou Yuexin's beauty was further accentuated by her unique white warrior's garb. She looked like a fairy who had descended from the heavens, and many Dragon People gazed at her in amazement.

Some of them frowned and observed, "How could such a shining pearl of our race be subservient to a human? She seems to be his maid, and that's a huge disgrace."

Many people had noticed that Ye Qingyu was walking in front of Zhou Yuexin, and that she was only carrying a sword and following behind him.

Evidently, it seemed that this weak-looking, young human male in white was the sword-carrying maiden's master, and it was completely unacceptable to them.

"Humans are low-class peasants in the domain of the Dragon People. This human brat doesn't have any yuan qi surrounding him and is merely trash that doesn't know any martial arts. What right does he have to own a sword attendant that is a peerless maiden of the Dragon People? What position is he in to do that? When did our kind allow such a piece of human trash to climb on top of our heads?"

"No matter who or what he is, we can't possibly swallow this."

"That's right. I'm deadly certain that he's forcing this otherworldly dragon maiden to serve him."

"I want to take action and save her."

A few young warriors of the Dragon Human Race felt their emotions stir as they watched the two strangers, and felt that this was their chance to save a damsel in distress. They rubbed their palms in excitement and tried to achieve their goals.

However, just as they were about to strike, their vision blurred and both the human and dragon maiden in white disappeared.

What just happened?

Could we have just seen ghosts?

The young martial artists rubbed their eyes in disbelief. There was a considerable number of them, and it was not possible that all of them had been hallucinating at the same time.

At the same time, at the end of the street—

"Sir, those people were simply too rude. Why don't I teach those impudent fellows a lesson?" Zhou Yuexin asked. She was brimming with anger and evidently displeased with the rudeness that her own people had displayed.

Ye Qingyu smiled. "Let's attend to the more important matters at hand."

He did not want to cause any unwanted trouble, and the current situation in the domain of the Dragon People had caused the relationship between the Dragon People and humans to be very tense. It could not be resolved by genocide, and it had to be dealt with slowly in the future. Now, he had to find Zhang Wuxin first to uncover the truth behind Ren Puyang's assassination. First, it was Wei Wubing, and now Zhang Wuxin. Even though they were people of different status, the roles they played were rather similar. It gave Ye Qingyu a vague feeling that Ren Puyang's death was not as simple as it seemed.

Thirty minutes later—

Both of them appeared before the gates of the lord of the city.

It was the residence of Zhang Wuxin, the ruler of Snow Dragon Province.

"I'll go announce our arrival," said Zhou Yuexin.

Ye Qingyu shook his head and unleashed his divine sense for a brief moment. "No need for that, we'll head directly in."

There was a brief flash of light and they disappeared from the gates of the mansion without drawing anyone's attention.

Inside a secret chamber—

A burly youth of the Dragon Human Race was training hard in isolation.

Immense primal draconic energy circled around his body, and it seemed as though red snowflakes were floating in the air. He was practicing the supreme technique of the Ice Division of his people—the [True Vitality of the Snow Dragon]. His mastery of the technique was already at the Sage level, and he was a martial expert who had few peers in the Saint realm.

This youth of the Dragon People was Zhang Wuxin.

After he arrived in Snow Dragon City to report for duty, he had spent a large amount of money to hire countless numbers of craftsmen from the Dragon Human Race to build the secret chamber. It was meant for him to train in privacy, and it was the place in the entire Snow Dragon Province with the heaviest security presence. Many arrays with different functions were set up within it, and they could be used to accomplish different tasks.

He gradually cooled down after channeling his qi for thirty-six cycles.

"The [True Vitality of the Snow Dragon] is indeed one of the supreme techniques of our kind. It's really profound, and if I can completely master it, perhaps I can transform into a divine spirit and remove all of the demon qi in me. Even peak-level Great Saints will not be able to detect my true identity then, even if I'm not wearing the [Demon Suppressing Talisman]. During that time..."

He broke into a smile gradually and opened his eyes.

What he saw caused the hairs on his back to stand on end. He was extremely shocked and channeled his power instinctively. Powerful primal draconic energy was unleashed, and he leaped backward in a flash, thereby creating some distance between himself and the intruders. He stared at them as if he had just seen ghosts and began speaking in a voice hoarse from shock and anger, "Who are... you two? How did you enter?"

He was extremely surprised to see two strangers appear in his secret chamber without any warning.

One of them was a human youth in white robes. He looked as brittle and exquisite as jade.

The other was a beautiful maiden of the Dragon Human Race, and she was carrying a sword on her back.

How could this be?

He was extremely certain about the tight security of this secret chamber, so how did these two people enter?

Zhang Wuxin could vaguely sense that something was not quite right.

"You transformed from a demon into a spirit? So that's why... Seems like I didn't guess wrong; both Wei Wubing and you are of the same kind," the human in white, Ye Qingyu, said. He took a good measure of Zhang Wuxin before continuing, "How many accomplices do you have hidden within the Vast Thousand Domains?"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1064:


Chapter 1079 - The Real Mastermind
"Who are you?"
Zhang Wuxin's expression had turned gloomy.
An invisible force was slowly diffusing into the air of the secret chamber.
"You can stop wasting your effort," Ye Qingyu remarked. Of course, he had observed this Dragon Human channeling his qi. "I've already slain Wei Wubing and searched his soul. Maybe you're slightly stronger than him, but you'll end up just like he did. Tell me what I want to know honestly, and perhaps I can let you die a quick and painless death."
But before his voice had died down—
"Die."
There was a low growl, and a ray of white light shot out from Zhang Wuxin's palm.
It was a bone spur.
It contained an alarming magical force, and it was flying toward Ye Qingyu like a bolt of lightning.
Ye Qingyu exhaled.
A breath of icy qi shot out from his mouth, instantly freezing the incoming spur. It turned into white dust, which soon dissipated into the surrounding air.
"Kill!"
Zhang Wuxin split himself into three mirror images and appeared in an instant before Ye Qingyu. His palms had transformed into knives of white bone, and he slashed at the intruder. This was no longer a martial arts technique of the Dragon Human Race. Evidently, Zhang Wuxin had long realized that it would have been child's play for Ye Qingyu.
"Boom!"
Ye Qingyu punched.
Zhang Wuxin flew backward.
An icy energy flowed in the secret chamber.
Traces of ice could be vaguely spotted on the four walls, ceiling, and floor of the chamber. Ye Qingyu had set up arrays in the room, long before Zhang Wuxin regained consciousness, to block it from the outside world. His skill with magical formations was so great that even Quasi-emperors had to use their mMajestic pPower to forcibly disarm them; there was no way even for them to use talismanic formations to break the arrays. Naturally, Zhang Wuxin had no way of escaping from them.
"Who are you exactly?"
Zhang Wuxin was in terrible shock.
"There are not many people in this world who can knock me back so easily. Even our War God, Xu Wuya, could not have accomplished this. Looks like this person... It looks like he really managed to kill Wei Wubing."
"Do you really not know who I am?" Ye Qingyu asked.
Zhang Wuxin looked wary and angry at the same time. A thick black aura surrounded his entire body as he replied, "I don't. Who are you? Why are you looking to find fault with us?"
"Seems like you spent too much effort trying to hide yourself and gaining Xu Wuya's trust. You didn't even bother to learn about what's going on in the outside world," Ye Qingyu said, as if he had just understood something. "If that's the case, the relationship between all of you is not that close to begin with. So, until now, you don't know what happened in the Alliance of Domains. That's good. I can slowly track all of you down with my leads... Haha, didn't you want to know who I am? I'm Ye Qingyu; remember my name. I've come to exact vengeance on behalf of Mr. Ren Puyang."
"Ye Qingyu?
The
[Ice Sword Killing God], Ye Qingyu?" Zhang Wuxin was shocked. He then began to shake his head and laugh coldly. "Impossible. Your power... Ye Qingyu can't possibly be this powerful. Hehe... Judging from your level of cultivation, you must be at the apex of the human martial arts community. You must be from
that
batch of people. Why are you trying to conceal your true identity by using the name of your junior?"
Even Zhou Yuexin, who was standing beside them, was in great shock.
This was because she had also heard of [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu's name, and her image of this up-and-coming outstanding talent of the Human Race was that his power was definitely not as terrifying as her companion. On the other hand, the human martial arts expert had asked her to call him "Mr. Ye". Could he really be the [Ice Sword Killing God]?
"At least they are about the same age,"
she thought.
The young dragon maiden kept trying to figure out his true identity.
"That batch of people? What batch?" Ye Qingyu felt that there was hidden meaning in Zhang Wuxin's words and managed to pick out the part that did not sound right.
Zhang Wuxin had recovered his senses by now. He sneered and remained silent.
He knew that he had given himself away when he was shocked senseless earlier on.
"I don't have time to waste on you. Since you're unwilling to speak, I shall use a different method to make you talk," Ye Qingyu said. He summoned the [Blood Drinkering Sword Pill] and transformed it into a long sword before slashing it at the Dragon Human.
"Haha, you underestimate me too much," Zhang Wuxin roared. "Wei Wubing was a nobody. Do you think you can subdue me just because you managed to slay him? He's not even worthy of carrying my shoes... I didn't want to reveal my true form, as it would waste all the effort I've spent all these years in trying to transform my body. But now... you've forced my hand."
As soon as he finished speaking—
Countless rays of think black qi energy surged out of his body. The secret chamber looked as if it had suddenly turned into a glass container filled with ink, and Zhou Yuexin was shocked. She had caught a glimpse of Zhang Wuxin and noticed that his skin had peeled off as if it was made of thin paper, revealing a monster made up of connected bones. It leaped out of its husk...
A terrifying power pervaded the air of the chamber.
Zhou Yuexin immediately felt as though she was suffocating and her body was about to be torn apart.
"Disperse!"
Ye Qingyu's voice rang out at this moment.
It was as if his clear-sounding voice was a command, and the black clouds filling up the entire chamber dissipated like mist under sunlight.
"Clink!"
Sparks flew right in front of Zhou Yuexin's eyes.
She got a shock.
She was completely unaware that a sword of bone had come flying toward her, but a blood-red long sword had blocked the attack at the most critical moment. Sparks were created by the collision between the two swords.
Ye Qingyu was wielding the [Blood Drinker Sword].
The sword of bone was held in the bony hands of a creature. Its height and appearance were similar to that of a human skeleton, but it was definitely not human. Its joints and bone structure seemed to be connected in a bizarre fashion, and black flames were circling around it. A blackish-red fire was flickering in its eye sockets.
This was Zhang Wuxin's true form.
Zhou Yuexin felt that it was hard to describe the shock in her heart.
"Fool," Ye Qingyu remarked as he prepared to strike again after knocking Zhang Wuxin back with a blow of his sword.
"You..." Zhang Wuxin stammered. After exchanging a few blows with his opponent, he could sense that something was not quite right. He wanted to flee, but realized that there was no way he could break through the icy array surrounding the surface of the chamber. He had originally put much effort into designing the chamber to make sure it was secure enough to prevent anyone else from discovering his secret. Now, however, it had become a prison of his own making.
"Clink! Clink!"
Sparks flew, and the sword of bone was shattered.
Zhang Wuxin was slashed by his opponent's sword multiple times, and the skeletal structure of his body looked as though it was about to collapse.
"Who are you? You can't possibly be Ye Qingyu..." Zhang Wuxin roared. "He can't possibly be this powerful. We've set up measures to defend against all beings that possess such strength. You can't possibly have escaped from our scheme. You..."
Ye Qingyu was not bothered about this matter.
"Open!"
With a clear shout, the icy array surrounding the chamber began to glow brightly.
The chamber took up less than one thousand square meters mu of space, but somehow it expanded suddenly. In an instant, it had become vast and its perimeter now covered hundreds of thousands of meters. This was the essence of a space-time formation. Ye Qingyu had inherited a portion of the mantle of [Formation Emperor] LuosoLousu, and he had spent the past few years to comprehend and incorporate his skills. Now, he was already a top-ranked Formation Master of the universe, and he could create space-time formations in the blink of an eye.
"He's yours. This time, you have to remember more memories," Ye Qingyu said into the air.
A huge, white ferocious beast roared and appeared from the Void void in the next instant.
It was the Skeletal Wyrm of War.
"Thank you, master."
It roared with joy.
It had already been pleading with Ye Qingyu in private for a long while, in the hopes that it could devour Zhang Wuxin. This would be incredibly beneficial for its evolution, and after much thought, Ye Qingyu finally agreed to its request.
"Wei Wubing?" Zhang Wuxin asked. He could feel a familiar presence instantly when the creature appeared. "No, you're not Wei Wubing, you..." he said as he was shocked to discover otherwise.
The battle began.
The entire process lasted thirty 30 minutes.
Zhang Wuxin had been seriously wounded by Ye Qingyu after all, and the wyrm had become extremely powerful after absorbing Wei Wubing's memories and strength. Eventually, Zhang Wuxin was devoured by the Skeletal Wyrm of War, and his skeletal structure collapsed. The blackish-red flames in his eye sockets were instantly swallowed up by the wyrm.
"This is..." Zhou Yuexin looked extremely shocked.
This skeletal beast of war was incredibly terrifying, and the aura it gave off was like that of a vile demon from the abyss.
"Try to contain your aura. I'll give you fifteen 15 minutes to tell me what I want to know," Ye Qingyu said. Then he waited patiently.
Fifteen 15 minutes later—
"Master, this Dragon Human... He's the mastermind," the wyrm said respectfully.
Two red rays of light shot out from its pupils, and the holographic image of a martial arts expert from the Dragon Human Race appeared in the air. He wore a suit of battle armor that was purple and gold in color, and he carried a blood-red halberd on his back. He was huge and had an authoritative presence. There was a rare air of royalty about him.
"Hmm?"
Ye Qingyu's heart trembled.
"Is this figure the old Eemperor of the Dragon Human Race?
"This... How is this possible?
"How can a dead Dragon Human be the mastermind?
"Unless..."
Ye Qingyu's gaze fell on the wyrm.
The huge skeletal figure of the wyrm began to tremble and it knelt upon the floor. "Master, I wouldn't dare lie to you. It really is this person... This time, many memories that I absorbed from Zhang Wuxin are very clear," it said with its head lowered in deference.
Ye Qingyu frowned.
"Mastermind? What mastermind?" Zhou Yuexin, who had been listening in a corner of the room, also asked at this moment. "His Majesty, the Ancient Dragon Emperor, passed away tens of thousands of years ago... What are the both of you talking about?"
"What did you say?" Ye Qingyu immediately turned to her to ask. He had a feeling that he had made a mistake, and hurriedly added, "Do you know this dragon person?"
"Yes, he used to be the Dragon God of our people. He was the person behind the resurgence of the Dragon Human dynasty, and he defeated the vile demons that invaded the domain of our people tens of thousands of years ago. He was then crowned as the Ancient Dragon Emperor, but he died a long, long time ago. It's a thing of the ancient past now," Zhou Yuexin replied confidently.
"Are you certain?" Ye Qingyu realized that he had made a mistake. This holographic image was not that of the Ancient Emperor of the Dragon Human Race.
Zhou Yuexin nodded confidently,. "Of course I'm certain. I know that all of us look pretty much the same to other races, and that they can't recognize the small differences in our looks. This is especially true regarding the royals of our race. Due to the purity of their blood, they look even more alike, but we are definitely able to tell the difference. This is because the horns of each Dragon Human are unique."
Ye Qingyu believed her words.
That was because, after close examination, he could spot the difference between the horns of this Dragon Human before them and the Ancient Emperor. He had once seen the corpse of the Ancient Emperor earlier on.
But there was another problem now.
How could the Ancient Dragon Emperor, who had died thousands of years ago, be the mastermind behind the murder of Ren Puyang?
Chapter 1079 - The Real Mastermind


"Who are you?"

Zhang Wuxin's expression had turned gloomy.

An invisible force was slowly diffusing into the air of the secret chamber.

"You can stop wasting your effort," Ye Qingyu remarked. Of course, he had observed this Dragon Human channeling his qi. "I've already slain Wei Wubing and searched his soul. Maybe you're slightly stronger than him, but you'll end up just like he did. Tell me what I want to know honestly, and perhaps I can let you die a quick and painless death."

But before his voice had died down—

"Die."

There was a low growl, and a ray of white light shot out from Zhang Wuxin's palm.

It was a bone spur.

It contained an alarming magical force, and it was flying toward Ye Qingyu like a bolt of lightning.

Ye Qingyu exhaled.

A breath of icy qi shot out from his mouth, instantly freezing the incoming spur. It turned into white dust, which soon dissipated into the surrounding air.

"Kill!"

Zhang Wuxin split himself into three mirror images and appeared in an instant before Ye Qingyu. His palms had transformed into knives of white bone, and he slashed at the intruder. This was no longer a martial arts technique of the Dragon Human Race. Evidently, Zhang Wuxin had long realized that it would have been child's play for Ye Qingyu.

"Boom!"

Ye Qingyu punched.

Zhang Wuxin flew backward.

An icy energy flowed in the secret chamber.

Traces of ice could be vaguely spotted on the four walls, ceiling, and floor of the chamber. Ye Qingyu had set up arrays in the room, long before Zhang Wuxin regained consciousness, to block it from the outside world. His skill with magical formations was so great that even Quasi-emperors had to use their mMajestic pPower to forcibly disarm them; there was no way even for them to use talismanic formations to break the arrays. Naturally, Zhang Wuxin had no way of escaping from them.

"Who are you exactly?"

Zhang Wuxin was in terrible shock.

"There are not many people in this world who can knock me back so easily. Even our War God, Xu Wuya, could not have accomplished this. Looks like this person... It looks like he really managed to kill Wei Wubing."

"Do you really not know who I am?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Zhang Wuxin looked wary and angry at the same time. A thick black aura surrounded his entire body as he replied, "I don't. Who are you? Why are you looking to find fault with us?"

"Seems like you spent too much effort trying to hide yourself and gaining Xu Wuya's trust. You didn't even bother to learn about what's going on in the outside world," Ye Qingyu said, as if he had just understood something. "If that's the case, the relationship between all of you is not that close to begin with. So, until now, you don't know what happened in the Alliance of Domains. That's good. I can slowly track all of you down with my leads... Haha, didn't you want to know who I am? I'm Ye Qingyu; remember my name. I've come to exact vengeance on behalf of Mr. Ren Puyang."

"Ye Qingyu?
The
[Ice Sword Killing God], Ye Qingyu?" Zhang Wuxin was shocked. He then began to shake his head and laugh coldly. "Impossible. Your power... Ye Qingyu can't possibly be this powerful. Hehe... Judging from your level of cultivation, you must be at the apex of the human martial arts community. You must be from
that
batch of people. Why are you trying to conceal your true identity by using the name of your junior?"

Even Zhou Yuexin, who was standing beside them, was in great shock.

This was because she had also heard of [Ice Sword Killing God] Ye Qingyu's name, and her image of this up-and-coming outstanding talent of the Human Race was that his power was definitely not as terrifying as her companion. On the other hand, the human martial arts expert had asked her to call him "Mr. Ye". Could he really be the [Ice Sword Killing God]?
"At least they are about the same age,"
she thought.

The young dragon maiden kept trying to figure out his true identity.

"That batch of people? What batch?" Ye Qingyu felt that there was hidden meaning in Zhang Wuxin's words and managed to pick out the part that did not sound right.

Zhang Wuxin had recovered his senses by now. He sneered and remained silent.

He knew that he had given himself away when he was shocked senseless earlier on.

"I don't have time to waste on you. Since you're unwilling to speak, I shall use a different method to make you talk," Ye Qingyu said. He summoned the [Blood Drinkering Sword Pill] and transformed it into a long sword before slashing it at the Dragon Human.

"Haha, you underestimate me too much," Zhang Wuxin roared. "Wei Wubing was a nobody. Do you think you can subdue me just because you managed to slay him? He's not even worthy of carrying my shoes... I didn't want to reveal my true form, as it would waste all the effort I've spent all these years in trying to transform my body. But now... you've forced my hand."

As soon as he finished speaking—

Countless rays of think black qi energy surged out of his body. The secret chamber looked as if it had suddenly turned into a glass container filled with ink, and Zhou Yuexin was shocked. She had caught a glimpse of Zhang Wuxin and noticed that his skin had peeled off as if it was made of thin paper, revealing a monster made up of connected bones. It leaped out of its husk...

A terrifying power pervaded the air of the chamber.

Zhou Yuexin immediately felt as though she was suffocating and her body was about to be torn apart.

"Disperse!"

Ye Qingyu's voice rang out at this moment.

It was as if his clear-sounding voice was a command, and the black clouds filling up the entire chamber dissipated like mist under sunlight.

"Clink!"

Sparks flew right in front of Zhou Yuexin's eyes.

She got a shock.

She was completely unaware that a sword of bone had come flying toward her, but a blood-red long sword had blocked the attack at the most critical moment. Sparks were created by the collision between the two swords.

Ye Qingyu was wielding the [Blood Drinker Sword].

The sword of bone was held in the bony hands of a creature. Its height and appearance were similar to that of a human skeleton, but it was definitely not human. Its joints and bone structure seemed to be connected in a bizarre fashion, and black flames were circling around it. A blackish-red fire was flickering in its eye sockets.

This was Zhang Wuxin's true form.

Zhou Yuexin felt that it was hard to describe the shock in her heart.

"Fool," Ye Qingyu remarked as he prepared to strike again after knocking Zhang Wuxin back with a blow of his sword.

"You..." Zhang Wuxin stammered. After exchanging a few blows with his opponent, he could sense that something was not quite right. He wanted to flee, but realized that there was no way he could break through the icy array surrounding the surface of the chamber. He had originally put much effort into designing the chamber to make sure it was secure enough to prevent anyone else from discovering his secret. Now, however, it had become a prison of his own making.

"Clink! Clink!"

Sparks flew, and the sword of bone was shattered.

Zhang Wuxin was slashed by his opponent's sword multiple times, and the skeletal structure of his body looked as though it was about to collapse.

"Who are you? You can't possibly be Ye Qingyu..." Zhang Wuxin roared. "He can't possibly be this powerful. We've set up measures to defend against all beings that possess such strength. You can't possibly have escaped from our scheme. You..."

Ye Qingyu was not bothered about this matter.

"Open!"

With a clear shout, the icy array surrounding the chamber began to glow brightly.

The chamber took up less than one thousand square meters mu of space, but somehow it expanded suddenly. In an instant, it had become vast and its perimeter now covered hundreds of thousands of meters. This was the essence of a space-time formation. Ye Qingyu had inherited a portion of the mantle of [Formation Emperor] LuosoLousu, and he had spent the past few years to comprehend and incorporate his skills. Now, he was already a top-ranked Formation Master of the universe, and he could create space-time formations in the blink of an eye.

"He's yours. This time, you have to remember more memories," Ye Qingyu said into the air.

A huge, white ferocious beast roared and appeared from the Void void in the next instant.

It was the Skeletal Wyrm of War.

"Thank you, master."

It roared with joy.

It had already been pleading with Ye Qingyu in private for a long while, in the hopes that it could devour Zhang Wuxin. This would be incredibly beneficial for its evolution, and after much thought, Ye Qingyu finally agreed to its request.

"Wei Wubing?" Zhang Wuxin asked. He could feel a familiar presence instantly when the creature appeared. "No, you're not Wei Wubing, you..." he said as he was shocked to discover otherwise.

The battle began.

The entire process lasted thirty 30 minutes.

Zhang Wuxin had been seriously wounded by Ye Qingyu after all, and the wyrm had become extremely powerful after absorbing Wei Wubing's memories and strength. Eventually, Zhang Wuxin was devoured by the Skeletal Wyrm of War, and his skeletal structure collapsed. The blackish-red flames in his eye sockets were instantly swallowed up by the wyrm.

"This is..." Zhou Yuexin looked extremely shocked.

This skeletal beast of war was incredibly terrifying, and the aura it gave off was like that of a vile demon from the abyss.

"Try to contain your aura. I'll give you fifteen 15 minutes to tell me what I want to know," Ye Qingyu said. Then he waited patiently.

Fifteen 15 minutes later—

"Master, this Dragon Human... He's the mastermind," the wyrm said respectfully.

Two red rays of light shot out from its pupils, and the holographic image of a martial arts expert from the Dragon Human Race appeared in the air. He wore a suit of battle armor that was purple and gold in color, and he carried a blood-red halberd on his back. He was huge and had an authoritative presence. There was a rare air of royalty about him.

"Hmm?"

Ye Qingyu's heart trembled.

"Is this figure the old Eemperor of the Dragon Human Race?

"This... How is this possible?

"How can a dead Dragon Human be the mastermind?

"Unless..."

Ye Qingyu's gaze fell on the wyrm.

The huge skeletal figure of the wyrm began to tremble and it knelt upon the floor. "Master, I wouldn't dare lie to you. It really is this person... This time, many memories that I absorbed from Zhang Wuxin are very clear," it said with its head lowered in deference.

Ye Qingyu frowned.

"Mastermind? What mastermind?" Zhou Yuexin, who had been listening in a corner of the room, also asked at this moment. "His Majesty, the Ancient Dragon Emperor, passed away tens of thousands of years ago... What are the both of you talking about?"

"What did you say?" Ye Qingyu immediately turned to her to ask. He had a feeling that he had made a mistake, and hurriedly added, "Do you know this dragon person?"

"Yes, he used to be the Dragon God of our people. He was the person behind the resurgence of the Dragon Human dynasty, and he defeated the vile demons that invaded the domain of our people tens of thousands of years ago. He was then crowned as the Ancient Dragon Emperor, but he died a long, long time ago. It's a thing of the ancient past now," Zhou Yuexin replied confidently.

"Are you certain?" Ye Qingyu realized that he had made a mistake. This holographic image was not that of the Ancient Emperor of the Dragon Human Race.

Zhou Yuexin nodded confidently,. "Of course I'm certain. I know that all of us look pretty much the same to other races, and that they can't recognize the small differences in our looks. This is especially true regarding the royals of our race. Due to the purity of their blood, they look even more alike, but we are definitely able to tell the difference. This is because the horns of each Dragon Human are unique."

Ye Qingyu believed her words.

That was because, after close examination, he could spot the difference between the horns of this Dragon Human before them and the Ancient Emperor. He had once seen the corpse of the Ancient Emperor earlier on.

But there was another problem now.

How could the Ancient Dragon Emperor, who had died thousands of years ago, be the mastermind behind the murder of Ren Puyang?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

