Chapter 861:


Chapter 878, No need to say anymore

On the other side, Qiao Qu pondered for a moment. Their plan was an escape, but they could also be said to be running away like stray dogs. If Ye Qingyu had not come today, they would have turned into corpses. Now that senior brother Jin Yu had died, what other plans would they have. Although she was a woman, she was incredibly attentive. She turned to Qin Hui and said, “Young Madam, since you have returned to Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, you must already have a complete plan in mind. We are willing to listen to your orders.”

“I have no plans, this time Lord Ye Qingyu is the leader of all operations in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain,” Qin Hui answered frankly and without any hesitation.

There was a bit of resoluteness in the young mother’s eyes.

Although she didn’t know what Ye Qingyu would do next, but from what she had seen and felt along the way, it had given her complete trust in the young man from Heaven Wasteland Domain. It could even be said to be reverence towards a very strong expert in the world of martial arts.

All eyes were then gathered on Ye Qingyu.

In fact, everybody had expected Qin Hui to say this. ‘The strongest becomes the King’ was a true saying.

Ye Qingyu smiled, “I also don’t have any plan yet, let's go to Yu Leaf City first. I heard that Zhang Ye and Qiao Qu have a deep understanding of the present Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. Why don't you come with me to Yu Leaf City, and the rest of the people will stay here until the matters in Yu Leaf City are resolved, then we will return.”

Everybody agreed to the arrangement.

Only Zhang Ye hesitated, “I am willing to listen to Lord Ye Qingyu's command, but... but the rest of the people here are short on food and water. The other brothers can hold on for some time, but, Madam Luo and the ordinary people, they...”

Zhang Ye's eyes were filled with concerns.

He knew that Ye Qingyu had already saved them and that he absolutely should not ask for more favours. However, he was a simple and honest person, and really could not stand to see the ordinary people starve to death here. Thus, he shamelessly spoke out.

Although Cheng Kui and the other disciples could rely on yuan qi to withstand for a few more days, but the ordinary people could not hold on any longer. Moreover, this place was far from Yu Leaf City, and if the other traitors came when they left, then the hundreds of people would be slaughtered like lambs.

“Oh, you do not have to worry about that, I already have arrangements,” Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

Soon after, the group of people walked out of the stone room.

In a flash, the gazes of all the people in the city of ruins were focused on Ye Qingyu, filled with awe, anticipation and reverence.

Ye Qingyu nodded lightly.

He already had an idea in mind on how to solve the problem of the survival of the huge group in Lifeng City.

With a thought.

There were faint sparkling snowflakes fluttering up from Ye Qingyu’s body, like spirits, multiplying to countless snowflakes within seconds. The snowy, silver light flowed like water ripples, like the first glimmer of dawn, and directly formed into a silver light barrier. In the blink of an eye it had already expanded to a radius of thousands of meters, and with a loud rumble, protected everybody within it.

The light barrier screen was faintly discernible, and the dense formation markings on it were like spirit fishes swimming around, emitting an extremely pure spiritual aura.

As the formation descended, the hundreds of ordinary people did not feel the slightest unusual movement, but those with martial background were shocked to find that there was a strange and terrifying power rapidly radiating in all directions.

The wind and sand were cut off, the air began to feel fresh and natural, and the temperature had gradually become soft and comfortable.

Such air and such a temperature had never been felt in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain for at least one hundred years.

In an instant, everyone felt incredibly comfortable, pleasantly surprised, and displayed a smile of incomparable joy and comfort.

Ye Qingyu smiled, drawing a line in the air with his finger.

This finger seemed to have split open a glacier.

A tremendous square wall of xuan ice that was nearly ten meters tall and around ten meters thick, had appeared out of nowhere.

The power of a Saint can create ice with one thought.

The power of laws surpassed the way of nature. With Ye Qingyu current understanding of the laws of Heaven and earth, let alone creating xuan ice in this dried up world, it was also possible for him to do so in a fire domain.

Zhang Ye and the rest were dumbfounded at the sight, as though they had seen a God, they almost knelt to the ground and kowtowed to Ye Qingyu.

“Even the former Patriarch may not be able to do this. The power of Lord Ye Qingyu really is terrifying. He is so young, how could he be so strong. Could it be that he looks young on the surface but is in fact already thousands of years old?”

Zhang Ye and the others couldn’t help thinking in their mind.

The giant ice block could solve the water problem of the hundreds of people, and Cheng Kui and the other experts could turn ice into water at any time to provide it to the ordinary people. It was enough to support them for dozens of days.

Finally, Ye Qingyu took out some food from the [Cloud Top Cauldron] that could quickly replenish strength and vitality and gave it to Zhang Ye, who distributed them among the ordinary people.

Such an arrangement was foolproof.

Zhang Ye and the others finally felt at ease.

After making some arrangements, Zhang Ye and Qiao Qu went over to thank Ye Qingyu and Qin Hui again, and then headed for Yu Leaf City with them.

The others only saw a flash of brilliance in front of them and Ye Qingyu and the others had already disappeared where they were.

……

Yu Leaf City.

In the air.

Ye Qingyu was looking down from the sky.

Known as one of the few giant cities in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain that had not deteriorated, Yu Leaf City was not at all inferior to the ruins city that Ye Qingyu had seen before in terms of size and area. However, the inside situation of Yu Leaf City was a little disappointing to Ye Qingyu.

Because the giant city, which had not fallen, could only be described with the words ‘not all had died’. In many streets and alleys there were corpses piled up, and the main street was as desolate as an abandoned city. There were very few people around and occasionally a few shops that were open. It was a completely deserted city.

This huge city, which was enough to accommodate tens of millions of people, revealed everything under Ye Qingyu’s powerful divine sense. There were less than one million people living in this city, and if this continued, Ye Qingyu was certain that in less than ten years, the giant city will fall into the same fate as the other ruined cities.

Zhang Ye and the others were standing next to Ye Qingyu, suspended in the Void by Ye Qingyu’s power, and seeing that Ye Qingyu seemed to be in deep thought, they also did not dare to say a word.

After a while.

“Let's go down.”

Ye Qingyu's voice sounded.

Before the several other people could respond, everything blurred in front of them, and when they looked again, they had already reached the ground.

“This is...” Zhang Ye was slightly surprised. Upon a careful look he found that he was situated on a straight and neat street that was at least twenty meters wide. On both sides of the street were numerous magnificent buildings, pavilions, and in front of them stood a huge mansion, majestic and cold. At each side of the door there were ten Ancient Sky Dragon Sect disciples, and behind them were two giant sky dragon statues that were as high as ten meters. It was as if they were real, emitting a glorious aura.

This was the City Lord's residence!

Zhang Ye was once one of the rulers of Yu Leaf City, and was incredibly familiar with its layout. In one glance he was able to tell that he was situated at the most central area of Yu Leaf City, the entrance to the City Lord’s residence.

At this moment, a clamour broke out.

“It's snowing...”

“Heavens, it's snowing, ahahaha, this is great, I'm not dreaming right?”

“Mother, Mother, come out, it's snow, look, it's really snowing? It's so cold, didn’t you say that after snow melts it becomes water, we now have water...”

Several figures appeared on the streets.

It was unknown when it had started to snow heavily in Yu Leaf City. In the blink of an eye, snowflakes were flurrying around like goose feathers. Everywhere had turned white, and the temperature had dropped to a cool and refreshing temperature.

For many of the civilians who were struggling between the line of life and death, it was simply a miracle that had fallen from Heaven. Although shocked by the fact that it was snowing in Yu Leaf City, many people could not care too much and only thought to snatch as much snow as possible. A patch of snow was a drop of water, which was as precious as gold in Yu Leaf City.

The entire Yu Leaf City was overjoyed.

Except, of course, a few people.

“Why did it snow?” The disciples standing at the door of the City Lord’s residence were shocked, and then he saw a group of people heading straight towards the entrance, led by a youngster in white, who they had never seen before. It was obvious that they were going to break into the residence.

“Stand still, you...” One of the bodyguard disciples had just opened his mouth and wanted to ask something.

Just then, a gust of wind blew.

The gust of icy wind brought over a flurry of snowflakes, and before the ten guard disciples could react they had frozen to the spot and had turned into ice sculptures.

Ye Qingyu went straight through the entrance of the City's Lord residence.

Zhang Ye and the others followed behind. Upon seeing this scene, and then looking at the snowflakes fluttering in the sky, they even more felt that Ye Qingyu's strength was unfathomable, and beyond what they could understand.

The City Lord’s residence was enormous and deep.

Ye Qingyu had already locked on where the core area was with his divine sense, and did not need Zhang Ye to remind him. He walked forward at a steady pace, snow and ice surrounding him. Along the way, as soon as there were traitor disciples of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect that appeared, they were turned into ice sculptures with different but distinctive expressions before they could utter a single word.

A blizzard separated the road of life and death.

This scene left Zhang Ye and the others dazzled. His remarkable powers seemed like it could control the Heaven and earth, and that his will was Heaven’s will. It was unknown where Young Madam Qin Hui had found such a powerful expert. The Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was incredibly lucky.

As they were in deep thought, the main hall of the City Lord’s residence was in front.

It was only at this moment that the experts of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect who were guarding the City Lord’s residence had realized that something was wrong. They seemed to be in a meeting, rushing out into the main hall one after another to see Ye Qingyu and the others walking in in the midst of snow and wind. They were headed by a fifty-year-old imposing-looking expert who was around the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm. His face changed as he lifted his hand to point at Ye Qingyu, and was about to ask...

Swoosh!

The wind blew again.

Snowflakes drifted with the wind.

The next moment, the dozens of experts as well as the guards at the entrance and along the way were instantly turned into ice sculptures without exception. They all had clear expressions and different looks and movements as they froze to the spot.

Ye Qingyu did not have time, and simply did not want to waste time talking to these people.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 862:


Chapter 879, Bring about wind and snow with one thought

A similar thing happened not just in the City Lord's residence.

The resisting disciples who were imprisoned were surprised to find that, following a gust of snow that flurried through, the vicious traitor disciples that were in charge of guarding the cell they were in had instantly turned into ice statues. They did not exude the slightest vitality, and the door of their cell had also collapsed into a pool of shattered ice with a loud rumble. The whole cell had become silent and there was no longer the slightest defensive force.

As for the hungry and shivering civilians on the street, they saw that the traitor disciples who were pretending to provide food to the citizens were also turned into ice statues after a gust of wind blew by. But the bizarre thing was that the large pot of porridge that was as thin as water was still emitting wisps of tempting heat...

On the execution ground, the long blade that the executioner raised high into the air could no longer fall down, because he, along with the ghost headed blade, had been turned into ice sculptures. As for the supervising officials who were put into an important position because of the slaughter of loyal disciples, before the look of shock had faded from their faces they were already turned into ice statues. The disciples who thought they were going to be executed and had their eyes closed for a good while finally opened their eyes to see that everything around them had become ice crystal sculptures, and snowflakes flurried past, cutting off their handcuffs...

The same thing was happening throughout Yu Leaf City. The evil traitor disciples, after a gust of wind and snow, had completely turned into ice sculptures, almost without exception....

The kindhearted resisting disciples were shocked and ecstatic to see such a bizarre scene, although they could not understand why such a thing would happen. Could it be that a heavenly punishment had befallen because the heavens could not stand to see those villains committing crimes?

In the City Lord's residence.

“The overall situation has been settled, the evil has been removed.” Ye Qingyu withdrew his divine senses.

Everything of Yu Leaf City was under his control. The snow continued to fall, and this heavy snow would provide the people of the city with water for at least three months. As for the problem of food.....Ye Qingyu could not take care of so many matters. After all, he was not a God, he could not solve everything. As for how they were going to survive in the future, it would have to rely on Zhang Ye and the others.

“Lord Ye Qingyu has amazing powers.” Zhang Ye marveled, this was from the bottom of his heart and was by no means flattery.

He saw that Ye Qingyu was able to kill the dozens of traitor elders in an instant without making a move. Zhang Ye and the others realized that the traitor elders were extremely difficult opponents in their eyes, but to Ye Qingyu, they were no different to ants.

“I will leave Yu Leaf City to you, since brother Zhang Ye was a hall master here, he naturally knows how to handle the rest of the matters. Madam Qin and I will head to Ancient Sky Dragon City and after we have resolved everything there I will return to Heaven Connect City.”

Ye Qingyu was shrouded in bright light when he finished.

The next moment, he, Luo Yi, Qin Hui and the other people had disappeared from the spot.

“This...” Zhang Ye reacted anxiously.

He did not know what had happened in other parts of Yu Leaf City, so he was still worried. Now that Ye Qingyu had left, there was no way he could suppress the other traitors with just the strength of Qiao Qu and him.

It was only when they walked out of the City Lord’s residence and went to the execution ground and prison, that they realized that something had really happened in Yu Leaf City. The shock in the two people's hearts had already reached an imaginable level.

A blizzard had appeared with one thought.

A city had been snatched with one thought.

He... really was a deity.

A true deity.

……

Ye Qingyu had mastered the power of the laws of the Saint realm and no longer practiced any more. He soared into the sky with Qin Hui and the others, arriving at Ancient Sky Dragon City at lightning fast speed.

He did not intend to stay in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain for too long in the beginning, nor did he take the revolt of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect seriously. All he wanted to do was resolve the matters here as soon as possible and return to Heaven Connect City.

Ye Qingyu was more concerned about the matters of the Unmoving City of Darkness that the Celestial Phoenix Maiden had mentioned before.

His next goal was the Ancient Sky Dragon City.

The ultimate problem would be solved there.

Once and for all.

Qin Hui was a little disappointed that Elder Cang Li was not in Yu Leaf City, but the relatives of the deceased in the station were all in Yu Leaf City and had been rescued. She was completely relieved when she heard this from Ye Qingyu.

She now had complete confidence and trust in Ye Qingyu.

Qin Hui gazed into the distance with a complex look. She was looking forward to arriving in Ancient Sky Dragon City, avenging her father and for the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect will return to how it was before. But there was a complex look in her eyes because even so, the fate of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was still irreversible, and it would eventually die. The Ancient Sky Dragon Sect would also not last for much longer. And without the support of an expert like Ye Qingyu, it would only be a matter of time before it was destroyed.

How can I make Lord Ye
Qingyu
stay in Ancient
Sky Dragon Domain
?

Qin Hui thought helplessly.

……

An hour later.

Ye Qingyu came to a stop in the Void.

They had arrived.

The Ancient Sky Dragon City was right in front of their eyes.

The Ancient Sky Dragon City, which symbolizes the supreme center of power in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, was majestic and towering, with city walls of a height of at least hundreds of meters and was built entirely of black rocks. It looked as though a black dragon was hovering over the vast desert, overlooking the boundless earth.

Although the remaining spiritual qi was close to nothing, the formation in the city was still very stable. Moreover, it seemed that the Origin crystals and rare materials of the entire Ancient Sky Dragon Domain had been gathered in this place.

As the oldest, the most majestic and largest city in the history of Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, it had begun to develop in the beginning stages of the birth of the domain, and had been continuously expanding and improving over the past millions of years. To this day, palaces, pavilions and various architectures of various periods could be found throughout the giant city. The city was incredibly rich in history, and could be said to be a microcosm of the development of the Human Race in the Great Thousand Domains.

Qin Hui had finally returned to Ancient Sky Dragon City, returned to the unfamiliar environment that was once her home. Qin Hui's expression grew a bit complicated, while Little Ning'er looked a bit timid, burying his head in his mother's arms.

After all, it was here that he saw with his own eyes the brutal acts of power seizing and killing when he was only three or four years old. His first reaction was naturally fear.

“Let's go.” Ye Qingyu did not make a stop and continued forward.

One step was hundreds of kilometers.

In an instant, they arrived at the gates of Ancient Sky Dragon City.

“Huh?”

There was a hint of surprise in Ye Qingyu's expression.

Ahead.

The hundreds-of-meter-high gate was reddish-brown, constructed from a jade-like material, emitting a weak luster, and was also inlaid with hundreds of bronze beads. It looked solemn and exquisite.

At the city gates, there were hundreds of Human Race experts standing ready in battle formation, waiting for the arrival of the enemy.

Because the spiritual qi in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain was sparse, once a martial artist had consumed their yuan qi, it would take a considerably long time and rare materials for it to recover. Thus, in order to maximize the preservation of yuan qi, experts would rarely fly with yuan qi other than in combat.

Ye Qingyu swept a glance over them. There were hundreds of experts of the Human Race, and the majority was of the Heaven Ascension realm, and a few who looked older were around the Immortal Step realm.

Only a white-bearded old man was standing at the front of the formation.

He had a golden cloud crown on his head, clad in a dark purple robe that was adorned with silver patterns, and had a nose shaped like an eagle's beak. His ash-grey beard was like a halberd, brows like broadsword, eyes bright and shining, and had a powerful and imposing aura. His strength was at the pinnacle of the Immortal Step realm, and there was a faint fiendish qi surging all over his body.

“The old man who is leading the group is Elder Cang Li who initiated the revolt,” Qin Hui whispered.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

It seemed that the other side had already known about their arrival and was waiting for them here. Logically speaking, given the speed at which news spread, it was absolutely impossible for it to arrive faster than them. Then how did these people know about their arrival? And they obviously had accurately calculated the time, and knew when they would come to Ancient Sky Dragon City and thus have been waiting here already.

This was a bit a strange.

Ye Qingyu smiled.

Opposite.

“I heard [Ice Sword Killing God] Lord Ye Qingyu had come to visit, please excuse the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect for not going out to welcome you, I hope Lord Ye Qingyu does not mind,” Elder Cang Li greeted him with a smile.

Such powerful and tremendous troops had been waiting in front of the gate, but there was not the slightest hostility in Elder Cang Li's words, instead it was friendly and welcoming as though he was delighted to have friends come from afar. Ye Qingyu was a little puzzled.

Ye Qingyu calmly nodded in response.

“Although I have never been out of Ancient Sky Dragon Domain for decades, I have heard about Lord Ye Qingyu's impressive achievements on the Road of Chaos. After seeing you today, you really are young and promising and have an extraordinary presence. You will certainly have a brilliant future.” Elder Cang Li's eyes flashed, and from the remark it sounded like he greatly admired Ye Qingyu.

As for Mother Qin Hui and her son behind Ye Qingyu, Elder Cang Li simply ignored them like he did not know them. Even the death of Elder Ming Jue and the affairs in Yu Leaf City seemed to have never happened.

Ye Qingyu had always treated such compliments like it was wind passing through his ears.

Seeing that Ye Qingyu did not respond, Elder Cang Li seemed to not mind, and maintained a smiling expression on his face. With the wave of his hand, he motioned everyone to retreat, before he said, “Lord Ye Qingyu, the Patriarch is in the main hall of Sky Dragon Mountain, looking forward to your arrival. He especially told us to wait here to show Lord Ye Qingyu into the city. Lord Ye Qingyu, please go ahead.”

With that, he led Ye Qingyu and the others into a carriage.

The carriage had a triangular gold ridge roof, mahogany frame, and gold fringe curtains. It looked beautiful and imposing, and from its style it seemed that back then the carriage was pulled by Sky Horses. However after the domain began to decline, Sky Horses also went extinct, and were replaced by the red treasure horse. Even so, it was still incredibly rare to see a horse-pulled carriage in Ancient Sky Dragon Domain, where materials were incredibly scarce.

Ye Qingyu stood in front of the carriage, a hint of puzzlement flashing across his mind-----



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 863:


Chapter 880, The Patriarch of Sky Dragon Sect



According to the information he knew, the revolt of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect was led by Elder Cang Li, Elder Ming Jue and other powerful elders. In particular, Elder Cang Li had a high status and position of power and authority. He was one of the strongest during Tian Huayu's era, and by all accounts, after the revolt, Elder Cang Li should have taken charge and become the new patriarch of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

But now it seemed that this was not the case.

The new patriarch was actually someone else.

Why would a new patriarch appear out of nowhere?

Given the ambition and shrewdness of Elder Cang Li, how would he be willingly to hand over the position of patriarch that was almost within reach to someone else?

Moreover, he had not heard any information about the new patriarch along the way. Even Qin Hui could not guess what his true identity was. He was extremely mysterious, like he had all of a sudden emerged from the cracks of a rock.

With this thought, Ye Qingyu could not help but look at Elder Cang Li again.

But there was no other clue on the face of this powerful figure.

Ye Qingyu no longer thought much about it.

Now that he had reached the Saint realm and that his strength had skyrocketed, he was able to apply many of the fighting techniques recorded in the bronze book [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. Thus there were countless hidden cards in his hand. He was very confident. If a mere Ancient Sky Dragon Domain could make him step back, then there was no need to talk about other things in the future.

Ye Qingyu agreed to go into the city.

But he did not choose to ride in the carriage with Mother Qin Hui and her son. He let the two enter the carriage, while he asked for a dragon horse and rode it into the city.

Although Mother Qin Hui and her son were in dire straits and that the elders could not recognize her, she was still the lady of the former Patriarch, and a young woman. If he was seen with her in the carriage it would certainly attract gossip and criticism.

The huge group of martial artists entered the Ancient Sky Dragon City.

Ye Qingyu was observing along the way.

He was very quickly a little disappointed.

Because although there were many different styles of palaces and buildings in the city, the spiritual qi and formations were very sparse. On the main street, there were only a few simple carriages moving along slowly, there was no signs of formation airships, and the majority of shops and restaurants on the streets had already closed down. The pedestrians furtively took a glance at the huge army of people, and then hurriedly passed by, most of them wore the same apathetic expression on their faces. The whole Ancient Sky Dragon City was incomparably bleak.

As the largest capital and center of the entire Sky Dragon Domain, the Ancient Sky Dragon City, compared to Yu Leaf City, was not as prosperous and lacked vitality. The atmosphere of desolation had spread all over the domain, decaying like rotten wood.

Ye Qingyu only glanced around for a while before he stopped paying attention to his surroundings.

About half an hour later.

Under the guidance of Elder Cang Li and his sibordinates, the group of people finally came to the vicinity of Sky Dragon Mountain.

Sky Dragon Mountain was the finally mountain gate of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

The towering summit pierced straight into the sky, like an inverted giant sword. The peak was steep, the cliffs precipitous and seemed to have been formed from large blades and axes.

On the summit of the mountain was the mountain gate of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

The terrain of the mountain gate, from afar, resembled a dragon soaring in the air. The terrain was strange, and contained the intent of a real dragon. It could be imagined what sort of spiritual place it was back in the heyday of the Ancient Sky Dragon Domain. It could be called the paradise of the domain, but now... the ‘Divine Dragon’ was dead.

Ye Qingyu gently shook his head, sighing.

The spiritual aura had completely gone, and now it was no different to an ordinary mountain.

This meant that in the future the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect would not be able to cultivate any outstanding people.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu began to understand why the Patriarch of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, Tian Huayu, wanted to enter the 18th district of the Black Demon Abyss even at the risk of his life——he had no other choice.

In the most central area of the mountain gate stood an imposing and grand temple building, surrounded with divine statues and pillars, as well as various different mythological animal statues sitting on the eaves of the road. The building looked majestic and solemn, and was the core temple hall of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

The group had reached the foot of Sky Dragon Mountain.

Elder Cang Li arranged for the other disciples and experts to stay where they were, while he and two core disciples continued to guide Ye Qingyu, Qin Hui, and the others up the mountain summit.

In a moment, the group had arrived at the summit of the Sky Dragon Mountain, the main meeting hall of Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

Upon a closer look at the temple hall, one could even more feel that the building had been through tens of thousands of years.

An elder in a reddish-brown armour and with a long white beard was waiting at the door of the main hall. He was full of spirit and majesty.

“Lord Ye Qingyu, please excuse me for not going out to meet you.” The bearded old man immediately came over to welcome Ye Qingyu upon seeing the carriage. His attitude was neither servile nor overbearing, though there was a bit of majesty.

Ye Qingyu cast a glance at the elder, nodding, and then motioned Luo Yi to help Mother Qin Hui and her son out the carriage. At the same time he leapt to the ground.

“This is the law enforcement elder of Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, Elder Wu Sheng,” Elder Cang Li introduced him to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu did not say anything.

He scanned the surroundings of the Divine Dragon Hall, and vaguely sensed the presence of a strange force in this area. It was barely detectable as it faintly circulated around but it was extremely bizarre.

It seems to be able to devour people's yuan qi...”

Ye Qingyu sensed something as he looked around.

What was the new patriarch trying to do? He had arranged for the order and law enforcement elders, who were second only to the patriarch of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect to welcome him, yet he still had not showed up. Could it be that he was hiding in ambush in the Divine Dragon Hall?

Ye Qingyu found it a little strange, but he still remained calm, and was not in the slightest afraid.

“I have long heard about Lord Ye Qingyu, and how you progressed through the Road of Chaos. You really are as graceful as they say and surpass many young talents. You really are a blessing to my Human Race. Patriarch is already waiting in the main hall, Lord Ye Qingyu, please go ahead.” Elder Wu Sheng enthusiastically invited Ye Qingyu and the others into the main hall.

Ye Qingyu followed.

“Lord Ye Qingyu, this... it may be a trap.” Qin Hui looked hesitant, a glint of worry flickering in her eyes.

Based on her understanding of the traitor elders, who always hid their true intentions behind friendly manners, she was afraid that there would be some sort of trap or ambush in the hall.

Ye Qingyu immediately understood her fears and reassured her with a smile, “Don't worry.”

Afterwards, they followed Elder Wu Sheng into the main hall of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

Just as he had stepped into the main hall, Ye Qingyu instantly felt a strange aura surging in the surroundings, like a dark wave. It was precisely that strange power he had sensed before, and it seemed to be coming from the depths of the ground. It was countless times stronger than it was before.

“Such strange power, and it seems to be able to disturb the yuan qi of a martial artists, as well as accelerate the loss of essence and qi... This is not the strength of a formation, nor the power of an expert... Hm, it's kind of interesting.”

Ye Qingyu had an idea.

His yuan qi instantly went as solid as a rock, and not a shred of it was affected by the strange power.

He continued along, glancing around.

There were forty-two giant pillars in the main hall, all lined up in a formation, and there were faint blood-coloured light emitted from each. The reddish-brown stone walls were engraved with totems of soaring sky dragons, exactly like the token that Ye Qingyu had obtained before.

Dozens of elders, clad in red dragon-pattern armour and with strength around the Immortal Step realm silently stood on both sides of the main hall. They did not say a single word nor did their expression change at all.

Ye Qingyu ran his eyes over the several elders in deep thought.

They continued along the passageway to the depths of the hall.

There was a huge divine dragon throne, which exuded a mysterious and strange flame-like radiance. The whole hall was lively and bright because of the brilliance of the throne, which flickered infinitely between brightness and darkness. Adding to this there was a mighty wave of power emerging. It was clear that the divine dragon throne was not an ordinary object. It was the first thing that Ye Qingyu saw since entering Ancient Sky Dragon Domain that contained the yuan qi and spiritual qi of Heaven and earth.

And within the flames of the throne was a human figure sitting tall.

This man was tall and slender, and wore a blazing mask. His whole person was engulfed by the flames of the throne, making it difficult to see his real face. He exuded a very mysterious aura, but that faint aura was incredibly powerful, stronger than that of Elder Cang Li, and seemed to be halfway into the Saint realm.

And at this moment he was leaning on the throne, sizing up Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was similarly studying the man.

This figure was evidently the new patriarch of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

Ye Qingyu found that the new patriarch, although he was wearing a mask, but based on his built and aura, he seemed to be a very young expert. Moreover his aura was deep and magnificent, like the rolling waves of an ocean. However, it was very different from that of Elder Cang Li and Elder Ming Jue or the other experts of the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect, which suggests that this person cultivated very different martial arts and was not from the Ancient Sky Dragon Sect.

What was going on?

Could the new Patriarch be an outsider?

Ye Qingyu was surprised.

He examined more carefully, and found another strange thing. The aura of the young expert was indeed very bizarre, completely unlike that of an ordinary martial artist, and vaguely seemed to be of an identical nature with the great hall or even the ground. The feeling he gave was as if a huge tree had connected into one with the ground.

Even experts of the Saint realm would not have an aura of the same origin as Heaven and earth.

Ye Qingyu was even more curious.

Besides a martial arts emperor, whose martial arts had reached the peak, only the legendary Tree Demon clan, whose roots can grow in the ground, could share the same origin as the earth.

But Ye Qingyu was certain that the young figure on the throne was not either of the two possibilities.

The Ancient Sky Dragon Sect elders, including Elder Cang Li and Wu Sheng, were all standing behind Ye Qingyu. Facing the new patriarch on the Divine Dragon throne they were all incredibly respectful, bowing their heads and dared not to look up or breathe loudly.

No, it was not only respect.

It was fear.

Why would they be afraid?

Ye Qingyu opened and closed his eyes, releasing a burst of light. His divine sense spread out, an invisible qi directly split the Void, and was about to strike the figure on the Divine Dragon throne.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 864:


Chapter 882 - Blown Off


"Audacious!"

The young new sect master abruptly stood up from the Divine Dragon Throne.

Following his movement, the throne's blazes swelled as if kerosene had been poured over them. As they shot several dozen meters into the air like a fiery torrent with a booming noise, a powerful energy burst out and proliferated, with the throne as its center.

Boom!

The two beams of energy collided.

In a twinkling, the air between the young sect master and Ye Qingyu began to churn like boiling water.

Deafening bouts of booming noises incessantly rang out in the boiling air. For a time, it seemed as if there was a giant dragon, which was born in the Chaotic Age and had traveled through time, raging and howling in the Divine Dragon Palace. In the distance, Elder Cang Li and his subordinates could not help but retreat hurriedly, their faces filled with awe.

Standing behind Ye Qingyu, only Qin Hui, her son, and Luo Yi were not attacked, albeit their faces also revealed shocked expressions.

"Ye Qingyu, how dare you be this impudent in the Divine Dragon Palace?"

As if containing a worldly might, the new sect master's voice came rushing out in bursts of sound waves.

Ye Qingyu smiled and said, "Impudent? You're but a dove in a magpie's nest, yet you dare to put on airs here. Who are you and why did you steal the Ancient Sky Dragon sect master's seat? The Ancient Sky Dragon Domain is already a lost cause. It baffles me that, given your strength, you'd want to seize a domain that is glorious no longer."

"You talk too much." the voice roared among the blazing flames.

It was a very strange tone which did not sound like it was uttered by a living being, but rather sounded like it was made by the trembling of innumerable rocks, replete with an indescribable kind of anger and murderous aura.

Giving a snort, Ye Qingyu's consciousness power suddenly burst out once more.

Boom!

The boiling air ahead seemed to abruptly evaporate, while the terrifying energy reversed course and was suppressed. A visible burst of air swept at an extremely vicious momentum toward the young sect master on the Divine Dragon Throne, apparently intent on pulverizing him together with the throne.

"Ye Qingyu, it was only because I recognize you as a talent that I didn't take action against you for killing Ming Jue and destroying Yu Leaf City. I treated you courteously and invited you here all so to give you a chance to do me a service, but who knew you would be this audacious and reckless. Do you really think that I won't bear to kill you?" The young sect master's voice sounded throughout the palace like the thunderous roars of the Ninth Heaven.

As if affected by them, the Void began to shake and crack.

At the same time, the young sect master straightened his palm into a sword and swept it outward.

The Void was immediately splintered into two.

Ye Qingyu's offensive brushed across his body but did not cause him any damage.

"You want to kill me?" Ye Qingyu guffawed, "A deceitful fraud like you, really?"

With that, two beams of purple lightning shot forth from his eyes.

The [Eyes of the Void].

This was a Fiendgod skill recorded in the [Fiendgod Titled Chart]. Although Ye Qingyu had executed it before, he had not yet attained the Saint realm at that time and thus could not utilize its capability to the fullest, which was said to be able to see through all illusions. Now that he had attained Saint realm cultivation, the radiance and momentum of his execution were not as terrifying as the first time  its might had increased by several times. With his eye beams fixed and his qi locked on to the new sect master, there was absolutely no way for the latter to evade.

"You..."

The new sect master bellowed repeatedly.

He had been extremely confident when he made up his mind to lead Ye Qingyu to the Divine Dragon Palace, where he would speak a few words and utilize a few measures to bring Ye Qingyu under his control and to his service. He certainly did not expect that Ye Qingyu would strike out before he had revealed his hand, giving him no opportunity to employ the rhetoric he had prepared.

"You're courting your own death... Ahhh!"

As the sect master bellowed, a ball of slurry orange flames spurted from his wide-open mouth.

Boom!

The eye beams collided with the ball of light with a loud boom.

During this moment, terrifying energy waves burst out layer by layer and diffused in all directions. Dragon-shaped formation beams began to flicker on the walls and structures all around the Divine Dragon Palace, which was able to withstand these kinds of attacks because it continued to have enough energy to keep the Palace-Protecting Formation running. However, Cang Li and his henchmen were all unable to remain standing any longer. Amid cries of alarm, they were sent flying by the onrushing waves. The other dozen or so elders in red-hot armor were no different, losing their balance and being flung heavily against the walls of the palace...

"Haha, you must be dreaming if you think you can seize a Human Race sect with your meager ability!"

Ye Qingyu laughed out loud.

As he continued to channel the [Eyes of the Void], purple-colored lightning beams shot out from his eyes like divine arrows. Possessing the awe of a deity, they completely broke apart the slurry light beam that spurted from the sect master's mouth. At the same time as they sundered the Divine Dragon Throne, they struck heavily on the sect master, sending him flying together with the throne.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

