Chapter 921:


Chapter 938 - In a Precarious Situation


Hu Bugui's hair and bushy beard were as untidy as unkempt grass—he had not changed at all. His body was covered with blood splatters and his clothes were tattered, torn, and covered with patches. However, his punches fell like lightning and contained the force of the universe. His fist radiance exploded like a divine radiance that could swallow the Void whole. The experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect who surrounded him were not even able to block one punch from him.

His strength had surged tremendously compared to a few years ago, and a faint grey and golden defensive glow shrouded his figure. He looked completely fearless. And as the yuan qi on both his fists skyrocketed, two balls of dazzling golden light surged like fiery flames toward and collided against the mysterious terrifying black mist one after another.

"Dusk."

A strange force suddenly exploded.

Instantaneously, dusk seemed to fall upon the area that surrounded this bandit chief. The dusk qi rolled like waves and caused the surging black mist to slow down. Astonishingly, the black mist was then unable to get within ten meters of this man.

An intense battle was being fought up in the sky, two thousand meters to their west.

There was a handsome man dressed in a blue brocade robe with a beautiful purple jade flashing blindingly from his forehead. He held a long sword in his hand that looked like it was formed from the spring wind. His sword power constantly danced and tore through the Void, and he moved so quickly that an average martial artist was unable to catch up to him.

This was the young master of the Immortal God Emperor Sect, Nan Tieyi.

Rays of green sword light exploded from the tip of his sword and they were so powerful that they swept past like mighty waves and even caused faint cracks to appear along the surrounding Void.

He was up against an elder from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. Although his title was that of an elder, he looked like he was about their master's age. He was handsome, probably in his twenties, and a trace of creepy demonic aura danced in his eyes.

"The Immortal God Emperor Sect is already almost doomed and are like a pack of cornered dogs. As their young master, how dare you come all the way here to meddle in the business of others? You're completely overestimating yourself. I really pity those idiots who remain so loyal to you!" The Heaven Desire Demon Sect elder's stance was extremely arrogant and knocked back the piercing sword qi that charged at him with his powerful yuan qi.

"The heavenly will is to uphold justice regardless of race or sect. The Immortal God Emperor Sect will not let go of anyone who fraternizes with traitors and commits vile acts within the Clear River Domain!" Nan Tieyi said fiercely and his aura soared to its highest point.

Those two people transformed into two balls of light, one green and one black, and those two balls of light collided against each other at maximum speed. Rays of sword qi spread quickly like ripples of water and mournful ghostly wails howled constantly. It was hard to tell who had the upper hand at that moment.

At the same time, the battle was even fiercer in the northern part of the Void.

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect along with three elders from the sect were up against the experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

The disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect were known to be famous beauties throughout the entire Clear River Domain. The master and these three elders were all strikingly beautiful. They were courted by hundreds and thousands of young, handsome men from the Clear River Domain in their youths, but now their lives were in peril. The laws of the universe were cruel and harsh. Being an unparalleled beauty did not mean that they would be protected by everyone.

They were the most powerful experts from the Hundred Spirits Sect and splendors of different colors flashed from their bodies. Their skirts fluttered in the wind and their swords moved fluidly and sparkled like glass. Dazzling splendor shot from their hands and rose with the wind. Sword radiance exploded like a hundred flowers and the sound of the swords resounded everywhere. Powerful rays of an invisible force charged at those experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

However, they were still vulnerable.

They had been battling for many hours, and as the experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect continued to release an endless stream of black mist that was completely unstoppable and obstructed their attacks, the elders and master from the Hundred Spirits Sect found that their efforts alone were not enough to stop the onslaught of attacks. After another thirty minutes of continuous attacks passed, they found that they were unable to completely unleash their yuan qi or recover from their injuries. Their faces were all deathly pale and large patches of their skirts were covered in blood. They looked a little disheveled and their strength waned.

In contrast, those experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect were aided by their own men and they seemed to derive joy from this slow and torturous process of death by depleting the women's' yuan qi. Once this mysterious black mist came into contact with the women's yuan qi, it would even release fragmented lewd moaning sounds.

On a nearby cliff—

There was a monk clad in white cassock robes who wore a bamboo hat on his head. His eyes were as deep as the ocean and his yuan qi was rich and abundant. His expression was calm and unruffled but there was an almost imperceptible trace of sorrow and gravity. Golden rays of yuan qi surged out from behind him and the rays of light kept changing to finally form a large phantom image of a Buddhist mantra. This mantra seemed to have a natural resistance against the evil and demonic qi released by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. Its Buddha's light lit up half the sky and kept the boundless demonic qi at bay as it reinforced the Hundred Spirits Sect's defensive formation, which was on the verge of collapsing.

This was the monk from the Storm Platform who had left the secular world because of love and who had attained enlightenment—Jue Chen.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The battle was extremely fierce and intense.

At this moment, all sorts of yuan qi power scattered powerfully in all directions and collided against each other violently. Consciousness power raged and its might was like powerful stormy waves rolling everywhere. The piercing clang of swords and blades which clashed against each other were like roaring tigers and dragons in a tempest.

Down below—

At the heart of the defensive mountain formation, a giant formation shield, which was as shiny as glass and was shaped like a large sky-dome, protected the remaining hundreds of disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

Senior sister Shen Menghua and her junior sister Liu Ruxin led their sisters to stand on the empty land in front of the main temple. Most of them were seriously injured and their bodies were drenched in blood. As they stared nervously at the battles being fought in the Void, they felt as though their hearts were about to jump out of their throats.

Everyone was absolutely certain that the defensive mountain formation would not be able to last much longer under the continued erosion of the ghostly mist released by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. Therefore, the battles of the few top-level experts in the sky would ultimately determine the fate of the Hundred Spirits Sect. If they were to be defeated, the consequences would be disastrous.

"Ah… My sisters, I've got to go first."

Suddenly, an anguished roar echoed in the sky.

In the northern part of the Void—

A Hundred Spirits Sect elder dressed in jade-green long skirts was completely shrouded by the black mist. Her long sword seemed to have been corroded by some mysterious force, which caused it to lose all of its spiritual power. Her yuan qi cultivation was completely suppressed, and as the black mist continued to attack, she finally lost all combat strength. In order to avoid being tortured by the vile and lecherous disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, this elder summoned up her final bit of strength to self-destruct and her blood rain filled the sky.

"Elder Cheng!"

Liu Ruxin wailed sorrowfully from within the defensive formation. Tears welled up in her eyes and soon afterward, her beautiful face was drenched in tears.

The other disciples from the Hundred Spirits Sect all supported and comforted each other, their faces all filled with grief and sorrow.

Senior sister Shen Mengyue was the only person whose eyes flashed with rage and hatred. Her entire body shook in anger and her jaw was clenched tightly.

The Hundred Spirits Sect was battling to the death, but there was nothing they could do to help.

Those who were protected by the defensive formation were disciples of the younger generation. Shen Menghua was the strongest among them, but she was only in the early Heavenly Ascension realm. They were not strong enough to resist the black mist, so once they walked out of the defensive formation, they would be immediately killed by it.

Up in the air, the intense battles continued.

In the northern part of the Void—

The golden Buddhist mantras behind Jue Chen wrapped themselves around him, and no matter how violently the black mist howled, it was unable to approach him. He held his prayer beads in his hand and continued to meditate on the mantras. Each and every prayer bead gradually expanded and transformed into a huge round ball of light. This huge ball of light then charged powerfully toward the experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

The experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, whose bodies surged with evil blood black qi, were unable to break past his defense at this moment and were even forced to retreat because of the force from his prayer beads. They looked like they were on the verge of defeat.

Then, something strange happened.

A blood-colored light arrow flew in Jue Chen's direction.

This blood-colored light moved as swiftly as an arrow and carved the Void in half as though it was made of butter. The newly formed cracks in the Void brimmed with evil blood qi and it was a long while before they dissipated.

It moved so quickly that no one was able to react fast enough.

All everyone could see was a sudden explosion as the blood-colored light clashed against Jue Chen's golden light behind him. Instantly, the glow from the explosion lit up half the sky with a dazzling light. Those who were present were not able to look directly at the light at all.

In the light explosion, patches of blood slowly bloomed on Jue Chen's white robes.

These patches of blood then joined together to form a large pool of blood.

In the next instant—

The blood-colored light gathered to form an arrow again that shot toward the eastern side of the Void, like a sparrow returning to its nest. Then, it transformed into a Blood Lotus Jade and returned to rest on the forehead of the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

Hu Bugui immediately exploded in rage when he noticed what had happened and he bellowed, "Goddammit, you effeminate bastard. You are a sect master, how could you be so shameless as to launch a sneak attack on someone?"

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Before he had even finished speaking, a series of dusk flames shot out as he punched out powerfully and mightily.

"Cackle, cackle. You're just a smelly donkey. How dare you pit yourself against us? You should have died a long time ago. That monk had the great fortune to die by my Demonic Blood Lotus Jade and he should treat it as a blessing that he earned from his good deeds in his past life. In fact, he should be grateful to me for sending him to meet his Buddha." The beautiful master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect cackled evilly as his eyes flashed with arrogance.

At the same time, in the sky above the half cliff—

The evil blood qi had scattered but the golden splendor gradually grew dimmer. The faint golden light radiance slowly floated in the air like golden sand and transformed into the shape of a giant futon that gently supported Jue Chen's frail body.

Jue Chen sat cross-legged and his hands tapped out a Buddhist formation. His white robes were dyed red with his blood but there was no trace of pain or despair on his face.

"A cool breeze rises in the forest, the moonlight is as cold as silver, it is tragically difficult to meet again but since we met again..." Jue Chen's expression was calm and unruffled, without happiness or sorrow. His gaze was like water as he looked toward a specific direction in the sky and his voice turned gentle and hopeful as he said softly, "Lin Yueping, I know that you can't forget your sisters in the Hundred Spirits Sect. I came today hoping that I would be able to help but realized that I'm not strong enough. Will you blame me for my failure today? The road to hell is cold and I don't know how far along you are now, but just wait a while longer for I'll be joining you soon enough…"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 922:


Chapter 939 – What Kind of Power Was This?


As soon as he spoke, he rose to his feet and turned into a stream of flowing light that charged toward the group of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect disciples.

Bam!

There was a loud booming sound.

A dazzling golden glow lit up the sky.

The ground trembled and the mountains collapsed.

Jue Chen's figure immediately exploded and the force of his self-destruction was as destructive as heavenly thunder. The explosion radiated wildly outward and ripped through the surrounding areas, causing the clouds to roll and surge within a hundred-kilometer radius. Those experts of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect who were caught unawares were instantly killed by the blast and their bones sailed through the sky like rain.

"Ah!"

"No!"

"Dammit!"

A series of wails and cries could be heard from the apocalyptic light mass.

Several experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect who had not managed to escape in time were caught in the blast of Jue Chen's residual yuan qi, which destroyed both their bodies and spirits.

The bloody mist fell like rain and mingled with the golden light mist. It sparkled and glittered, then slowly fell to the ground.

Everyone in Hundred Flowers Valley was stunned by the strange scene of the demonic and Buddhist lights mingling together.

Jue Chen had self-destructed…

Nan Tieyi reacted in the first instant and, in a departure from his usually calm demeanor, he let out a howl of rage.

Jue Chen was born with a strong Buddhist foundation and had been enlightened for a hundred years. He was highly revered and respected within the Clear River Domain, but no one had heard from him in the past two or three years, as though he had disappeared without a trace. Many people assumed that he was above the matters of the world and would not interfere with worldly affairs after Lin Yueping's death. But to their surprise, he showed up at the Hundred Spirits Sect to aid them in their battle against the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. Although he was injured by the sneak attack earlier, Jue Chen was definitely strong enough to escape with his life. No one had expected him to launch a final attack in the form of his own self-destruction. Furthermore, he had looked so calm and gentle just moments before he had self-destructed.

Was he trapped by love?

Or did he yearn for it?

Nan Tieyi suddenly grew emotional.

He did not have time to think too deeply on this matter because two sets of screams rang out from the northern corner of the Void once more.

"Ah… Ah…"

The concentration of the remaining two elders from the Hundred Spirits Sect had lapsed momentarily because of Jue Chen's death, and the new batch of attacking experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect seized this chance to close in. Then, they were enveloped in quick succession by the never-ending black mist that came at them like hundreds and thousands of tentacles. Neither of them was willing to be captured and tortured by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, so they both followed Jue Chen's example and chose to self-destruct. As the force from the blasts radiated everywhere, their yuan qi dissipated and their bodies exploded to turn into bloody rain and white mist.

"Junior Sister Xu! Junior Sister Xie!"

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect yelled out sorrowfully from the Void.

All three elders of the Hundred Spirits Sect who died in this battle had been good friends of hers. They were inducted into the Hundred Spirits Sect at the same time and all of them were extremely close. Their friendship had lasted for centuries, so when she witnessed these three elders tragically dying before her eyes, the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect was extremely heartbroken. Her face was deathly pale, her hair was disheveled, and her entire body was stained with blood. Her aura was already thrown into disorder while her yuan qi waves had been extremely weak for some time, and the long sword in her hand let out mournful hisses.

"Hehehe, I shall let you live until you witness for yourself how we treat ourselves to the bitches who you brought up!"

A peculiar voice that dripped with taunting mockery rang out.

This voice belonged to the Heaven Desire Demon Sect expert who had been battling Jue Chen earlier.

His clothes were stained with big, bright patches of red and some of his wounds were so deep that his bones could be seen. It was clear from his serious injuries that he had barely managed to escape from the blast created by Jue Chen's self-destruction but had then been injured by the aftershocks.

Swish!

Another black-red colored blood light brimming with a frightening demon and evil qi came charging at the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect.

"Oh no!"

Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui cried out anxiously and tried to rush over to her rescue but they were unable to break free from the continued attacks from the master and elders of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect

Boom!

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect hastily parried the blow with her long sword but the power of the evil blood light was far too powerful. Her long sword instantly shattered to become powder, and she was thrown back from the force of the blow. She was seriously injured and a large mouthful of blood spurted out from her mouth.

Without the support of her yuan qi, she plummeted helplessly to the ground like a broken kite.

"Master!" Shen Menghua cried out from within the defensive shield.

The other disciples could not help themselves and ran in the direction where she had fallen, but they could not leave the defensive formation nor could they reach out to help their injured master.

At the same time, Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui were both injured because of their momentary lapses in concentration. After they killed a few more experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, their yuan qi was severely depleted and it started to wane. They gradually found it harder to block the onslaught of attacks. Soon afterward, their bodies were covered in open wounds, where blood flowed freely out of.

On the ground—

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect used her broken sword to support herself as she struggled to sit up.

Blood flowed from her nose and mouth and she trembled slightly, a sign that her energy was almost completely exhausted.

She looked up at Na Tieyi and Hu Bugui in the sky and saw that they were still fighting on to the best of their abilities in spite of the wounds that covered their bodies. Due to the rate they were battling, she knew it meant that both of them had already exhausted all the strength in their bodies and were now relying on their foundations to continue the fight. They were almost at the end of their ropes.

Despair and sorrow filled her eyes and she let out a soft sigh. She summoned up all her energy to shout, "Young Master Nan Tieyi, Master Hu Bugui, please leave… The fate of the Hundred Spirits Sect has been sealed and there is no need to continue fighting for us. You must survive for the sake of the bigger picture."

"Given the perilous situation the Hundred Spirits Sect is in, how could we abandon you at a time like this?" Nan Tieyi said firmly, his gaze resolute. He did not retreat but his sword light moved like lightning and gathered toward the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

"Haha, he's right. I've had a great time fighting today and I will not leave until my dying breath!" Hu Bugui said as he continued to punch out fiercely.

"Hehe, do you really think you will still be able to escape? No one from Hundred Flowers Valley will be able to leave today!" The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect's eyes gleamed bloodthirsty manner and he smiled menacingly as he glanced at the female disciples within the defensive formation. "Disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, listen to my command. The time has come for us to attack. Send out our troops of thousands and attack in large numbers and all these girls with the exception of that bitch with that green jade constitution shall be yours!"

"Hahaha. Our master is finally done playing. It's now time for us to display our true prowess!"

"There are so many 'vessels' for us to play with, it'll be enough to last us two whole weeks!"

"Little Hundred Spirits, we're coming!"

Tens of thousands of experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect immediately launched their attack from within the inky, black light mass.

The wisps of black mist grew denser and gathered toward that giant black skull and that black skull smashed viciously against the remaining ten layers of the defensive formation with a strength that was at least a hundred times more powerful than before.

Boom!

The resulting crash was ear-deafening and the mountains within a thousand-kilometer radius were all smashed to pieces.

A five-colored formation light flickered from the final layer of the defensive mountain formation before it broke apart and turned into green smoke, disappearing into the Void.

"Hahaha… All you bitches should graciously accept your fate!"

The disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect quickly took their places and activated a formation to seal all escape routes. Both men and women pounced toward the female disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect with lust and desire clear in their eyes.

The disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect looked as though they would be ruined by these evil monsters at any moment.

The sect was on the verge of collapsing.

A cruel, tragic, and miserable atmosphere hung in the air.

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect, who was completely soaked in blood and whose breath was already very weak, closed her eyes in despair.

After all the effort they had put in over the past hundred years, their sect was still about to be annihilated. Her heart was filled with resentment.
Why are these evil jackals and scum of the earth able to rule over this world? Why do good people always end up dying such tragic deaths? The Hundred Spirits Sect is made up of a group of women who tend to the garden and only want to quietly make their living in this world, but why do they face so many trials and tribulations and why can't the heavens protect them?

I refuse to be resigned to this cruel and heartless world!

The master of the Hundred Spirits Sect was spitting with rage.

The endless demon qi was about to swallow the entire Hundred Flowers Valley and bring darkness upon this place.

Suddenly, things changed.

Thunder suddenly rumbled across the sky so strongly that it seemed as though heaven and earth would split apart. It was so loud that it could be heard throughout a radius of hundreds of kilometers, and it even affected the waves of evil black mist. A mysterious force suddenly appeared, causing both heaven and earth to tremble wildly.

A voice rang out from the heavens.

"The heavens will not stand for evil monsters… [Divine Emperor Sword], kill!"

The voice echoed everywhere and it even overpowered the rumble of thunder from before. It carried a formidable authority and a strong killing intent. It rang out loudly, as clear as a bell, and astonished everyone at the scene.

Before he finished speaking—

A ray of divine radiance whistled through the air.

A faint, dazzling, silver divine radiance flew through the air like a comet. It was powerful and terrifying, like a fiery sword that could cut ice. Instantly, it tore the heavens apart and split the vast sky in two, as though it had the power to split this entire world open. It was absolutely unstoppable and moved with a force that seemed otherworldly. As it streaked through the sky, the Void was torn to shreds everywhere it passed. It moved at the speed of light and even the experts present were unable to lock in on its exact location.

"That is…"

"What was that?"

At that moment, everyone froze in astonishment.

Swish!

There was a soft sound and the divine radiance hit its target. Thousands of Heaven Desire Demon Sect disciples who were caught unawares were instantly turned into ashes and dust at the slightest brush of this divine radiance, then they disappeared into the Void. This included many experts who were at the advanced Immortal Step realm, who still died in the exact same manner as the other average disciples. They could not even manage to utter a scream before they died.

My god?

What kind of power was that?

Who could that be?

Everyone in Hundred Flowers Valley was completely shocked.

The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was even more dumbfounded.

"Who are you? How dare you kill the disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect?" he yelled, and a sense of uneasiness crept up on him. He frantically exerted his demonic skills and his aura immediately skyrocketed. Killing intent welled up like violent waves and the incredibly dense black mist all around him in the Void transformed into the shape of a person. Then, this person-shaped mist stood quietly in the Void exuding a mysterious and strong killing intent.

Meanwhile, at the Hundred Spirits Sect—

"What's going on?"

"Such power… doesn't seem human. Who could it be?"

"Could it be the relief troops? But that seems unlikely…"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 923:


Chapter 940 – We Are Already Allies of the Greater One Sect


Exclamations of surprise could be heard throughout the area.

Even Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi in the Void were extremely shocked. They were both confused and hopeful because the person who sent out the divine radiance seemed tremendously powerful and righteous. It did not look like the demonic arts that were cultivated by the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. Could this person be coming to their rescue?

But still, they were uncertain.

Hu Bugui and Nan Tieyi both sensed the terrifying power contained within the divine radiance that had streaked past earlier. It contained a force that was so powerful that it could topple ancient divine mountains and it instinctively instilled fear and respect into them, as though a peerless fiendgod was about to descend upon the earth. However, to the best of their knowledge, no one throughout the entire Clear River Domain was this powerful. Nan Tieyi thought for a moment, then concluded that not even the master of the Immortal God Emperor Sect was this powerful.

Since when did such a powerful expert exist in the Clear River Domain?

"I spared you guys four years ago and didn't annihilate your sect. However, you refused to change your evil ways and even brought great evil upon the Clear River Domain. I shall spare no one today," the voice rang out once more. It seemed to be a thousand kilometers away earlier, but now it resounded from the outer fringes of the battlefield, which showed how unbelievably quickly this person was moving.

Before they could react, a figure moved like a flowing stream of light in the Void, far away from the cracks in the Void, and instantly left a ghostly afterimage in his wake that was thousands of meters long. He moved so quickly that no one could see his figure or face clearly. Even top experts, such as the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect and Hu Bugui, were unable to lock in on his exact location.

They could vaguely make out the figure lifting his hand slightly.

Swish!

Yet another ray of divine radiance was sent shooting out at the speed of lightning.

Large swathes of the Void were smashed into pieces and explosions rocked the sky like thunder.

This ray of divine radiance moved as fast as lightning and hurtled toward the elder from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, who was battling with Hu Bugui.

"Oh no… [Ten Thousand Soul Vessels], [Infinite Demon Slash]… block this!" The elder reacted as though the grim reaper had called out his name and he was so terrified that all his hair stood on end. He hastily exerted his yuan qi to its maximum power and brought out dozens of defensive treasures and life weapons as he tried to block that ray of divine radiance.

Unfortunately, the grim reaper had already decreed his death.

No one would have been able to stop it.

Hiss!

A strange sound could be heard, like a hot knife slashing through water.

The divine radiance smashed against that elder's treasures but it showed no signs of stopping. In an instant, those treasures that exuded powerful demon qi were easily slashed in half by that divine radiance, giving the false impression that those treasures were so fragile that they seemed to be made of paper or clay.

However, everyone knew that this elder from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was extremely powerful since he was already a half-step to the Saint realm. How else could he have lasted so long battling Hu Bugui? Nonetheless, this expert was still easily slashed into pieces as though he was a harmless animal… Exactly how damn powerful could this newcomer be?

No one could help themselves from shuddering in fear.

Thereafter, the entire battlefield seemed to be paused in a mysterious state of stillness. Even the wild experts from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect did not dare to continue charging toward those disciples from the Hundred Spirits Sect. Everyone from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect sensed that something was amiss and felt as though death was beginning to envelop them.

After that ray of divine radiance killed the elder from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect as easily as a hot knife cutting through butter, it did not lose any of its momentum but darted out and slashed a large hole in the Void several hundred meters behind. Then, a formidable force radiated outward and the clouds in the Void suddenly reacted as though they had reached a boiling point, tossing and turning before they shattered, creating holes in the sky from the explosions. The Chaos force was unmistakable.

It looked as though a god was about to descend to earth.

At almost the same time—

Hiss!

Something ripped through the air.

The flickering figure, who moved like a flowing stream of light, slightly raised his hands once more.

A third ray of divine radiance was sent hurtling through the air.

This time, the divine radiance headed toward the three elders of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect who surrounded Nan Tieyi.

The amazing and mysterious divine radiance was like a ray of sword qi as it whistled through the air, brimming with earth-shattering energy, as though it had the power to shatter this part of Heaven and earth. All who witnessed its power were left completely awestruck and those three elders from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect did not even have the time to escape before they ended up sharing the same fate as the elder before them. The divine radiance gently brushed past these three elders, then they shattered as though they were made of sand. They transformed into fine dust and green smoke that filled the air!

In an instant, those from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect who had surrounded Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui were completely crushed.

"This is a good opportunity!"

Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui were overjoyed and quickly made use of this chance to escape, their figures flashing as they retreated back to where the disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect were.

Both sides finally faced each other in a complete stalemate.

...

"Who could this person be?"

Nan Tieyi and Hu Bugui exchanged glances when they returned to the ground and saw the astonishment in each other's faces.

They could clearly sense the piercing terrifying power contained within the divine radiance.

Those three rays of divine radiance had all been extremely formidable. It was difficult to tell what that divine radiance was—it could have been fist radiance or sword will.

There were not that many famous experts known for their fist techniques or sword will. Furthermore, the number of people who were extremely formidable was even fewer. It was difficult to find someone who could match Hu Bugui's punches throughout the entire Clear River Domain, but it was obvious that this person's strength far surpassed them.

The disciples of the Hundred Spirits Sect within the formation were all frightened and bewildered.

The figure might have sent out three consecutive punches to kill those from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect but no one knew who this person was or what his motive could be.

Several disciples helped the master of the Hundred Spirits Sect up, and her eyes flashed with surprise.

She had been filled with despair earlier at the thought that the Hundred Spirits Sect was on the verge of being annihilated. Then, this person had appeared unexpectedly at the critical point to turn the tide. Although she was unable at the moment to determine what his motive could be, it was clear that he was extremely powerful and that no one present on this battlefield was his match at all. It could even be said that this person was the most powerful person that the Clear River Domain had seen in a thousand years. If he was truly here to help the Hundred Spirits Sect, he would most definitely be able to crush the entire Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

Shen Menghua, Liu Ruxin, and the others clearly shared the same opinion. A glimmer of hope filled their hearts and looks of excitement appeared on their faces.

At this point in time, the figure continued to dart around as fast as lightning, so no one was able to pin down his exact location nor see his features.

At the same time, in the Void—

"Retreat and form the Heaven Desire Fiendgod Destroyer Formation!" the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect yelled out a command. Soon, all the disciples gathered to form a black mist formation that was linked to the heavens, as though it had stirred up the legendary black sea. Then, their beautiful master took his place right at the front of this black mist light mass. He bellowed angrily with his eyes spitting fire and his long hair fluttering wildly, "This matter is the affair of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, so who exactly are you and how dare you try to stop me?"

Boom!

A fourth ray of divine radiance shot out in response.

This divine radiance was as strong as a dragon and moved like a spark of flowing light, both threatening and dazzling. It carried with it an invincible force that was many hundreds of times stronger than the terrifying divine radiances from before.

The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was livid when he saw that the person had attacked instead of responding to his question.

"How dare you…" he screamed in rage as he activated his demonic arts and his yuan qi soared to its maximum point. A light mass that was as black as ink and dozens of meters tall exuded black evil qi that rolled like the sea as it materialized behind him with a piercing and frightening growl that shook the heavens. This inky, black light mass transformed into the shape of a skull that was as large as a mountain, then it charged at the divine radiance.

Bam!

The golden and black radiances collided with a bang and the collision was so great that the earth split apart and the mountains collapsed.

Inky black mist rolled everywhere, then it disappeared in a flash at an incredibly mystifying speed.

The black skull looked as though it managed to block the hurtling fist radiance, but in the next moment, it was shredded to pieces. Formidable power and killing intent roared like stormy waves as it hurtled toward the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

Bam!

There was another loud explosion.

The black mist that shrouded and protected the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect immediately shattered. He yelled as he was thrown back a few hundred meters and he had to use all his yuan qi to finally steady himself. His face was as white as a sheet and blood flowed freely down from his slender white fingertips.

He was injured!

He was injured after just one blow.

Countless gasps could be heard all around.

All the elders and disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect were completely struck with fear and they all suddenly looked terrified, as though they had been plunged into bitterly cold ice. These people had always thought that their master's strength was fathomless—he always seemed to be like a god to them. Yet, he was not even able to take one blow from this mysterious newcomer. This showed that the newcomer had to be so powerful that it far surpassed their understanding.

This person… was just too terrifying.

Blood qi surged and rolled over the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

His yuan qi was close to going ballistic and his eyes were bloodshot. He looked with rage and surprise at the blurry figure who was a flickering stream of light, then he said after some thought, "Sir, we have already formed an alliance with the Greater One Sect. If you leave quietly now, I will not pursue this matter first. I hope that you won't make the wrong decision!"

The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect already knew at this point that he was no match for this mysterious newcomer even if he were to summon up the full strength of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. If he continued to battle, they would all be as good as dead.

However, there was no need for them to flee just yet.

After all, the Greater One Sect had the support of a mysterious super force from the foreign domains and they were powerful enough to rule over the Clear River Domain. They were extremely influential and since the Heaven Desire Demon Sect were their allies, they would naturally fall under the Greater One Sect's protection. This mysterious expert might be extremely powerful, but he was just one person, so he would definitely be wary of getting on the wrong side of a ruling force such as the Greater One Sect.

He revealed his strongest trump card with those words.

But this also meant that he was admitting defeat to this mysterious newcomer.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 924:


Chapter 941 – A Vaguely Familiar White Mythical Beast


On the ground—

Everyone within the defensive shield wore a complicated and anxious expression.

The Greater One Sect's current power and combat strength were unparalleled throughout the Clear River Domain, and it was only because of their implicit support that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect's attack on the Hundred Spirits Sect had gone so smoothly. Those words by the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect were a warning, calculated to instill wariness into this mysterious newcomer, allowing him to retreat on his own accord. Everyone knew that whoever got on the wrong side of the Greater One Sect in the Clear River Domain would be doomed.

Would this mysterious expert leave out of fear of offending the Greater One Sect?

They were not sure, nor did they dare to hope.

Soon afterward, the answer became clear.

A voice rang out from the Void.

"Hahaha… the Greater One Sect? Now that you mention it, I must say that I've been planning to visit the Greater One Sect to avenge the deaths of my friends. Since you have allied yourselves with such an evil sect, I'll collect some interest first." The person laughed powerfully and his laughter contained a strong heavenly authority, as though he was a fiendgod who had descended to earth, brimming with a righteousness that shocked everyone.

As soon as he spoke, another ray of divine radiance appeared.

This time, most people could vaguely discern that the blurry figure was indeed punching out with his fists. His hands were curled into fists and when he punched out, a ray of divine radiance exploded from his fists. This fist radiance was like a divine radiance because it was so dazzling that it was like a Immortal dragon surging from the Ninth Heaven, releasing a roar so deafening that it sounded like an enraged dragon.

Swish!

The divine fist radiance tore the Void apart as it hurtled past.

All the black mist within this place was shattered and the clouds rolled furiously as though everything within this Heaven and earth was about to be destroyed by this dazzling golden radiance. It charged toward everyone from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect, full of power and brimming with killing intent.

"You… are going too far. Do you really think that I won't be able to take you down? You are far too arrogant… [Demon Blood Lotus Jade], block this!" The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect yelled loudly and brought out his life weapon—the [Demon Blood Lotus Jade].

This was the mysteriously beautiful blood jade that was on his forehead. As blood-colored formations flickered and unfurled, it suddenly transformed completely into a gigantic blood lotus and the lotus formation bloomed open as though it was cut by the Chaos of the universe. This blood lotus protected the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect behind it.

The blood light expanded and mournful ghostly howls raged angrily from within the [Demon Blood Lotus Jade], as though countless vengeful spirits were trapped within, struggling and twisting to escape.

The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect had obtained this [Demon Blood Lotus Jade] from a foreign domain by chance, and over the past few hundred years, he had continued to refine it by using the first drop of blood essence from women with great physical attributes. This small piece of [Demon Blood Lotus Jade] had already absorbed the hatred and vengefulness of tens of thousands of weak women, so the evil blood qi it contained was extremely full of yin energy.

Boom!

There was a resounding crash that echoed like thunder from the Ninth Heaven.

The rich and dazzling divine fist radiance collided forcefully against the evil yin blood light.

The resulting blast could be felt throughout the universe and even the mountains and rocks several hundred meters away were sent flying like tattered cloth or fluttering willows.

The dazzling glow of the divine radiance carried with it an authoritative power that seemed to be from the gods, as though the heavens had joined forces with the earth to produce heavenly thunder and ground fires. When it collided against the [Demon Blood Lotus Jade], it only paused for the smallest beat, then that blood-colored lotus shattered into pieces, as if it was made of clay.

The blood-colored shards hung motionless in midair like ice crystals, as though they were held in place by some mysterious force. Then, it turned into a bloody mist that was tens of thousands of meters tall before it disappeared into nothingness.

The divine radiance fist force charged on powerfully, without losing any momentum.

Mouthfuls of blood spurted out from the mouth of the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect after his life weapon was destroyed, as though he had been struck by thunder. He did not have the time to do anything, nor did he have the chance to flee from the hurtling fist force before half his body was smashed to pieces. He looked like a character from a drawing who had half his body erased—it was a strange sight to behold. He was sent flying from the fist force with blood drenching his entire body, as though he had been hauled up from a bloody river, and he could not stop trembling.

At that moment, the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was extremely frightened.

He finally understood that the punches from this mysterious person were not something that he could handle.

To make matters worse, that fourth ray of divine radiance fist force continued to charge onward powerfully. It hurtled several thousand meters across the sky and moved as fast as lightning to sweep toward the disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect who were behind their master. It shredded the final black mist skull defensive formation to pieces. Those hundreds of Heaven Desire Demon Sect disciples did not even have the chance to flee before they were torn apart by the radiance like vanishing shadows. These disciples became green smoke, which dissipated in the air.

The appearance of this mysterious stranger had caused the tide to turn completely in the Hundred Spirits Sect's favor.

Several dozen elders and experts from Heaven Desire Demon Sect who had been fortunate enough to survive the attack were all critically injured, while the remaining thousands of disciples were so frightened that they had lost all their will to fight.

In a matter of four punches, the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was completely defeated.

It was a disastrous defeat.

The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect gathered his blood qi once again and barely managed to reconstruct the missing half of his body. He was completely dumbfounded.

He never expected such a formidable person to exist in this world. He felt the grim reaper drawing closer and a chill shot up from his spine all the way up to the heavens. He was completely frightened out of his wits.

God!

He was like a War God.

The power he wielded was far too terrifying. This was not something those from the mortal realm could handle.

When did the Hundred Spirits Sect come to know such a terrifying character?

If he had known that the Hundred Spirits Sect had such a powerful ally, he would have never led his sect to attack the Hundred Spirits Sect. Not only that, but he would have made sure that the Heaven Desire Demon Sect stayed far away from the Greater One Sect and went into hiding. Making an enemy out of this terrifying person would be equivalent to handing an invitation to the grim reaper.

He saw that the remaining disciples were scared out of their wits and the master himself had also lost all confidence in battling.

"Retreat… let's go!" he yelped in fright like a homeless dog, then turned into a ray of lightning and tried to flee.

However—

"Go? Since you are already here, you might as well leave your lives behind."

That authoritative voice rang out from the Void once more.

The figure, who was a flickering stream of light, transformed into a bolt of blinding silver lightning with a thunderous force. It moved later than him but arrived faster, taking only a span of one breath to catch up to the fleeing master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

There was a flash of silver light.

A ray of sword light appeared from that figure's hand, with which he held down the head of the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. As he turned his hand over, sword light flashed as he gently sliced down in one strike.

Killing intent exploded.

Blood light burst forth.

The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was immediately beheaded and his head was in the hands of that mysterious person.

Despite the fact that he had thousands of divine artifacts, heaven-defying demonic skills, countless life-saving methods, and had the ability to transform into thousands of clones, the moment that palm held him down, the master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect became like a chick that was held by its neck. He did not have any room to struggle before the sword light came flashing. It did not just slice off his head, but also his spirit.

His physical and spiritual forms were both destroyed.

Blood arrows gushed like fountains from the headless body that then plummeted down from the sky.

The master of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect was dead!

On the ground—

Nan Tieyi, Hu Bugui, and those from the Hundred Spirits Sect were utterly shocked and astonished and they all froze as though they had been fossilized. No one could utter a single word as they stared up in the Void with a mixture of fear, respect, and disbelief.

When the remaining disciples of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect saw what had happened, some of them were so frightened that they immediately fainted, plummeting to the ground, while the elders and experts were all scared out of their wits. They crawled and rolled in midair, even drawing on their life forces to flee as fast as they could.

That fiendgod-like figure in the Void raised the head of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect's master up high and did not pursue those people.

His gaze swept past them like divine swords and he did not seem to have any interest in chasing after those defeated troops. He did not chase after these fleeing disciples, nor did he make any move to attack. Instead, he grabbed the white creature on his shoulder and flung it in the direction of the fleeing disciples.

"I'll leave the rest to you," the figure said.

After it was thrown out, this round white creature panicked and struggled in midair. Then, it suddenly transformed into a blinding white light.

At that moment, no one could see what exactly had been flung out.

Could it be a magical item?

Then—

"Woof! Woof! Woof!"

A series of clear but silly barks suddenly could be heard from this tragic battlefield.

The barking sounds first sounded annoyed but soon turned into joyous barks. At the tail end of these silly barks that echoed all around, they could vaguely sense a powerful force that could pierce the heavens.

In the next instant, this white light, which was like an electric divine snake, flickered quickly as it rapidly expanded in midair to form a gigantic white beast that was thousands of meters tall.

This gigantic beast towered like the ancient divine mountains and its fangs were like giant axes and steel sabers. Its eyes glittered like bright suns and its four limbs were like heavenly pillars. It was covered in white fur that fluttered in the wind, each strand extremely clean, giving off rays of purple lightning. It looked extremely mysterious and even exuded an ancient and powerful cruel qi from within its body.

Since when did such a gigantic mythical creature exist in the Clear River Domain?

Everyone within the defensive formation was both shocked and confused. At that moment, no one could tell what kind of mythical creature it was but they did not dare to rashly leave their final layer of protection and so continued to observe the situation.

Fortunately, that gigantic creature did not seem to take any interest in them. It opened its mouth to swallow the remaining bits of the Heaven Desire Demon Sect master's body. Then, it looked around and happily chased after the fleeing troops from the Heaven Desire Demon Sect. In spite of its gigantic size—or to be exact, it was rather plump and chubby and even moved awkwardly and slowly in the Void—it managed to cover a distance of a few thousand meters with each step it took. It turned out to be surprisingly agile and moved like a divine leopard hunting its prey and was so powerful that the heavens shook. It even seemed to activate the power of laws and caused countless heavenly bursts of thunder to roll across the sky, the earth to tremble, and the mountains to quake.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

