Chapter 1125:


Chapter 1140 - Negotiation


The elderly man continued to mutter strange terms that Ye Qingyu had never heard before.

Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that this elderly man was behaving a little too maniacally.

His earlier impression of that elderly man immediately started to change.

This elderly man behaved like an elderly child and his endless muttering was at complete odds with the ancient Immortal vibe he gave off when he had first appeared. This was especially so when it came to the aura he initially exuded and now Ye Qingyu thought that his aura seemed to have plummeted from the skies. After he screamed for a while, he seemed to have completely forgotten about the destruction of the civilization on Earth, as though that had nothing to do with him.

Ye Qingyu was more inclined to think that this elderly man's behavior was a little odd.

He might not actually be a supreme expert from Earth but rather a... hmm, how should he put it, a hologram or a mental image.

Ye Qingyu was a little doubtful.

"Sir, I don't fully understand what you are saying. Could you let me know if you are the last survivor from the civilization on Earth?" he asked.

"Ah? Survivor? I guess you could put it that way..." the elderly man continued to rub at his chin as he continued, "When I was first created, I guess my creators hoped that I would become a spark of the Earth's civilization and preserve the knowledge of the Star Empire? However... the situation now is a little odd... I remember that I scattered several seeds many years ago... Let me see, it has already been a great many years since, probably a few million years, so these seeds should have evolved into new Human civilizations... But now you're telling me... why is that so? This doesn't fall with the calculations from my core optical computer..."

Then, he continued to act like a man possessed and muttered a string of nonsensical words.

Ye Qingyu couldn't make much sense of what he was saying.

"There must have been an accident. There must be some things that even a black-hole-level optical computer will not be able to predict..." the elderly man muttered as a fascinated expression crossed his face. "I guess optical computers can't calculate everything after all. In reality, the world is far too complex... Oh yes, kid, what did you say... those people were again?"

Ye Qingyu thought for a moment before he said, "Black-haired Dark Ones."

"Oh oh, yes, yes, yes, the black-haired Dark Ones you mentioned, are they seen as slaves in this world?" the elderly man asked with some disbelief and looked a little doubtful.

"Yes. They are frail and weak, and their civilization is underdeveloped, so they can't defend themselves when faced with a formation martial artist," Ye Qingyu said frankly.

"How strange, I saw a black-haired Dark One, as you called them, around a hundred years ago... I let him take several weapons away from the ark and this man had been very clever, so after he figured out how to use the powerful weapons, wouldn't that have ignited the advancement of their civilization?" the elderly man said incredulously, looking like a kid who had lost a bet.

A hundred years ago?

Ye Qingyu immediately thought of Li Qing's grandfather.

This validated his theory that the ark had brought Li Qing's grandfather to this place and it hadn't been down to luck at all. He deduced even more information from the elderly man's words and wondered if by 'scattering the seeds', was the elderly man trying to say that he had created the black-haired Dark Ones on Earth Province?

This information was a little astonishing.

According to legend, even Martial Emperors did not have the ability to create intellectual lifeforms.

If this elderly man had indeed created the black-haired Dark Ones, it must mean that he was incredibly powerful. Did this elderly man have abilities that surpassed even Martial Emperors?

"Since you had received a visitor before, why aren't you familiar with the situation outside? Did the visitor not mention all these to you?" Ye Qingyu asked.

"Uh, I probably didn't think that the situation was so bad outside, so I had only evaluated various physical aspects of that man and after confirming that there hadn't been any mutations in their evolution, I did not bother to ask anything else. After all, that man had already taken many weapons that belonged to the civilization on Earth, so this would cause their civilization to advance. It would have also resulted in the unequal development of the world and skew the normal rate of development..." the elderly man said sheepishly. He also realized that he had been too careless the previous time and made some missteps that had exceeded his expectations.

Ye Qingyu felt like this elderly man reminded him of Old Fish. Did all those who lived for countless years behave in the same manner?

"I guess I'll need to know more about this world," the elderly man looked at Ye Qingyu and said, "Kid, I'll have to peer into your memories. You won't mind, right?"

Ye Qingyu immediately rejected his proposal and said, "This is impossible."

"Ha ha ha, now that you're in my ark, I'm afraid that this is beyond your control," the elderly man said proudly and looked triumphantly at Ye Qingyu as though he was an animal that had walked into his trap. He was full of confidence and laughed very craftily, taking pleasure in Ye Qingyu's predicament.

"Why don't you try then?" Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

He wanted to see how powerful the most powerful person on Earth was as well.

"Ha ha ha ha, don't regret this..." the elderly man laughed very arrogantly.

Then, there were some changes in the control center.

Rumble! Rumble!

There was a series of strange sounds.

The rumbling sounds stopped fifteen minutes later.

"What's going on?" the elderly man exclaimed exasperatedly, "What kind of freak are you? A demon? A ghost? It doesn't make sense. How could a human like you be so powerful? Was our Operation Soar a success? But you aren't wearing the machine armor..."

Ye Qingyu smiled but did not respond.

The elderly man had employed several techniques earlier and summoned many strange weapons that were all terrifyingly powerful. These weapons were all very powerful and were comparable to a blow from a Quasi-emperor but they couldn't harm him at all. Instead, Ye Qingyu had destroyed many of his weapons and left the elderly man staring at him in astonishment.

"Is this truly what the eleventh era of the sun looks like? Humans have given up on technological advancements but instead, have refined their own bodies to further develop their own individual strengths? Uh..." the elderly man quickly figured out what had happened and disbelief was written all over his face as he said, "How could this be. This was something that the civilization on Earth had given up on back in the days and this was aborted during the era of the Star Empire..."

A while later.

The elderly man was absolutely certain that he couldn't do anything to Ye Qingyu.

"Now I know why I could only get a partial reading on your physical stats and this must be why your stats were so odd and incredibly powerful. Ha ha ha, this is very interesting. I can't believe that the civilization of this era has evolved to such a state. I really want to extract your DNA for testing. I'm just too curious..." the elderly man looked at Ye Qingyu like how the martial artists of the Vast Thousand Domains greedily eyed Emperor weapons, and his eyes burned brightly as he continued, "You are the perfect test subject, the perfect specimen..."

His excitement quickly waned because he realized that he could not control his test subject at all.

"Kid, let's make a deal," the elderly man's eyes twinkled and he smiled craftily as though he was a wolf holding out a carrot to a rabbit.

Ye Qingyu smiled and his eyes narrowed as he replied, "Sure."

"Let's discuss the terms of our deal."

“”Sure. Tell me, who exactly are you? Are you an invincible expert who lived on Earth?"

"Ah? What? Invincible expert? Me? Uh... I'm only a universal-level optical computer that has evolved to form a consciousness of my own.. Oh, right, you don't know what an optical computer is... Forget it, you could form your own understanding of it. There are no limits to my power, and I'm as powerful as the 'gods' that you mentioned."

"I want to know more about what the civilization on Earth was like and how it was destroyed..." Ye Qingyu said and went straight to the point.

"Sure, no problem. I have several neutron hard disks with me and the information you wish to find is recorded in these disks. Ha ha, I'll also give you a reader so that you'd be able to browse through these hard disks whenever you like. It will be like watching a movie... Oh, I don't think you know what a movie is... I want to know what the world today looks like, in particular, this formation martial way that you have mentioned. Even better, why don't you give me a drop of your blood or a strand of your hair? Then, I'll be able to carry out further investigations..."

They started to discuss their terms like two businessmen.

This was completely different from what he had imagined the underground civilization of Earth to be like. He had thought that he would be having a serious discussion that would span across civilizations but now... he couldn't help but be reminded of his first meeting with Old Fish at the Underground Moonlight Immortal Palace of Clear River Domain.

His approach might be different, but he managed to obtain the information he had been after.

Li Qing had been waiting patiently outside the white metal door.

Time slowly ticked by.

Every two hours that passed felt as long as several centuries to Li Qing.

He was tempted to give up waiting here and continue exploring the other parts of the ship, but he ultimately stopped himself from doing so because Ye Qingyu had explicitly told him to remain. There was a strange but authoritative voice in his head that repeatedly reminded him to obey Lord Ye Qingyu's words and that he couldn't go against Lord Ye Qingyu's instructions.

He reined in his curiosity and waited outside the door.

One day passed.

Then, one night passed.

Soon, two days and nights had passed.

In a blink of an eye, two weeks had flown by.

Li Qing waited until he could no longer bear his hunger, then he went to retrieve some food and water from the storage cabins and returned to wait outside the door.

Twenty days later.

A milky-white light twinkled suddenly at the doorway just as Li Qing was nodding off and he looked up in excitement. Ye Qingyu emerged from the door with a flash of silver light. He had emerged in the exact same manner as he had entered.

"My Lord, are... you alright?" Li Qing immediately went to greet him.

Ye Qingyu nodded and he still looked astonished and deep in thought, as though he had yet to fully recover after hearing some kind of amazing secret inside.

Li Qing tried to tamp down his excitement as he looked at Ye Qingyu but he couldn't help himself as he blurted out, "My Lord, what's behind that door? Did you come across the true treasury of this divine palace?"

Ye Qingyu was pulled out of his reverie and he looked at Li Qing as he said, "Yes, I did see the treasury of this divine palace and the treasures that were stored in there were absolutely incredible and completely overturned all that I've known so far. The ancient civilization's power and prosperity were indeed astounding..."

"My Lord, what kind of treasures did you see? Could... could you let me know?" Li Qing could no longer rein in his curiosity.

Ye Qingyu looked at him with a smile and said, "I won't tell what it is. If you really want to know, go on in and take a look for yourself. In any case, everything here will be completely beyond your imagination."

"But, I..." Li Qing said a little dejectedly.

He couldn't go through that door.

"Why don't you give it another try?" Ye Qingyu said with a smile.

Li Qing was a little doubtful when he tried going through the door once more, the white metal door no longer blocked him from entering and he could easily pass through it to enter the corridor.

"Uh..." He was extremely astounded.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1126:


Chapter 1141 - A Marvelous World


"From this day on, you'll be able to move freely around this ship, since I have struck an agreement with [The Beginning], a spirit that controls this ship. I've also appointed you to be my representative and you may retrieve unending support and resources from this divine palace," Ye Qingyu said as he stroked the white metal door. He was still in shock when he recalled the agreement he had struck with the elderly man known as [The Beginning] and the information he had obtained.

"Really? Ah, I must be dreaming. This is fantastic news..." Li Qing was so excited that tears were brimming in his eyes.

Ye Qingyu's words were like music to his ears since it had been his grandfather's greatest dream to return to this divine palace and now, not only had he fulfilled his grandfather's wish, he even gained full access to this divine palace and obtained the treasures within it. If he could draw on the power of the past civilization on Earth, he would be able to invent many things that could change the lowly status and living conditions of his fellow men.

Ye Qingyu looked at this intelligent black-haired Dark One and said, "Of course it is true. However, you should know what you ought to be doing with the power and weapons within this ship... do you understand me?"

According to the language that this ancient civilization had used, Li Qing and his grandfather would be considered 'scientists', since the power that this ancient civilization ran on was known as 'science', so those who mastered this power were known as 'scientists'. Science was akin to the laws of the universe of the formation martial way. The job scope and techniques used by 'scientists' were very similar to what the alchemists did in the formation martial world. However, the power and knowledge that these 'scientists' possessed were far more profound and abundant as compared to the alchemists of the formation martial world.

He had spent the past few days watching the tremendous amount of information contained within the neutron hard disks that [The Beginning] had given him. Although he had yet to completely understand the civilization on Earth, he had already formed a general idea of what it was like.

He was astounded by what he had seen, especially with regards to the height of development on Earth. It showed him that there was another way besides the formation martial way and civilization had once controlled the destinies of countless other intellectual lifeforms.

He was shocked and astounded, but this didn't mean that he would stop what he was doing to attempt employing the methods used on Earth's civilization.

The greatest benefit he reaped was that this had been a true eye-opener. He had once either had a vague idea of what the world was like or assumed that it was monotonous and unchanging, but now...

Ye Qingyu would test his theories out.

He wanted to see if the world would turn out as the civilization on Earth had turned out to be after it was destroyed and reborn.

Li Qing thought for a moment before saying, "My Lord, I only want to increase the status of my fellow men and improve their living conditions, so I will make use of the technologies and weapons here to make sure that my fellow men have food and clothes. I will definitely not instigate or make use of them to overthrow the Guardians' government, nor would I use them to stir up trouble and controversy."

Ye Qingyu nodded and said with a smile, "You're half correct. You shouldn't create troubles nor stir up unrest, but as for the Guardians' government, it wouldn't be so bad to overthrow them if they are wicked..."

"Ah?" Li Qing's jaw dropped.

Ye Qingyu's expression turned grave as he said seriously, "Did you think that I'd definitely take their side just because I'm from the Guardians' camp? You're wrong. The Guardians are people but so are the Alien Dark Ones and even Sinners are considered people. Remember my words, everyone is equal to me."

Li Qing looked contemplative, but there were still traces of doubt in his eyes.

"Forget it, you wouldn't understand even if I explained further," Ye Qingyu said with a shake of his head. Based on what he saw happening on Earth, most of the highly intelligent 'scientists' tended to have very little awareness about the ways of the world and lacked basic general knowledge. Li Qing was probably like one of those 'scientists'.

Ye Qingyu looked at him and said, "[The Beginning] who resides within this divine palace will tell you what to do next. All you need is to follow his instructions. From this day on, if you obey his commands, you'll be able to fulfil your dreams and this would not conflict with the plans I have in mind."

"I will," Li Qing said, feeling more reassured.

This meant that he didn't need to spend time thinking about anything else and could wholly focus on deciphering the hidden secrets of the Earth's civilization.

Ye Qingyu had already gone through his plans with [The Beginning], so he did not need to worry about that.

"Go on in. [The Beginning] will let you know the plan," he said.

"Many thanks," Li Qing said. He reined in his excitement and bowed at Ye Qingyu. Then, he turned and ran toward the corridor behind the white metal door. He had only taken a few steps when a ray of milky white splendor flickered and enveloped his body, then whisked him away.

Ye Qingyu chuckled and he was in good spirits.

"It is time to leave. I don't need to worry about this place since the ark has been fully activated. It is full of energy after absorbing and accumulating geothermal energy for millions of years and besides, it is one of the sparks left behind by a top civilization, so its resources are beyond imagination. With a universal-level optical computer like [The Beginning] keeping an eye on things, even if a Martial Emperor appeared, he would not be able to completely annihilate everything...

In other words, the Luoshen Ridge could become one of his base camps.

It wouldn't take long before significant qualitative changes would happen in the unknown Central City that was located by the fringes. The power of technology would burst from this unknown land and would evolve into a new and terrifying power. It would probably be too late to stop the rise of Luoshen Ridge by the time the various forces of the Dark Realm took note of this power.

"I didn't expect that the elderly man was not a living creature, but something that had been created, without any combat power at all. No wonder I couldn't sense any energy waves nor detect signs of life on him."

He walked along the corridor he had come from and headed to the exit of this ark.

At the same time.

The elderly man looked thrilled as he danced for joy around the control center of the ark.

"The test results are finally out. Ha ha, I knew it. This kid is indeed from the Human species and there's no difference between him and humans that walked the ancient civilization on Earth. The amazing data points are probably a result of the formation martial way that he is cultivating. This is truly astounding. I didn't expect the development strategy that was rejected by the Federation to gain such traction in the eleventh era of the sun, and for it to have developed to this stage. That kid said he was at the Quasi-emperor realm; his combat strength is comparable to a nebula-level warship..."

[The Beginning] exclaimed in amazement.

"He he, if this is the case, then the kid known as Ye Qingyu would be the true owner of this ark from now on. Hahaha, it can't be helped since he was the first human who passed the evaluation tests of the Gate of Good Fortune. He he, the revival of the Earth's civilization would rest on his shoulders in the future... Sigh, it is such a pity that I'm merely an optical computer and that I'm programmed to select a master," the elderly man muttered to himself as he keyed in the test results into the command system of the ark.

He fiddled around with the system and carefully placed a drop of Ye Qingyu's blood and a strand of his hair into the heart of the ark.

"Verification complete," a cold mechanical voice sounded.

Significant changes took place throughout the entire ark.

This monstrous weapon of war that had been buried underground for millions of years had now been completely reactivated. Many system processes that were in hibernation mode for the past millions of years, and several parts that had never been operated silently started to move. The motionless robots and cyborgs that were in the hibernation chamber were all awakened from their slumber.

It only took slightly longer than ten minutes for the robot army that numbered at least ten thousand to be reactivated.

"He he, this day has finally come... Let me change into a new body before I formally start.." [The Beginning] mused thoughtfully.

Then, he issued a sequence of commands.

Soon, a milky white splendor flickered.

A superalloy body appeared in front of [The Beginning] in liquid form and this body met the standards of what was considered a perfect body in the Earth's civilization. It was an exceedingly handsome black-haired young man, with features so striking that it almost seemed too good to be true.

"Hehe, this is the ultimate machine armor that has been kept hidden for millions of years and just as I thought, it is perfect. Haha, this armor is finally mine. Hahaha, the love for beauty is part of human nature. I want to become younger and I'm sure the kid will be stunned when he sees me next time," [The Beginning] said as he beamed brightly.

Then, he turned into a wisp of white data torrent and surged into the superalloy body. The eyes of the machine armor glowed blood red before reverting to normal.

The machine armor slowly stretched its arms.

"Hmm, it really feels great having a body like this," [The Beginning] said.

It only took a few moments to get used to the body before the syncing was complete.

This was when the extremely excited Li Qing was teleported to the central command center.

Northern Wall Village.

The place had completely changed by the time he returned to the crypt.

Over a hundred electric slaves had disappeared and the underground generators had all been destroyed while the wires were all cut. As he walked out of the crypt toward the exit, he saw that many places had been sealed off. This place seemed to have been sealed off for at least two weeks since the ground was full of dust.

"What's going on?"

Ye Qingyu was a little surprised.

It had only been twenty days since he disappeared, so how did things change so quickly?

He went to Li Qing's secret chamber.

Thankfully, the secret chamber that contained many weapons of the Earth's civilization had not been discovered, but this place was completely empty. He didn't see a single electric slave anywhere and because the electricity had stopped running, it was extremely hot and stuffy inside the secret chamber; it felt like a giant oven. There was some dust on the ground which meant that it had been a while since someone last placed a foot inside.

As he walked around, he discovered that the electric systems of the crypt were all destroyed.

What happened here?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1127:


Chapter 1142 - Sitting on a Goldmine Without Realizing It


Ye Qingyu returned to surface and looked for the village chief of Northern Wall Village.

"Ah, my lord, you've. returned? That's great news," the village chief was surprised to see Ye Qingyu and said hesitantly, "I was so worried when you disappeared for more than twenty days after entering the crypt. These damn electric slaves seriously deserved death for creating such a big mess. Don't worry, I've already locked all these cursed people up and they will be publicly executed this afternoon."

Ye Qingyu frowned slightly.

He figured out why the crypt was in such a state.

"Release them all," he said.

The village chief was stunned and immediately realized that he had wrongly predicted Ye Qingyu's reaction. He tried to justify his actions and hurriedly said, "My lord, these lowly electric slaves are in the wrong and almost put you in a dangerous predicament. If I let them go now, I'm afraid that I'll face opposition from the other lords in the city, I..."

Ye Qingyu could not be bothered to listen to this village chief's explanation and said, "Tell them to come to me if they have any objections... Let the electric slaves go now and tell your men to prepare some food. The electric slaves... the electric workers will need to rest and recuperate. I have an important mission for them to accomplish."

"Sure sure sure," the village chief stopped trying to explain himself.

The city guards rushed over at the first instance when they received word that their City Lord had returned. A while later, several noblemen from the city and Eleven who was masquerading as the Young City Lord arrived at Northern Wall Village.

"I want you to commit my words to memory and you're forbidden from making any changes to them in the future," Ye Qingyu said as he looked at Eleven. "From this day on, Li Qing will be the village chief of Northern Wall Village and he will be responsible for providing food to all the black-haired Dark Ones. No one should stop him from carrying out his duties and I forbid anyone from questioning him or carrying out any investigations into his work. If anyone dares to openly defy my order, you must kill them all. You can't show any mercy, do you understand?"

"I do," Eleven quickly answered.

The tone of Ye Qingyu's message meant that Li Qing was now his trusted subordinate. Eleven decided that he should try to be on friendlier terms with Li Qing in the future to further understand how this electric slave managed to gain his master's trust so quickly.

"Also, I want you to elevate the status of the electric slaves from now on. Remove the word 'slaves' from their title and they shall be known as 'electric workers' henceforth. They should all be given preferential treatment and provide them with food from Central City. I don't care if all the noblemen in the city starve to death but not a single electric worker should die of starvation. If an electric worker is killed without reason, you must thoroughly investigate this issue and you must leave no stone unturned. Li Qing shall be in charge of selecting all future electric workers, do you understand?" he said, emphasising each word.

Eleven was slightly perplexed by Ye Qingyu's actions.

However, since Ye Qingyu's instructions were not too difficult to carry out, he immediately agreed to follow his instructions to a tee.

The noblemen who gathered at Northern Wall Village after hearing the news all looked dismayed.

What did that mean?

Wouldn't this mean that the electric slaves would enjoy a higher status than them? The black-haired Dark Ones were so low-born that they were considered to be worse than slaves, so didn't this mean that they could now flaunt their newly elevated status even in front of the noblemen and push them around?

"My lord, I object. This order is too absurd and our city could be suspected of flouting the laws of the Guardians. The black-haired Dark Ones are merely slaves and they are lowly, ignorant, underdeveloped and extremely weak, so how could they enjoy such a high status? As for us, the noblemen, we are protected by the Guardians camp, so how could we be of a lower status than these lowly creatures? I..." a nobleman who was as chubby as a meatball exclaimed loudly.

Ye Qingyu nodded and did not rebuke him.

He even looked kindly at the other noblemen and said, "Is that so? Does anyone else have any other objections?"

The other noblemen were slightly hesitant to voice their opinions, but when they didn't detect any anger on his expression, about four to five noblemen rose to their feet and stood beside the chubby nobleman.

"Lord Cheng He has a point."

"Yes, the black-haired Dark Ones are so lowly, so how could you grant them such a high status? These lowly creatures are ungrateful dogs and they are just a group of maggots."

"Yes, please reconsider your decision."

"If you insist on your way, we... will have to report this matter to the Royal City of the Guardians and request for them to take a decision on this. If we create such precedence, these lowly peasants will take advantage of us and this would be a huge blow to the Guardians' rule."

"A moment's negligence could result in irreversible damage."

Several noblemen said and they were full of righteous indignation.

As they spoke, another three or four noblemen of Central City rose to their feet and stood beside the nobleman Cheng He who was as round as a meatball, declaring their stance.

There was a flash of prideful glee on that chubby nobleman's face.

He was surprised to receive so much support and the wheels in his mind turned quickly. If Zhang Longcheng continued to go against the flow, he might even stand a chance.

Ye Qingyu looked very satisfied as he nodded and said, "Alright. I guess I must have been far too kind to all of you in the past which is why you've developed some kind of misunderstanding... Since you are all on Cheng He's side, then you shall die together with him."

Before his voice faded away—

Several white crystalline snowflakes appeared out of nowhere.

These snowflakes floated in the air and looked incredibly beautiful as they danced in the wind. They carved a pretty arc across the sky before anyone could react and landed on Cheng He's and the other noblemen's brows.

They felt a bone-chilling iciness and Cheng He immediately realized that something was wrong.

He tried to say something but the next instant, the iciness exploded and he was instantly turned into a silver ice sculpture that gleamed prettily. All his flesh, blood and clothes were all turned into pure white ice and this sculpture was so clear and crystalline that one could see through him.

"My lord..."

"I..."

"My lord, please have mercy."

The other noblemen immediately realized the severity of the situation and tried to plead for clemency, but Ye Qingyu did not show them any mercy. The iciness contained within the snowflakes exploded in a split second and ten crystalline ice sculptures appeared on the ground. These sculptures were crystal clear and looked extremely realistic. If the other had not witnessed the entire scene, no one would have connected these ice sculptures to the noblemen who had been alive just moments ago.

Thump! Thump!

The other noblemen who did not take a stance earlier were now so frightened that their knees buckled. They knelt on the ground and trembled in fear. No one else dared to express their discontent.

Zhang Longcheng was the City Lord of Central City and he was a titled nobleman so his status was a lot higher than that of an average nobleman. No one else dared to go against him at this point in time.

The others, including the village chief of Northern Wall Village, were so frightened that they shook in fear and lowered their heads, afraid of attracting Ye Qingyu's attention.

"I'll leave you to liaise with Li Qing in the future. You'll be in charge of the affairs in the city while Li Qing shall be in charge of the Dark Ones. I want you to work cooperatively and I don't want to see any infighting, do you understand?" he said as he looked at Eleven.

Eleven immediately agreed respectfully.

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "You may go." Then, he stepped onto the airship that would send him back to Central City and the noblemen who were kneeling on the floor slowly rose to their feet unsteadily and trailed behind his airship deferentially. They were extremely terrified and it was as though they were small boats in the middle of stormy seas.

The airship rose into the air.

Ye Qingyu stood at the bow of the ship and said, "Cheng He and the others are guilty of attempting to rebel and went against my orders. Seize all their assets and confiscate ninety percent of their assets. The remaining ten percent shall be divided amongst his clan and they shall be stripped of their titles. If there are any other dissidents in the future, you may follow this example."

"Yes, my lord," Eleven said with a bow.

His master had once again shown how heartless he could be.

He knew that his master had employed such methods in order to establish Li Qing's position in the Luoshen Ridge and to show his resolution to elevate the status of the electric workers. Once the news spread later, no nobleman nor black-haired Dark One would dare to challenge Li Qing's or the electric workers' status and Li Qing would not face any obstruction as he went about his work.

Eleven had already planned to weaken Cheng He's and the other noblemen's powers since the hands of every nobleman who took Cheng He's side today were stained with the blood of the Dark Ones and they were all secretly powerful slave masters, so they deserved death. He had no sympathy for them.

What was so special about this Li Qing and why was his master supporting this man so publicly?

Eleven's curiosity was piqued.

Moment later, Central City loomed ahead of them.

Ye Qingyu immediately entered a hidden room of the City Lord's residence after he reached the city.

The female Sword Immortal, Wang Jianru was cultivating inside the hidden chamber. She was almost done recuperating and her figure that had once been as elusive as white smoke was now extremely solid. A cloud of sword qi surrounded her and this was a sign that the eighth transformation of her [Nine Revolutions Sword Body] had reached Great Perfection. Her nirvana was almost complete.

Ye Qingyu did not dare to interrupt her cultivation.

He sat in a corner and waited patiently.

Three days and nights passed.

Finally, the sword will mist that surrounded her wormed into her body, revealing her fair and perfect body and a white long robe immediately appeared and wrapped itself around her perfect body. Then, she landed barefoot on the ground.

Ye Qingyu had looked away and only turned to face her when she landed.

"Congratulations," he said with a smile.

The day she completed the eighth transformation of the [Nine Revolutions Sword Body] was also the day that she would need to return to the Unmoving City of Darkness. Her strength had skyrocketed yet again and even he couldn't even assess the extent of her strength, so it would definitely be safe for her to journey back to the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Wang Jianru smiled and retracted in her aura so she looked no different from an ordinary woman. After her sharpness had completely disappeared, she asked, "How long have I been cultivating?"

It has been one month since Nie Tiankong left," he replied since he knew what she wanted to know.

"Has it been a month?" Wang Jianru mused.

Her white robes hung loosely around her frame which made her look even more slender and graceful. Her sword body of the eighth transformation seemed to be perfect and flawless and exuded an exuberant charm. She slowly sat on the stone bench in the hidden chamber and lifted her fair and slender feet as she extracted a pair of white boots from her storage space. She slipped them on gracefully and said with a smile, "It's about time now. Based on the efficiency of the Guardians' Royal City and with the influence that Nie Tiankong's family has, I believe that you will receive an order summoning you to the Royal City in another day or two. You must make the necessary preparations now that it is time for you to leave."

Ye Qingyu nodded and smiled confidently as he said, "I've already made all the necessary arrangements and I'm confident that there aren't any flaws."

Wang Jianru shook her head grimly and warned him, "Don't underestimate the methods of the Guardians' Royal City. After all, this is a place that had once produced countless ancient Emperors so they are extraordinarily powerful. You might be highly skilled at disguising yourself, but it would be impossible for you to completely escape detection; especially since it is rumored that there is an ancient Great Emperor who resides in the Royal City and he has the ability to see through anyone's disguises."

"Ah?" he exclaimed in surprise. "Is that possible?"

Wang Jianru nodded and said, "Once your identity has been compromised, you would be in extreme danger. It would definitely be extremely hard for you to escape."

He thought for a moment, then smiled as he said, "Based on what you have shared, I can tell that you've already thought of a plan."

She wouldn't have brought this matter up otherwise.

"You're very sharp," she said with a smile, "You're right. There are several ways to do this. A plausible method that you could use is the obtain the true [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] since it would change your character and temperament as well. Once you succeed, even a Martial Emperor would not be able to detect your true identity."

"The [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds]?" he shook his head, then continued, "It isn't as easy as you make it out to be. This is an Emperor weapon and is considered a supreme treasure of the world. How could I possibly get my hands on it?"

She smiled and said, "Didn't you take the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] from Ye Chen?"

"That is only an imitation product, it can't be the real thing..." he said and shook his head. Then, his mouth fell open in shock when he saw a teasing glint in her eyes and stammered, "Could... that [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] be the real thing?"

"You've truly been sitting on a goldmine without realizing it," she shook her head and said with a smile.

In other words, the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] was indeed the legendary supreme treasure.

He was completely astonished and said, "How could it be? I've studied it and the aura this armor exuded did not truly mark it as an authentic Emperor weapon. If Ye Chen had such a supreme treasure in his hands, how could I have killed him? This doesn't make sense..."

"That is because this [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] is incomplete and it is missing a core component," she said as though she had expected his reaction, "Ye Chen was extremely audacious and stole many treasures from the military arsenal of the Royal City. However, he must have been blessed with great luck since he actually managed to steal the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds]. This is also the fault of the guards in charge of guarding the arsenal since they assumed that this incomplete armor was a fake Emperor weapon and stored it in a place that wasn't as closely guarded."

It made sense now.

The armor was not complete.

This explained it.

If the [Formless Armor of Shifting Clouds] was incomplete, this meant that it was just a shadow of its former self. How could he rely on this armor to ward off the detection of a Martial Emperor if even he could break past this armor's defenses?

He looked at Wang Jianru in confusion.

Wang Jianru smiled and said, "I know why you're confused, but you've failed to realize that you're already in possession of this armor's missing core component."

He asked in astonishment, "What? Impossible, the things I have..." He suddenly stopped because he realized that he indeed had something that he had yet to figure out how it could be used. Now that he thought about it, it might just be the thing that the female Sword Immortal was referring to.

Had he truly been sitting on a goldmine without realizing it?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1128:


Chapter 1143 - Departure


Ye Qingyu was reminded of the treasures that he obtained from the Underground Moon Immortal Palace of Clear River Domain. There had been two boxes and they contained a pair of cloud boots made from an unknown material, and a pair of white long pants that were made from the same material. He couldn't figure out the origins of those two items and what they could be used for, since they didn't seem to have any unique characteristics other than the fact that they were indestructible. The only similarity they shared was that they both had cloud markings.

After he obtained the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds], he realized that the aura from that armor was somewhat similar to the cloud boots and long pants, but he didn't think too much about it. Now that Wang Jianru had mentioned it, he immediately made the connection and realized that those two items could be related to the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds].

He was completely stunned.

As she watched his expressions change, an amused smile appeared on Wang JIanru's face and she said, "I guess you've already figured it out."

Ye Qingyu summoned the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds].

The armor was an incomplete white lightweight armor and there were cloud markings swirling around it. It looked like it was crafted from heavenly silk, but he knew that it was definitely not that material. Instead, it seemed to resemble the silk of Dao and from its aura, he could tell that it was not a true Emperor weapon.

However, the moment he took out the white cloud boots and long pants from the [Cloud Top Cauldron], and placed these items near the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds], an amazing thing happened. The cloud markings on the armor started to swirl like real clouds, while a dazzling splendor burst forth from the same markings on the cloud boots and long pants.

After he obtained those two items he had once tried various ways to figure out the abilities of the cloud boots and long pants. He had even consulted Old Fish, but to no avail. Nothing happened even after he tried injecting his yuan qi into them, so he didn't expect a strange change to occur the moment he placed those two items closer to the armor.

He was usually wearing the armor while the cloud boots and long pants were stored in his [Cloud Top Cauldron]; since the mysterious [Cloud Top Cauldron] blocked off all aura, he didn't notice the amazing connection between those items.

Cloud qi naturally formed as the cloud markings swirled.

Wisps of white cloud mist floated around him.

He finally sensed the true Emperor qi circulating within the armor. It might have just been a tiny wisp of Emperor qi, but it was enough to make him shudder in fear. It was as though a true Martial Emperor had awakened in this armor.

A true Emperor weapon didn't require him to do much since it had spiritual energy. The armor started to fuse itself together and soon, the cloud boots and long pants transformed into elusive white cloud mists that gathered toward the armor. It seemed like there was an invisible hand sewing a brand new armor.

An hour later.

The fusion process was complete.

A white lightweight armor appeared in front of him.

Compared to the incomplete armor it was before, the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds] had finally regained its former glory. It was like a supreme treasure that was birthed from the universe, flawless and perfect. The white armor was complete and the cloud markings were spread neatly over the different parts of the armor. This was especially so for the chest plate and the back piece where there was a large cloud marking formation that resembled a flower in full bloom. The armor perfectly protected every part of the body, similar to a white silk cultivator's robe. It was simple, basic and easy to move around in, but at the same time, it gave off a mysterious vibe. At first glance, one would react like he had seen an elegant woman of peerless beauty and couldn't help but want to draw closer.

"This is the complete [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]. When the [Drifting Cloud Emperor] vanished back then, this armor was handed down to the world and it had once caused huge unrest. But as time passed, this armor mysteriously disappeared and it was rumored to have split apart... Now, all its parts are finally back together to form the complete armor. This shows that I must be fated with this treasure." Wang Jianru nodded with satisfaction.

Ye Qingyu grinned from ear to ear.

Although he had the [Cloud Top Cauldron], the [Blood Drinker Sword] and the pill furnaces from [Tusita Palace], he didn't know what the grade these artifacts were. This was especially so for the last two, and it was hard to predict whether they would become Emperor weapons. But now he had finally acquired a true Emperor's item, how could he not rejoice?

Other than the fact that Emperor weapons were terrifyingly powerful, the most important point about these weapons was that since ancient times, it was said that only martial artists who had the potential to be Emperors would possess a complete Emperor weapon. This was because Emperor weapons were the supreme treasures of the universe and they had their own spiritual energy, so they would only recognize martial artists who carried the potential Emperor qi within them as their masters.

Now that he had obtained the complete set of the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds], didn't that mean that he had hope and potential of becoming a Martial Emperor? This was probably how he managed to piece the entire armor together by accident.

"How did you know that I had the missing component of the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds]?" he asked after he sent the armor to be refined within his dantian world.

After all, he was the only person who knew the entire time that he possessed the cloud boots and long pants, and even if Wang Jianru was a Quasi-emperor and used her Emperor Detection Technique, this technique wouldn't work on him since he was a fellow Quasi-emperor. The [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds] was an Emperor weapon, so even when it was incomplete, there was still true Emperor qi swirling within it. Most people wouldn't be able to detect it and it definitely wouldn't work even if someone tried to use the Emperor Detection Technique to find it. Otherwise, all the Emperor weapons in the world would be snapped up by those who knew how to use the Emperor Detection Technique.

"What do you think?" Wang Jianru countered with a smile.

He thought for a moment, then asked as realization dawned, "Did you happen to meet that Old Fish?"

"Old Fish?" she repeated in surprise, then she chuckled charmingly, "Is that how you call him? Haha, that's true. He is indeed an immature Old Fish."

He suddenly felt a little sheepish.

He was so used to bickering with Old Fish that he had accidentally blurted out his nickname. "I usually call him that and the name stuck... Does this mean that the [Inspiration King] has also arrived at the Dark Realm?" he quickly added in an effort to disguise his embarrassment.

The Old Fish usually called himself the [Inspiration King].

"Yes, Senior Inspiration has indeed arrived at the Dark Realm, but he claims that he has some matters to attend to and mysteriously comes and goes like a shadow. He handles things like a divine dragon and I can't make heads nor tails of him, so I've only seen him a couple of times. He happened to mention this once and told me to pass this message on to you since he didn't have the chance to tell you himself."

Her expression returned to normal after she laughed.

It was clear from the way she spoke that Old Fish ranked a little higher in terms of seniority. He had once been a follower of the [Lightning Emperor], so he was likely highly regarded in the Dark Realm and should be very influential here. Wang Jianru who was so highly regarded at the Unmoving City of Darkness, would not address him as 'senior' otherwise.

Ye Qingyu was pleasantly surprised.

This was truly a piece of good news.

He had a feeling that he would run into Old Fish sooner or later. This eccentric old fellow was probably secretly plotting something and he was sure that Old Fish was definitely up to no good.

He spoke to Wang Jianru for a few more moments and she briefly told him all that she knew about the Royal City of the Guardians, then reminded him to be careful before she took her leave.

She was going to return to the Unmoving City of Darkness.

He did not send her off personally since he didn't want to attract any unwanted attention.

He remained in the hidden chamber and studied the complete [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds].

He felt more confident now that he had an Emperor weapon since this could not only enable him to put on a perfect disguise that nobody could see through, it was also a peerless defensive treasure. Once he had full control of it, he figured that he would still manage to escape with his life even if he encountered a Martial Emperor.

Time ticked by.

Two days later—

He had completely refined the [Formless Armor of Drifting Clouds].

He was able to display around ten percent of this armor's power with his current cultivation, and this was already very shocking.

At the same time, he finally received news from the Royal City of the Guardians.

An emissary from the Royal City arrived at Luoshen Ridge, travel-worn and weary.

He heard from this emissary that by killing Wang Jianru, Nie Tiankong finally fulfilled his desire to join the powerful inner circle of the Royal City after the city recognized his contributions. He was now an influential member of the Guardians' camp and had joined its military headquarters as one of the four major generals. His rise had created a stir and at the moment, everyone was falling over to see to his every request as the various noblemen fought amongst themselves to gain his favor.

This meant that his transfer order had safely reached Luoshen Ridge.

"Congratulations, Lord Zhang Longcheng. You're the first nobleman that General Nie Tiankong has transferred since he came to power. This shows how highly regarded and valued you are," the emissary said with a smile. He was named Linghu Buxiu and he looked about thirty years of age. He had a slim figure and he was of the Demon Race whose cultivation was at the peak Great Saint realm. He was very kind looking and gave off a friendly vibe; since he was always smiling, he looked very trustworthy.

"Lord Linghu Buxiu, you flatter me," Ye Qingyu said. He knew that since this was the emissary selected to come all the way to Luoshen Ridge... he couldn't underestimate him and guessed that he was probably one of Nie Tiankong's trusted subordinates. After he arrived at the Royal City, he would probably have frequent interactions with Linghu Buxiu, thus he said politely, "You must be tired after such a long journey. Why don't you rest here for a few days and give me some time to pack up? Shall we then leave in three days?"

"Ha ha, of course. As you wish," Linghu Buxiu said with a smile.

Eleven saw this emissary out and made arrangements for his accommodation.

Ye Qingyu left Central City and made a secret trip to Northern Wall Village to observe the situation. Li Qing had already emerged from the ark and with Ye Qingyu's support, the power station of the crypt was back in business; its scale was even larger than before. The electric workers worked even harder now that they didn't need to worry about food or clothes. The plans that [The Beginning] had formulated was steadily put into motion.

He went to the ark and met with [The Beginning] to discuss some matters and also to finalize the plans for Luoshen Ridge's development.

After that, all of the loose ends at Luoshen Ridge were tied up neatly.

Three day later—

Ye Qingyu and Linghu Buxiu boarded the airship and journeyed toward the Royal City of the Guardians.

During those three days, Eleven perfectly carried out his responsibilities as the young City Lord and treated Linghu Buxiu extremely well, even showering him with many gifts, so Linghu Buxiu also formed a very good impression of Ye Qingyu. They seemed to have become bosom friends as they laughed and joked on the airship.

"Haha, Lord Zhang Longcheng, honestly, Lord Nie Tiankong holds you in very high regard and although your position has yet to be finalized, I'm sure that you would take on an important role. We'll be colleagues in the future, so let's try to work well together," Linghu Buxiu said sincerely.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

