Chapter 1181:


Chapter 1196 Divine Empress

While Lingyun secretly reminded himself to be wary, Ye Qingyu was still feeling joyful.

What a curious coincidence.

He was getting ready to head for the Unmoving City of Darkness, but they had sent an emissary to him before he left.
Come to think of it, according to what Wang Jianru told me, Song Xiaojun must have already become Empress of the Unmoving City. There has been unrest there lately—has she managed to suppress the elders that are a little unconvinced about her ability?

A wave of thoughts swept through Ye Qingyu's mind.

He waved his hand. Mo Weinan understood his intention and turned to leave. Ye Qingyu then channeled his Majestic Power formation with a thought, enveloping the entire great hall under a Majestic Power barrier to isolate them from possible prying eyes. Even though all surveillance enchantments had been automatically removed from the residence of the [Military Judge of the Nine Swords] after Ye Qingyu became Martial Emperor, and the absence of anyone daring enough to spy on him, he still took the necessary precautions.

His actions made Lingyun even more defensive and alert.

"Give up, I'll never betray my Empress. The sooner you give up the idea, the better for you," Lingyun steadied himself and said directly. He immediately channeled the remnant inner yuan within his body, intending to self implode. It was the final move he had left.

He was afraid that he could not withstand the techniques of this new Emperor, or that the other party would search his spirit and memories.

His behavior shocked Ye Qingyu greatly.

Of course, since Lingyun himself had not reached the Emperor level, he had no idea what remarkable abilities a true Martial Emperor possessed. With a thought, Ye Qingyu summoned a silver formation. It appeared in the void and instantly melded into Lingyun's body, disarming the energy that would cause him to implode.

"You... humph, give me all you've got," Lingyun said. He was extremely shocked, but his expression was one of extreme defiance. He stared daggers at Ye Qingyu.

"Seems like you have some sort of misunderstanding about me," Ye Qingyu remarked. From the Sinner's expression, he could tell that Lingyun was a brave and tenacious character. He must have had some misunderstanding to display such attitude.
Was it something the people in the military headquarters said?

"Humph," Lingyun grunted coldly and sneered derisively.

To him, Ye Qingyu's methods and cheerful manner had a sinister meaning.

Ye Qingyu shook his head, not knowing whether to cry or laugh. "Since you're from the Unmoving City of Darkness and possess the cultivation level of a Quasi-emperor, you should be holding quite a high rank. Have you seen your Empress, Song Xiaojun, before?"

"Our Empress is a deity descended upon our world, a Divine Lord who has come to save us. How could a devious, lowly person like you who became Emperor by luck call her directly by her name?" Lingyun gave a look of despise and purposely tried to rile Ye Qingyu up in the hopes that he would kill him quickly.

Ye Qingyu nodded. "Looks like you know her. You sound very respectful toward Xiaojun."

Lingyun had not caught onto how Ye Qingyu had changed his term of address toward Song Xiaojun. After all, he was facing immense mental stress upon facing a Martial Emperor. He only continued to sneer and replied, "All loyal people in the Unmoving City of Darkness support and love our Empress."

"Is that so?" Ye Qingyu remarked. He thought about something suddenly and continued, "It's a pity that all of the people of the Unmoving City are from Sinner tribes, and can't accomplish much. I see that you possess a remarkable aptitude and the right spirit for cultivation. I treasure talent, and if you are willing to pledge your loyalty to me, I can pardon all of your sins and guarantee a great future for you. How about that?"

Haha, has he finally showed his true colors?

Lingyun began to laugh loudly, his laughter filled with despise and disgust.

Eventually, he ceased all laughing and channeled all of his thoughts into a single syllable—

"Bah!"

He sneered and lifted his head proudly to look at Ye Qingyu with contempt, seeming an indomitable Divine Dragon.

The thing that threw Lingyun off the most was that the new Emperor did not fly into a rage after being despised and taunted by him like he expected. Instead, he began to laugh loudly, seemingly overjoyed.

"I didn't expect Xiaojun's fame to have already reached this level. Haha, the fame of the Emperor of Darkness seems to have already rung out through the entire Unmoving City," Ye Qingyu said. He drew in the air with two fingers, and the shackles on Lingyun's arms and legs turned into dust instantly. He then threw out a token the size of his palm, saying, "You should recognize this thing."

Lingyun lifted his own arm instinctively and caught the token. He casually glanced at it, and his body began to shake as he realized what it was.

"This is... how could you have the Token of Unmoving Darkness? You..." Lingyun was incredibly shocked to realize that the token this new Emperor had thrown to him was a token possessed only by the people at the core of the Unmoving City. What shocked him the most was that the person who had originally kept it was someone he had complete faith in.

How could this happen?

Lingyun looked at the token before turning his attention to Ye Qingyu and back to the token again... he felt his mind overwhelmed by thoughts at the moment.

"Looks like you know about the origin of this token," Ye Qingyu said with a slight grin. "Can you trust me now, hmm?"

"Er..." Lingyun's attitude changed drastically. He dared not taunt the Emperor on purpose again. "Your Majesty, may I ask how you managed to obtain this token?" he asked somewhat suspiciously.

"Of course, the owner of the token gave it to me."

"Do you know the owner of this token, your Majesty?"

"Of course I do—Wang Jianru, the female Sword Immortal. Come to think of it, she was my first martial arts teacher," Ye Qingyu said, being completely transparent with Lingyun.

Suddenly, Lingyun's body trembled violently.

He completely believed Ye Qingyu at this point.

This was because he had suddenly realized who Ye Qingyu was.

"Is your surname Ye, your Majesty?" he asked in amazement.

Ye Qingyu smiled and nodded.

Lingyun was flabbergasted. "But, but... but shouldn't you be in the Vast Thousand Domains, your Majesty...?" he said, still unable to figure things out.

Ye Qingyu brushed his nose lightly and replied, "Looks like Sword Immortal Wang Jianru still hasn't told you about certain things... forget it, let me treat your wounds first before we speak further." He opened his palm and an invisible vacuum appeared, instantly drawing the black demonic sword out from Lingyun's back. At the same time, numerous chains of silver formations poured into the shocking wounds on his back.

Wisps of black demon qi emanated out from the wounds.

The columns of qi seemed to have lives of their own. They swirled in the void and gave out a really low and vengeful howl, as if they were struggling to break free.

However, with a wave of his hand, all of the black vapor landed in Ye Qingyu's grasp.

They were refined by Ye Qingyu along with the black demonic sword into a ball of light that struggled, twisted and shrieked. It fell into the space between his five fingers and could not break free of his grasp.

Is this the evil power of the Invaders?

Ye Qingyu had an inkling that a few demonic powers he had discovered on the Vast Thousand Domains and the Invaders originated from the same source.
Does this mean that the Invaders have silently extended their reach into the Vast Thousand Domains?

"Your subject pays his respects to you, Divine Empress!" Lingyun exclaimed as he knelt down upon one knee. He could feel the wounds in his body disappear, and even his origin power, which was damaged, had been restored. His entire body felt extremely comfortable, and he had a new understanding of a Martial Emperor's techniques.

Ye Qingyu nodded before realizing something odd. "Divine Empress?" he asked, a strange expression on his face.

"To answer your query, Divine Empress, the title is bestowed upon the husband of the Divine Emperor," Lingyun replied.

"The husband of the Divine Emperor?" Ye Qingyu continued, still perturbed.

Lingyun continued to explain, "It's like this—several years ago, the Divine Emperor unified the Unmoving City, and a few venerated elders who had other motives, along with the other Sinner tribes and the four great Guardian Commanders of the Great Wall, brought up the idea of finding a partner for the Divine Emperor, with the excuse that it was historical tradition for the Emperor of the city to be wedded. The Emperor was forced to reply and harshly rejected them, telling everyone clearly that she already loved someone else. He was a peerless hero, and even though he was not a Sinner, nor was he in the Dark Realm, he was an incomparable talent. She was going to wait for her love to return, and she issued a decree, bestowing the title of 'Divine Empress' on this man."

Even though Lingyun was summarizing the entire affair, Ye Qingyu could understand what he was getting at.

Not only did he understand clearly, it made him feel incredibly emotional.

Lingyun might have described the entire affair nonchalantly, but it was not hard to imagine what a sharp political battle of wills it must have been. The suggestion of picking a suitable partner for Song Xiaojun was undoubtedly a targeted method of suppressing her. They used the ancient tradition of the Unmoving City of Darkness as an excuse in an attempt to sow division and fight over power. Such a struggle must have been incredibly cruel and complicated, but under such circumstances, she had still managed to make her stand clear. Even though he was not at the scene, he could imagine how much pressure and gossip the young girl must have withstood at that time.

With the triggering of the Dark Bloodline, could Xiaojun have already regained her memory?

"How did you know that I was the Divine Empress?" Ye Qingyu asked as he laughed.

He felt a little uncomfortable with the fact that Song Xiaojun was the Divine Emperor and he was the Divine Empress... their genders seemed to have been mixed up, and he did not know how to react.

"The military counselor once told me a few incidents about the Divine Emperor in the Vast Thousand Domains, as well as a few affairs about you, Divine Empress. As such, your humble subject made the bold guess that you had to be the Divine Empress," replied Lingyun.

As Song Xiaojun's trusted lieutenant, he had vaguely heard about a few murky details about Song and Ye Qingyu's love story. This was because Wang Jianru hoped that their relationship could be accepted by the warriors loyal to Song Xiaojun. To that effect, she had put in a few good words about Ye Qingyu in private, as well as telling them about how he had been willing to sacrifice everything for Song Xiaojun in the past. It was because of this that Lingyun had acknowledged Ye Qingyu as the Divine Empress so readily.

He managed to connect the stories to the token and how intimately Ye Qingyu had addressed Song Xiaojun, leading him to immediately deduce the identity of the Divine Empress.

There was no way to fake something like that.

This was especially true for the token. Even Lingyun himself had not earned the right to own one. He thought back about the time when the military counselor had left the Unmoving City alone for a while and was being hunted by the Royal City, but ended up safely back in the Western Region. Lingyun was very sure that the person who had secretly aided the counselor to return unscathed was the new Emperor standing before him.

Originally, when the Divine Emperor had issued her decree to inform everyone that her love was an outstanding man of the Vast Thousand Domains, many people were actually unable to accept it. After all, to many beings in the Dark Realm, the Vast Thousand Domains was just a sheltered world suitable for weak and tiny beings, and that any "talent" from such a place was no comparison for the warriors of the Unmoving City of Darkness. Even Lingyun himself felt a little disappointed at that time, but now it seemed like the Divine Emperor's love was really an incredibly powerful person. Not only had he walked out of the sheltered Vast Thousand Domains, he had even attained an unmatchable level of Dao and became the sovereign of Royal City... his strength and methods were alarming and frightening.

Only such a person was worthy of Her Majesty the Divine Emperor.

Lingyun was completely convinced by now.

"Military counselor? Could that be Wang Jianru, the female Sword Immortal?" Ye Qingyu asked again.

Lingyun nodded and replied, "That's right. She brought the Divine Emperor back to the Unmoving City, and it's due to her support that Her Majesty, the Divine Emperor, is able to unify the entire city..." He stopped mid-way, seeming to have thought about something. His expression grew tense and he hurriedly said, "Oh no... I nearly forgot about my actual task. Your Majesty, please hurry to the Great Wall of the Western Region. Her Majesty, the Divine Emperor, was ambushed, and her whereabouts are unknown currently. The situation is extremely dangerous, so I beg you to intervene and save us."

Ye Qingyu's expression changed instantly. "What's going on?" he asked.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1182:


Chapter 1197 – [Battle Bell]

“Something huge has happened in the Unmoving City of Darkness. When the Divine Emperor was patrolling the garrisons of the Great Wall as usual, intruders suddenly entered in large numbers while some people aroused internal disorder. The Great Wall was invaded and the Divine Emperor was attacked by several sovereign-level experts. He was brought away through the sky and his whereabouts are currently unknown. The military adviser thus ordered me to come here to report and seek help...” Lingyun hastily recounted what happened at the frontlines.

Upon hearing this, Ye Qingyu knew that there was something wrong with this matter.

The Great Wall, a hundred fifty million kilometers in length, had guarded the frontlines of the Western Regions and stopped Invaders from the Chaotic Region without being broken through for countless years. It was definitely no coincidence that it was suddenly broken through today while Song Xiaojun encountered an astonishing surprise attack. This was most probably the joint efforts of several people.

Ye Qingyu recalled the head of the Sun clan’s earlier words – be careful of your own people.

Could this have been done by the nobles from the Guardian camp?

After thinking briefly, he came up with a general countermeasure.

Although he wanted to head for the Great Wall frontlines immediately, he had a few things to do before leaving.

…

…

Buzzz!

Successive bouts of thunderous noises were heard from the air above the army headquarters.

Countless people turned their sights upon hearing the noises.

“Something big has happened.”

“The [Battle Bell] of the army headquarters has been sounded. This is a call to arms made by a military bigshot. It has sounded sixty-four times already. All nobles who are marquises and above have to report to the headquarters...”

“No, that’s not right, it hasn’t ended yet, still sounding… eighty-one times already. All King-level nobles have to report in as well!”

“It’s still sounding… My gosh, one hundred and eight sounds, this… Even the military commander-level heavyweights have to report in as soon as possible. Only a contemporary sovereign is qualified to sound the [Battle Bell] one hundred and eight times. Could… this be the new Emperor?”

Countless people had their hearts in their mouths.

It had been a very long time since the [Battle Bell] was sounded for one hundred and eight times in succession.

This implied that the matter was definitely of super importance. Generally speaking, this was the case only for matters that involved life and death in the camp, meaning that war was about to befall and break out, and even Royal City would be affected.

Upon hearing these sounds, many commoners in the surroundings also felt nervous like never before as they looked toward the army headquarters.

As for the nobles with high military posts, they immediately rushed to the headquarters, daring not to be the least bit sluggish.

At this time, the gate of the sovereign’s usually-deserted main palace was opened for the in-rushing of various figures with vigorous auras and heavy armor. There was a hubbub within, caused by the fervent discussions among those nobles who had already arrived. They, too, had found it baffling that the [Battle Bell] would be sounded so suddenly, and wondered what important matter had happened.

“What’s going on?”

“Which sovereign was it that sounded the [Battle Bell]?”

“What happened? Why was the bell sounded one hundred and eight times in succession?”

As the Sky-reaching clan’s commander entered, he swept a glance across the crowd inside and asked loudly.

He was followed by dozens of King-level nobles.

At this time, the people who were qualified to enter the sovereign’s main palace, which was the nucleus of the military headquarters, were the elite nobles of high status in the camp, and each of them was a hero among their own faction. This was the first time that many of them had stepped into the sovereign’s main palace. After all, the last time that the [Battle Bell] was successively sounded for one hundred and eight times was so long ago that they had not been born yet.

It was very clamorous in the main palace.

However, there was nobody sitting on the lofty Emperor throne in the depths of the main palace.

Generally speaking, after a sovereign sounds the [Battle Bell], they would appear on the Emperor throne to receive the nobles, issue decrees, and implement their will. However, perhaps because not all of the nobles had arrived, the bell-sounding sovereign did not appear.

“It was the new Emperor who sounded the bell,” some people alleged.

By this time, Commander Sun Yi, Marquis Tingtao, Linghu Buxiu, and the others had already shown up.

The hubbub turned into silence at once.

Everyone knew that these people were the favorites of the new Emperor and illustrious beings among Royal City.

A beam of divine light flickered momentarily.

Ye Qingyu’s figure appeared on the Emperor throne in the depths of the palace.

An Emperor might began to spread.

All of the experts in the palace felt as though their hearts were being weighed down by a rock, causing them to be nearly suffocated at once. This was the first time many of them had seen a sovereign and a Martial Emperor-level being in person. Although Ye Qingyu did not deliberately give off his vigor, they trembled in fear and knelt down in the palace, finding it hard to withstand this sort of might.

“Greetings, Your Highness.”

Marquis Tingtao and the others knelt and greeted loudly.

The other nobles, too, knelt and paid their respects immediately, while even the Sky-reaching clan commander, the Dark Feather clan commander, and the others did so after a brief hesitation. They had no choice. A Martial Emperor was not only a martial supreme being, but also a lord among beings. Given the iron-clad rules of Royal City that had always been, they could not violate the etiquette here.

After paying his respects, the Sky-reaching clan commander inwardly grunted before saying, “Your Highness, may I know what matter is it for that you sounded the [Battle Bell] one hundred and eight times and summoned us?”

Countless pairs of eyes looked at Ye Qingyu from both covert and overt places.

This was indeed the matter which many people were concerned about.

Ye Qingyu’s distant, mysterious, yet majestic voice was heard from the throne, “The defense lines at the Great Wall of the Western Regions has been broken. The Invaders killed their way from the Chaotic Region to the Dark Realm, as if with the momentum of a large river bursting through a dam. The front lines have called for help, requesting that I personally lead the troops there. Go get your arms ready, the army shall set off in three days.”

Hearing this, the nobles in the palace exchanged glances with one another.

The Dark Feather clan chief commander took a step forward, revealing a faint sneer on his face. “To think that it was for this small matter that you sounded the [Battle Bell]. This is a matter we have all heard about. It’s not of great importance, and can be taken care of by the penal battalions.” His tone was very calm.

The chief commander of the Sky-reaching clan also smiled. “Based on what I know, the breach is from the zone garrisoned by the Unmoving City of Darkness. Hence, the Emperor of the Unmoving City of Darkness is undeniably guilty of a serious crime. The army headquarters is already preparing to punish the Unmoving City of Darkness heavily and won’t show mercy. Don’t worry, Your Highness. Leave this insignificant matter to us.”

The other nobles also began to look relaxed.

They had never thought that the new Emperor’s sounding of the [Battle Bell] would be for this matter, and felt that he was making a mountain out of a molehill. The Great Wall border of the Western Regions was perennially at a state of war and gunfire, and was defended by the penal battalions. Being lofty nobles, they felt that it would be completely inglorious for them to do battle against the dirty and evil Invaders, much in the same way as it would be for a divine dragon to fight against maggots in the sewers.

For a time, the atmosphere in the main palace became jolly once again.

A few nobles felt slightly disdainful in their hearts, thinking that the new Emperor, being a country bumpkin from the tiny place that was Luoshen Ridge after all, had made such a big fuss about this matter because of his own lack of exposure. Involuntarily, their estimations of him lowered a few notches.

When the solemn-faced Marquis Tingtao saw the disdain of his associates, he hurriedly walked to the front and wanted to say a few words on behalf of Ye Qingyu…

Just then, Ye Qingyu’s majestic and serious voice was heard from the throne again…

“I wasn’t discussing things with you all, but issuing an order instead. There shall be no dispute. Within three days, all nobles who are Marquises and above shall send three hundred of their elite armored soldiers, those who are Kings and above shall send teh thousand, while chief commanders shall lead all of their elite forces to go to the Western Regions and defend the Great Wall. Any transgressor of this order shall be killed.”

His thunderous voice resounded without end.

At this time, the expressions of the high-level nobles in the palace were not as relaxed as earlier.

Because the main palace had not been under the command of a sovereign for a long time, the nobles had grown used to the army headquarters’ noisy way of doing things through compromise and exchange of benefits. As a result, they were somewhat not used to having someone issue orders like a dictator. Besides, the order would cost them a lot of bloodshed. It was highly evident that the sending of elite soldiers from their ranks to fight the Invaders at the Great Wall frontlines would be as irrecoverable as throwing meat buns at dogs. Furthermore, the command did not come from them, and so to comply with it would be a sign of the weakening of their power.

For a time, nobody responded, and the atmosphere was somewhat muted.

Without paying attention to these ill-intentioned nobles, Ye Qingyu continued, “There are fixed standards in terms of strength, cultivation, and birth for the selection of soldiers. Anyone who dares to send less than their best and falsify their compliance with this order had better think whether their neck is thicker than my sword.”

The killing intent and firmness in these words were as tough as divine steel.

The atmosphere in the main palace became ever more quiet.

Deathly silent, in fact.

A while later, the Sky-reaching clan commander coughed and cleared his throat before saying, “Your Highness, this order isn’t in line with the tradition of Royal City. Something like this has never happened before. The penal battalions will suffice for defending against Invaders. Why the need to send our soldiers recklessly?”

Since someone had taken the lead, the other nobles immediately chimed in.

“That’s right, this violates our traditions.”

“We’re powerful people and nobles. How can we be tasked with fighting against Invaders like those lowly Sinners? It’s their duty to guard the borders.”

“Humph, I think the issue of accountability is more important than the sending of troops. We should immediately arrest and heavily punish the leader of the Unmoving City of Darkness for allowing those Sinners to neglect their duties and thereby letting the Invaders break through. This will serve as a warning to those Sinners that they had better not let Invaders break through again.”

The nobles in the main palace began to state their views passionately.

The atmosphere abruptly became vehement.

Everything seemed to return to the rhythm and track they liked most. In particular, a few elderly nobles quoted from books in recounting the methods used by previous sovereigns to heavily suppress and subdue the Sinners in the past. Between the lines, what they were saying was that Ye Qingyu’s methods were unreasonable.

When the Sky-reaching clan commander glanced sideways at his Dark Feather clan counterpart, both of them revealed an understanding smile.

Sitting on the divine throne, Ye Qingyu was unsurprised when he saw this scene. Everything was as he had expected, and so he simply enunciated calmly, “First time.”

The first time?

First time of what?

The nobles in the palace were all taken aback.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1183:


1198 – Another Emperor Battle?

However, Ye Qingyu did not explain anything.

Resembling a deity looking down upon all creation, he sat high up on the Emperor throne as he looked down on the bewildered nobles below like he was watching a show.

“Your Highness, the expedition is a no-go. This violates the ancestral rules...” The Dark Feather clan’s chief commander stood out and fanned the flames once more, saying loudly, “The first thing we have to do regarding the breaking in to the borders at the Great Wall of the Western Regions is to investigate the responsibility of those who didn’t perform their duties and make an example out of them. I believe that our associates here agree with this too.”

He was clearly trying to get others to speak.

A few nobles immediately chimed in…

“That’s indeed so.”

“Your Highness, please don’t disregard everyone else’s opinions.”

“It’d be a terrible disaster if the ancestral rules are overturned.”

“I’ve heard that the penal envoy of the Unmoving City of Darkness has arrived. Why don’t we get him to explain what exactly happened and whether the Unmoving City of Darkness can continue to guard the borders? Huh? If they can’t, we might as well dissolve the city, for it’d no longer be of any use.”

“Heh heh, in my opinion, we should chop off this Sinner’s head right after listening to what he has to say, and send it to the frontlines to serve as a warning.”

A few nobles spoke in deliberately ambiguous terms, trying to stoke the flames as much as possible.

It had been a long time since Royal City was led by a contemporary sovereign, and so the nobles had already grown used to doing things through mutual exchange of benefits and compromise. Talking merrily, they got carried away and even forgot that the person sitting on the divine throne was not someone who could be bargained with, but a sovereign who dictated everything instead.

As he looked at the bubbling and mystifying nobles, Ye Qingyu did not reveal a hint of anger on his face.

“Second time,” he said plainly.

Although his voice was not loud, every noble in the main palace could hear it clearly.

Hence, the clamor died down.

This time, a few mentally sharp nobles could vaguely guess what the new Emperor was thinking. Giving a start, they hurriedly lowered their heads and retreated composedly, putting some distance between themselves and those who were behaving peculiarly.

The Sky-reaching clan chief commander frowned.

His Dark Feather clan counterpart also looked somewhat gloomy.

Seeing their expressions, the big and plump leader of the Lofty Mountain clan, who was another military commander that had been following beside them all this time, felt a jolt in his heart before he gnashed his teeth and took a step forward. “Your Highness, good advice jars the ear just as good medicine tastes bitter. Everyone’s earnest advice is intended for the safety of Royal City and the stability of the camp. If Your Highness disregards everyone’s opinions, you’ll lose support, and that’ll...”

Before he finished speaking…

“Third time.”

Ye Qingyu slowly uttered these words.

A strange aura suddenly began to spread within the main palace. Everyone’s heart involuntarily leapt wildly. Amid the mass daze, a thread of silver splendor began to circulate from the Lofty Mountain clan leader’s forehead.

In less than a moment, the silver splendor spread at a visible speed, resembling the lonely and desolated flickering of stars on a dark night. A layer of watery silver seemed to flow down from the race leader’s forehead to his eyelids, then to his nose, his cheeks and on.

In a twinkling, half of his head was covered in silver splendor.

“I...” His mouth opened as if wanting to say something, but the astonishment and fear on his face quickly froze. This was because the silver splendor flowed down, covered his entire head, and then continued to circulate...

In approximately three breaths’ time, this military commander whose cultivation had reached the eighth step of the Quasi-emperor realm turned into a silver-colored ice statue which was as lifelike as the work of a supreme artist, possessing vivid expressions and giving off a bone-piercing chill.

The entire process took about five breaths’ time in total.

To the many nobles in the palace, these five breaths’ time seemed as long as an era. They had personally seen a chief commander of high status and power and significant voice in the army being turned into an ice statue. The scene of his terrifying and protracted death had shocked every one of their hearts and souls.

Clearly, having been turned into an ice statue, he was so dead that he could not be any deader, completely devoid of vitality and breath. Henceforth, an ice statue was all he was.

Ye Qingyu did not say another word.

He simply sat high up on the Emperor throne while using a calm and indifferent pair of eyes to look at everyone below, as if the powerful military commander he had just killed was but a disobedient roadside dog.

For a time, nobody dared to make a sound.

A few nobles cast their eyes at the Sky-reaching clan and Dark Feather clan commanders. This was because the Lofty Mountain clan had been a loyal supporter of these two commanders for a long time. While the Lofty Mountain clan did not have a sovereign leading it, both the Sky-reaching clan and the Dark Feather clan still had living sovereigns, and so if there was anyone who still dared to question the new Emperor at this time, it would be these two commanders.

Normally, these two were domineering and overwhelmingly influential presences who always stood by their words in the military headquarters.

Sensing that many eyes were cast upon him, the Sky-reaching clan commander tried his best to bear with it, but ultimately could not keep fully calm.

If he was scared stiff just like that, his authority in the army and his status in Royal City, which he had accumulated over many years, would probably be hard to keep hold of.

Eventually, he was unable to refrain from taking a step forward and saying, “Your Highness, don’t you think your methods are excessively overbearing and bloody, for you to kill a meritorious commander of the army so willfully? Even if the Lofty Mountain clan leader didn’t agree with your decree, he meant well for Royal City and the camp. It’s heart-chilling to see Your Highness kill as you please.”

Nodding, Ye Qingyu looked at the Sky-reaching clan commander and then at others, before asking with a calm expression on his face, “Who still agrees with his view?”

A deathly silence ensued.

A moment later, the chief commander of the Dark Feather clan also stood up and said in a deep voice, “I feel that the Sky-reaching clan commander’s words make sense. It’s heart-chilling for a new Emperor to kill a meritorious commander so soon after his crowning. Many of us cannot agree with this decision.”

“I don’t agree too.”

“What should we do about an unreasonable Emperor order?”

“Your Highness, please revoke your order.”

A group of sixteen nobles who had been subservient to the Sky-reaching clan or the Dark Feather clan camp all along came forth to offer support in objecting Ye Qingyu’s order.

“Since you all can’t understand my words, you all shall join the Lofty Mountain clan leader.” Ye Qingyu slowly stood up and spoke in a tone as unwavering and firm as dark ice.

An Emperor might diffused.

Several gleaming snowflakes fluttered and danced like white genies, exuding immense beauty and elegance as they pressed toward the two chief commanders and their trusted nobles.

Being a Martial Emperor who was unmatched throughout the world, he did not need to have any qualms about doing things. Beside, according to the iron-clad rules of Royal City, the leading sovereign of this generation possessed complete authority to kill and to act willfully. Like a bunch of pot-bellied and swell-headed maggots, these reckless nobles actually did not know how to restrain themselves, and even dared to openly oppose Ye Qingyu in the main palace. They had not only provoked him by going against his authority, but, more importantly, also harbored ill intent to harm the Sinners of the Unmoving City of Darkness. How could Ye Qingyu put up with this?

Today, I have to kill the chicken to frighten the monkey.

Whenever Ye Qingyu took action, he would not stop before killing.

Those beautiful and sparkling snowflakes were actually swords which contained material will from the [Life Sword Mantra]. By the present time, Ye Qingyu had long consolidated his Emperor realm cultivation, and so, using his Emperor qi to work up the will of the [Life Sword Mantra] with boundless mystery, he could transform all things. As soft and beautiful as these snowflakes seemed, even a Ninth Step peak Quasi-emperor realm expert would not be able to withstand a single one of them.

The [Ice Sword Killing God] descended upon the world in an instant.

The dozen or so nobles who followed the commanders of the Sky-reaching clan and the Dark Feather clan were locked on to by these snowflakes on their foreheads. After momentarily feeling their brains turning cold, they completely lost all consciousness and also turned into lifelike and clear-faced ice statues that would forever stand upright beside the statue of the Lofty Mountain clan leader.

The two chief commanders were also in terrible shape.

Releasing infinite silver splendor, a separate snowflake was just about to press on to each of their foreheads, but was warded off by a strange power released from their bodies. Even so, the two of them were frozen motionless on the spot.

“You… How dare you...”

“My race has a contemporary sovereign, you...”

Frightened out of their wits, they had been offered a distinct feeling of death’s coming by that tiny snowflake, which could truly be likened to the sickle of the grim reaper, causing them to howl loudly.

Neither man had expected Ye Qingyu to be so decisive and to really dare to kill even them. This was certainly not just for show. Had it not been for the protective force in their bodies bestowed upon them by the elders of their race, they would probably have turned into ice statues by this time as well.

“You ant-like things shamelessly and selfishly seek personal gains, and are shortsighted enough to oppose my orders. How can I prove my might and warn Royal City if I don’t kill you?

Ye Qingyu stood up, revealing his figure to be as lofty as that of a divine king.

“Hoho, the new Emperor is truly mighty. Are you really going to kill even the people of my race?” A voice rang out with boundless majesty as Emperor aura circulated. Sounding rather familiar, it was the voice of none other than the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan, who had appeared in the sky above the Azure Cloud Plaza back then.

“Elder, please seek justice on my behalf,” the Sky-reaching clan commander shouted, revealing delight on his face.

“Do you intend to kill all of the meritorious nobles in Royal City? That day, the Sky Fox sovereign told me that your body was flowing with Sinner blood, and today, it appears that you’re speaking up more on behalf of the Sinners than the camp’s nobles. Could it be that the Sky Fox sovereign was right, and that’s why you were hell-bent on killing him?” Another voice which contained Emperor might rang out, belonging to none other than the sovereign of the Dark Feather clan.

The Dark Feather clan commander also looked overjoyed and felt relieved at last.

The atmosphere in the palace became delicate.

These two sovereigns had created conflict with Ye Qingyu during the battle on the Azure Cloud Platform. In the end, the latter used an overbearing force to compel these Martial Emperors to retreat. However, that was also because the situation at that time did not threaten the core interests of these two races.

Today, however, they could not sit by idly when Ye Qingyu was intending to kill the contemporary race leaders of these two races and the spokespeople of their armies.

Many nobles in the main palace felt bouts of suffocation.

Is an Emperor battle going to arise once more?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1184:


Chapter 1199 Submission out of Fear

An Emperor battle was world-destroying at every turn.

There were already nobles in the palace beginning to walk toward the door furtively. Although the two Martial Emperors could only be heard and were not seen, even the aftershock of their actions through time-space was not something which these nobles could withstand.

Some people took slight pleasure in the others’ discomfort.

The new Emperor was of ignoble birth and had been lowly in status. Having gained power overnight, he clearly did not have much of a good opinion of the nobles in Royal City and thus acted perversely. Now that he finally encountered some actual resistance, the nobles hoped that the two Martial Emperors could suppress him and protect their interests in Royal City.

Conversely, Linghu Buxiu, Marquis Tingtao, and their companions vaguely felt that things were no good. The new Emperor did not have a stable foundation yet, while his actions today were indeed a little precipitate. To suppress this rotten bunch of nobles was actually something that could be done slowly. As the saying went, governing a large country is like cooking a small fish. Given the intricate power among the nobles in Royal City, acting too forcefully would only incite backlash.

What should we do?

Exchanging glances, these people did not have a plan.

After all, the matter of the day had already escalated to the level of Martial Emperors, and thus was no longer suitable for them to participate in.

Nie Tiankong became terribly anxious.

However, sitting on the Emperor throne, Ye Qingyu remained as calm as before.

“I’m the sovereign in charge at present. The main palace will not accommodate a second sovereign. Your time is already over, and so you two no longer have the right to speak. Leave now and I’ll overlook what you did this time.”

His tone was incomparably powerful and intransigent.

“Hoho, how can I leave when you’re killing people of my race?” the sovereign of the Dark Feather clan spoke in a heavy tone and laughed grimly. As his voice resounded throughout the main palace, an Emperor aura began to spread in an extremely shocking manner.

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan spoke once more, “We would naturally not have any objections if you do your job as a sovereign well. However, you have crossed the line in touching my race. How can I allow you to step on the dignity of my race? We aren’t a small race like the Sky Fox race which you can crush and kill at will.”

The postures of the two Martial Emperors were very firm, and between their lines was a kind of contempt toward Ye Qingyu, as if they were seniors reproaching a junior.

The fear on the faces of the two races’ chief commanders also faded, gradually turning into delight. Now that their elders, both of whom were also Martial Emperors, had showed up, such a two-versus-one scenario was certainly disadvantageous to the new Emperor.

As long as the new Emperor’s first order since taking charge was refused, his dignity would definitely plummet and he would become no cause for concern thereafter. Hence, this was a very important point.

The atmosphere in the palace was so tense that it was nearly on fire, while the air seemed to have frozen. Although many of the nobles were martial experts, they dared not even exhale their heavy breaths at this time.

However, Ye Qingyu’s expression continued to remain very calm and relentless, “I’d told you on the Azure Cloud Plaza that if you don’t dare to take things to the extreme and have a battle with me, then you’d better get lost and hide. Talking so much crap is just wasting your time and mine.”

As soon as he spoke, the two snowflakes gave off a dazzling silver splendor once more and Emperor qi circulated, pressing on to the Emperor qi light shields on the Sky-reaching clan and Dark Feather clan commanders to the extent that they contorted and caved in, nearly collapsing...

Feeling that their bodies were splitting apart, the two commanders howled and revealed expressions of unprecedented horror. Their frantic struggles were of no avail.

“You… really want to turn things nasty, eh?” The voice of the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan rang out once again with anger. The pressure of the Emperor qi in the main palace instantly multiplied.

Ye Qingyu sneered, “Don’t you remember saying on the Azure Cloud Plaza that you would kill me sooner or later? What face is there left between us?”

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan became silent.

He had indeed said this back then.

“If you insist on acting willfully, I shall have to crush you.” The sovereign of the Dark Feather clan spoke in a gloomy and threatful tone. Like strands of black hair, terrifying Emperor qi circulated indistinctly in the void.

Ye Qingyu rebutted sarcastically, “It’s still not decided who will crush who. I’ve said before that your time is already over, and since you’ve decided to live on for the sake of it, you had better hide and wait for the opportunity that you’ve been anticipating to appear. Don’t always be unresigned and recalcitrant, trying to agitate the situation of today. This is nothing but a way to die.”

“Young one, you weren’t even born when I gained Dao. How much of this world’s secrets do you even know, that you would dare to challenge us?” The sovereign of the Dark Feather clan nearly could not hold back any longer, and was on the verge of bursting into rage. The Emperor qi aura in the void also started to become unstable.

This was a form of deterrence.

Ye Qingyu guffawed with Emperor qi circulating all over his body. As the silver splendor burned like a silver flame and his hair fluttered, the strands of his black hair seemed to become plated in silver, giving him the appearance of a deity descended upon the world. “The order of gaining Dao does not matter. Anyone who attains it is a master. Don’t try to show off your seniority here. If you remain recalcitrant, feel free to take things to the extreme. Just one hand of mine will be able to crush you.”

This was an invitation to battle.

He had absolutely nothing to fear.

This was because his heart was never with the aristocratic system. Breaking the status quo was a principle which he had always believed in and upheld like no other. If he was not in a hurry to get to the Great Wall of the Western Regions, the first thing he would do was to conduct a purge in Royal City before gradually extending it to the entire Dark Realm, completely dismantling the aristocratic system and building a new order. This explained why he had no qualms about wrecking the army headquarters in Royal City.

“You...” The sovereign of the Dark Feather clan was feeling a mix of shock and anger, unable to believe that a new Emperor could be so arrogant and overbearing. He instantly had an impulse to escalate things and crush the latter, but his inner sense of reason made him choose to restrain himself.

This was because the losses outweighed the gains.

The time was still not ripe.

“Ugh… Save me, elder.” The Dark Feather clan commander cried out, with the sparkling and beautiful snowflake already nearly pressing on his forehead and a bone-piercing sharp pain already spreading within his body.

“Nobody can save you.”

Snorting, Ye Qingyu formed a thought, causing the snowflake to vibrate abruptly before breaking the final defenses and pressing itself on the commander’s forehead. As a silver splendor circulated, the Dark Feather clan commander turned into an ice statue, losing all vitality.

On the other side, the Sky-reaching clan commander was also at the fringes of life and death.

“Zhang Longcheng, don’t think that you’re the only person who can commit murder without scruple. If you dare to kill the leader of my race, I’ll definitely kill everyone you know in Royal City, making you become an isolated star.” The angry howls of the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan sounded like rolling thunder, causing the entire palace to tremor, an indication that his anger had reached its limits.

Unable to take things to the extreme, he was giving Ye Qingyu a taste of his own medicine by threatening to take the lives of the people whom the latter knew.

Hearing this, Ye Qingyu maintained his usual expression and laughed scornfully. “I only know about three to five people. You may indeed decide their lives and deaths with a thought, but what’s their lives worth compared to the prominence of your race and its ten thousand years of heritage? You’ll have to weigh their importance yourself.”

“You...” The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan was flustered.

Indeed, it was not worth it to compromise and exchange the prominence of the Sky-reaching clan for the loner that was Ye Qingyu.

“Besides, if you dare to touch a single strand of hair of anyone by my side, I will kill my way to your sleeping place and force you into a life-and-death battle. At that time, everything that you’ve painstakingly planned will be for naught,” Ye Qingyu added.

The sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan became silent.

“How do you know?” he asked in an unprecedentedly low voice after a long while.

“There’s nothing that an Emperor doesn’t know. I’m naturally able to perceive anything that you all perceive,” Ye Qingyu said, looking haughty.

Silence again.

After another long while, the sovereign of the Sky-reaching clan snorted. “I’ve indeed underestimated you. I should’ve killed you earlier on. Unfortunately, my race has already grown so big that it’s no longer worth killing you.”

As he spoke, his Emperor qi aura instantly dissipated.

He was followed by the helplessly silenced sovereign of the Dark Feather clan.

The two Martial Emperors opted to withdraw at the final moment when a showdown had seemed imminent. This was not what everyone had expected. As powerful sovereigns, they had shown up and talked tough, but were ultimately unable to rescue the leaders of their respective races. This caused the eyeballs of every noble in the palace to fall on to the floor.

Linghu Buxiu and Lin Xuan were already so shocked that they could not speak.

The dozens of ice statues in the palace gave off a chill as they stood upright quietly. When these figures were alive, they had been powerful among their respective factions, yet they were not even able to preserve their lives at this time. In particular, the chief commanders of the Sky-reaching clan, the Dark Feather clan, and the Lofty Mountain clan had been influential in Royal City for nearly a century and were notorious figures, yet taking the wrong path on this day was all it took for them to die to the might of the new Emperor.

The fear, awe, and astonishment in the hearts of the surviving nobles could not be described in words.

At some unknown time, the palace had quietly become a scene of mass kneeling. Many major nobles were kneeling on all fours, daring not to raise their heads. They buried their heads deep between their arms, with their foreheads pressing tightly on the floor, afraid to even exhale their heavy breaths.

The figure standing before the Emperor throne in the depths of the palace was now like a killing god whom nobody dared to look straight at.

Ye Qingyu retracted his gaze from the far end of the void and cast it upon the many figures in the palace. “Does anyone still have an opinion regarding the expedition?”

“We obey your command.”

“I’ll uphold Your Highness’ decision fully.”

“I obey.”

“I won’t dare to go against your order.”

“I’m willing to offer an extra one hundred elites to defend the camp.”

Looking positive like never before, many nobles patted their chests and made promises, as if they were not the same people who had opposed Ye Qingyu together with the Sky-reaching clan commander earlier. There were even several marquises who had been under the charge of the three races’ commanders that now looked impassioned as they vowed to be willing to give their lives in serving Ye Qingyu.

“Good. The expedition shall be placed under the charge of Marquis Tingtao.” Ye Qingyu swept a glance across and paused before continuing, “Marquis Tingtao shall be promoted to King Tingtao, while Linghu Buxiu shall be the new King of Zhenyuan. Together, they will make checks on and command the army, with Nie Tiankong providing support. We can set off in three days, after all of you have sent in your soldiers. Anyone who dares to oppose the order covertly or delay things deliberately shall be killed without question.”

“Thank you, Your Highness.”

“Thank you for Your Highness’ kindness.”

Hearing this, Lin Xuan and Linghu Buxiu felt extremely excited and hurriedly knelt down to express their gratitude. They had stood on the right side at the critical time, enduring immense pressure, criticism, and trouble, and were finally rewarded on this day.

If Ye Qingyu’s will was fully implemented, the new army would, without a doubt, be of astonishing battle strength and immense scale, far surpassing those of other armies. The two men were already chief commanders in name.

Countless envious gazes fell upon the duo.

Nie Tiankong was also immensely jealous.

He had striven for many years before becoming a chief commander, yet Lin Xuan and Linghu Buxiu had taken just one large stride to become on par with him.

“I will rush to the Great Wall in advance. You are to set off as soon as the army has been formed, and must reach the Great Wall defense zone in fifteen days. If there are any delays, you shall be put to death, while the lower ranks will be punished according to military law.”

Ye Qingyu’s unmistakable voice resounded in the palace.

He then vanished in a flash of divine splendor.

Fifteen minutes or so later, Ye Qingyu made some arrangements in the city before traveling at lightning speed on his dragon mount toward the west together with Lingyun.

He could wait no longer.

He was going to find Song Xiaojun.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

