Chapter 1113:


Chapter 1128
–
News of an old friend



At this time, many black-haired refugees did not know what the battle on the small dirt field on this night in Bitter Hill Village would mean for them.

Only future history books would document the night of change in this Dark Realm.

Many historians, at the mention of this night, will say that the wheel of history began to turn and change on this night.

At this time, the villagers simply watched Ye Qingyu leave with a look of reverence and gratitude in their eyes.

When Ye Qingyu left, he also brought Zhen Wanting and her mother.

It was only when the airship rose and disappeared into the distant horizon that the black-haired Dark Ones gradually dispersed.

Before leaving, Ye Qingyu said a few words to Chen Sheng, asked him to temporarily let the refugees of the Ten Kilometers Village to settle in Bitter Hill Village for now. Then he requested Chen Sheng to pass on a message to the other large villages nearby that he will soon visit some black-haired Dark Ones villages, to see the kind of light that did not need oil and firewood.

The long, long night had come to an end.

“Village chief, that lord... who is he?” a villager came over to ask.

Chen Sheng smiled, “Who? Haha, of course he is an important person that we cannot understand, like those important people of the Guardian camp, he is high and mighty, stands in the clouds like a god. But there is one thing I can be sure of, and that is he’s a good person. Perhaps we can finally live a good life in the future.”

He was hopeful.

Then, Chen Sheng began to organize the villagers to house the refugees of the Ten Kilometers Village. Last night, Shao Xuzheng and Yao Xin had already burned down Ten Kilometers Village to ruins. The old, sick and weak were all killed, and only less than eight hundred  young men and women from the thousands of people in the village were left. It was not too difficult to find a place for them to stay temporarily in Bitter Hill Village.

The only problem was the scarcity of food.

Bitter Hill Village had already been struggling with food and clothing, and every residence did not have enough food for the next day. Now there were suddenly more than eight hundred mouths to feed. It was impossible to solve the food problem. Chen Sheng, carefully calculated and sorted out all the grains and food in the village, and at best there was enough for everyone to last for another half a day. Adding to this, now it was the season when the new crop is still in the blade and the old one is all consumed. It was impossible to rely on the food in the field.

“Sigh, no matter what, since it was a matter that the Lord had handed to me, even if I have to cut my flesh to feed the villagers, it still must be done.”

In a twinkling, one day had passed.

Night fell again.

Bitter Hill Village, which only had food to last another day, had completely plunged into a state of food depletion.

During the day, Chen Sheng asked for help from several surrounding villages.

But the harvest was not too great.

This was not because the black-haired Dark Ones were not united, but the several neighbouring villages were in a similar state to the Bitter Hill Village and simply could not donate food to relieve others.

Chen Sheng anxiously scratched his head.

But shortly after nightfall, a black airship crept up again in the sky.

The villagers in Bitter Hill Village were so nervous at first, thinking that it was another disaster descending and that the Guardians had already began to retaliate.

Who knew that it was Zhen Wanting who came down from the airship.

The little girls face was rosy red with excitement as she came down the ship. When she saw Chen Sheng, she bounced up and exclaimed, “Village chief, village chief, Lord told me to bring food to the village... We don't have to starve anymore.”

“What?” Chen Sheng thought he had misheard her.

But soon, he saw Eleven coming down the landing airship, followed by extremely deferential military camp soldiers. The air of arrogance that they had before was completely gone, and all wore a smile like a blooming chrysanthemum. As far as possible they tried to appear amiable as they carried over large baskets of grains, fruits and vegetables.

“Lord knows that we have no food, so he told big brother Eleven and I to send food over.” Zheng Wanting said with a smiling, joyous face. “We will no longer have to worry about food. Lord said that he won't let us starve. These grains and food are only the first batch. There are more after this. Hehe, Village chief, this is great.”

Chen Sheng was stunned.

He found it hard to believe and thought he was dreaming.

Previously, although Chen Sheng was hopeful towards Ye Qingyu, he only thought that, if Ye Qingyu really replaced Zhang Longcheng as the ruler of Luoshen Ridge, the exorbitant taxes would be reduced and he would at least give the villagers a little of their food ration to continue their life. He had never dared to hope to get food from Central City.

And the villagers around, upon hearing this, basically all had the same reaction as Chen Sheng.

It was only after a long while that a burst of cheers came from the crowd.

“Everybody don't fight, line up, every family will have a share. The rest will be left with Village Chief Chen Sheng to keep for now.” Eleven said. He had previously helped to avenge the villagers of the Ten Kilometers Village, by killing the military camp soldiers, so the villagers also greatly respected him. When he spoke, all the villagers began to line up without a word.

The first batch of supplies was soon distributed.

Eleven and Zheng Wanting boarded the airship and left.

“Zheng Wanting is really going to soar this time, I can see that Lord really likes her.”

“Haha, the most beautiful flower in our Bitter Hill Village is of course very likeable.”

“Now that Zheng Wanting has such a status, our Bitter Hill Village can live peacefully.”

A few villagers who had received the food laughed and joked.

Chen Sheng glared at them, “Don't talk nonsense about Lord behind his back, do you want to die.”

The villagers all broke into laughter.

For them, having a full meal was undoubtedly the happiest thing in the world. Moreover in today's meal, there were meat, as well as fruits and vegetables... Many people were seen laughing foolishly while eating.

“I did not think that I, Zhao Er would be able to eat meat in my remaining years of life, I can die happily now.” A young lad sighed happily.

And many villagers, after receiving their rations, did not dare to eat it. They wanted to keep it and bring it to the market. Perhaps a piece of meat can be exchanged for a bag of coarse grains, and a white bun can be exchanged for food rations that can last a family of four for half a month. This was an important wealth.

……

The Central City of Luoshen Ridge.

Ye Qingyu was standing at the main entrance to the City Lord's mansion, overlooking the whole city.

The whole Central City was built according to the mountains. The City Lord's mansion was located at the highest point in the center. Therefore, standing on the stone foundation of the main entrance, everything in the city could be seen at once.

It had taken them three days and three nights to travel to Central City. During this time Ye Qingyu had already gained an understanding of everything in the city——In fact, Ye Qingyu did not need to take care of the many little matters. The jobs, such as administration, reorganization and suppression of Central City, were left for Eleven to take care of.

Ye Qingyu stayed in the mansion for three days, looking through all the books in the City Lord's mansion. His understanding of the Dark Realm was also deepening gradually.

He was particularly interested in the information on the Sinners.

Because Ye Qingyu was more or less certain that he was a Sinner.

While this really puzzled him, he had to accept the fact.

He guessed that everything might have something to do with his true identity.

In his memory, his father was only an ordinary Human Race expert of Heaven Connect City. He was not considered incredibly powerful and had died in a battle protecting the city. But later what Ye Qingyu discovered when he moved the grave, that silver sword, as well as the Guardian camp’s medal of nobility he saw today, had revealed some clues that Ye Qingyu simply dared not to imagine before. It also made Ye Qingyu understand that his background was not that simple. The origin of his father contained a huge secret.

And what made him even more puzzled was that, if the brass medal represented the symbol of the Guardian camp's nobility, he, who possessed a similar brass medal, logically speaking, should also be a member of the Guardian camp. Then why was the blood of sin flowing through his body?

He rummaged through all the books in the City Lord's mansion.

In particular, the ancient books stored in the medal of nobility that he obtained from Zhang Longcheng contained a large amount of information. Ye Qingyu learned that the Sinners were also divided into different forces, and his greatest discovery was that the Unmoving City of Darkness was indeed in the Dark Realm and also belonged to a great force of the Sinner camp. It was said to be one of the forces of the camp with the greatest sin, and was expelled by the Guardian camp to the most western region of the Dark Realm. They were the front line against Invaders.

“If I want to find Song Xiaojun I need to go to the most western area... Haha, now, she and I are both Sinners.”

Ye Qingyu laughed to himself.

But there was another thing that baffled him just as much.

Since, as stated in the ancient books, the beings in the Dark Realm, under the rules and laws set by the martial arts Emperors, couldn’t leave the Dark Realm, then why could Wang Jianru return to the Vast Thousand Domains after taking Song Xiaoxjun to the Dark Realm?

Also, was the Phoenix Race that was known to bear the responsibility of fighting against the Unmoving Citty of Darkness generation after generation also in the Dark Realm? If not, then the Phoenix Race cannot be in direct contact with the forces of the Unmoving City of Darkness?

What was going on?

The more Ye Qingyu knew about the Dark Realm, the more and more mysteries there were in Ye Qingyu's mind that he could not explain.

At night.

Eleven came to the mansion to report back.

In these days, Eleven had completely subdued all of the forces in Central City. After the death of Zhang Longcheng, his subordinates had also all basically scattered. Occasionally there were some aggressive and domineering forces, but in the end they were also eradicated by Eleven. Now the entire Central City was completely under the control of Eleven——Of course, this control was established by force. If Eleven were to leave, then Central City would restore the order of the past.

But so far, Ye Qingyu was fairly satisfied with Eleven's performance.

“Lord, there is one more thing that I must remind you, I believe the Guardian camp has received the news of Zhang Longcheng’s death. The murder of a noble is a serious provocation to the Guardian camp. They most likely will not leave this matter at this. We should think of how to deal with them next?” Eleven had deep concerns.

He, who had lived in the Dark Realm before, obviously knew about the terror of the Guardian camp. To give an inappropriate example, the Guardian camp in the Dark Realm was equal to the Domain Alliance in the Vast Thousand Domains. In fact, the Guardian camp's control over the Dark Realm was much greater than the Domain Alliance had over the Vast Thousand Domains.

Ye Qingyu smiled, saying indifferently, “Different situations call for different actions.”

He simply didn't care about things like that.

Eleven felt helpless when he heard this.

Following such a master, it was really cool when it was cool, but after the coolness, he felt he was always on tenterhooks.

However, these days, Ye Qingyu's delegation of power to Eleven made him enjoy being a real important person of Central City. He had already unknowingly liked this life, and like drinking alcohol, he had begun to feel a little bit addicted.

After a pause, Eleven remembered another thing, “Lord, there is another news that I think I should tell you. I happened to hear it when I was searching and seizing the house of an aristocrat in the city. Lord you may be interested.”

Ye Qingyu casually asked, “What's the matter?”

Eleven organized his thoughts before he said, “I heard from a few doormen of an aristocrat's residence that there have been a few disturbances recently in the Dark Realm. Before we attacked Central City of Luoshen Ridge, there was a great event in the Fire Province. A powerful figure appeared and boldly captured the Central City of the Fire Province. The identity of this person is very special. I have heard about some of his deeds. I believe he is acquainted with Lord.”

“Huh?” Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up. “Who is it?”

“It is rumored that the man only laughs when he opens his mouth, laughing at the world's most ridiculous things, and his surname is Li.” Eleven said cautiously. “It is said that in the battle at the Heavenly Fire Central City, even if that person just smiled, heaven and earth were turned upside down. No one was a match for him. He killed all the aristocrats of Heavenly Fire Central City with one laugh. His strength is extremely terrifying. Moreover, after that battle, in the face of some aristocrats of the city he also said that ‘the world is impure and turbid, I have always acted on my own authority’.”

“What?” Ye Qingyu sprang up.

Could it be...

This kind of skill and tone, could it be [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]?

Ye Qingyu was stirred up.

That's right, this kind of way of doing things, this behaviour, these methods, this kind of courage, it must be [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] without a doubt. In the great battle against the Quasi-emperor of the Four Stars Sect and others, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had also said something like this before. This was his principle.

‘The world is impure and turbid, I have always acted on my own authority.’’

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was indeed still alive.

Ye Qingyu was so excited he stomped his feet.

He had been hoping for this all this time. In that battle, when the grey-copper temple finally vanished, the [Cloud Top Cauldron] returned carrying a drop of blood of [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], it did not mean that [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had died. But unfortunately, after that, [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had never appeared again.

Unexpectedly, he had come to the Dark Realm.

“How far is the Central City of Fire Province from Luoshen Ridge.” Ye Qingyu impatiently asked——

[Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] had showed up again...

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1114:


Chapter 1129
–
The sudden arrival of the special envoy



“It's... it's very far away.” Eleven did not expect his new master to have such a huge reaction to the news. “The Earth Province territory stretches across hundreds of thousands of kilometers, with dangers everywhere. Apart from some of the Central City areas, there are dark beasts and forbidden lands at most of the dark areas. It will be incredibly difficult to pass through. The Heavenly Fire Central City of the Fire Province is at the most western area, and from our location we will need to travel across the entire territory of the Fire Province.”

“This... it's really a little far.”

Ye Qingyu gradually calmed down.

He was almost ninety percent certain that the rumoured person must be [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei]. This was undoubtedly great news. In this world, besides his relatives, if there was a person who Ye Qingyu worshipped and admired, then [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei] was definitely one of them.

Although he wanted to see [Quasi-emperor Xiaofei], but after calming down, he also realized that now is not the right time.

After coming to the Dark Realm, Ye Qingyu had a lot to deal with. There were a myriad of things that must be taken care of. In particular the mess of Luoshen Ridge, which he was now undoubtedly trapped in. He must finish what was started. Since he had made the decision to change something, then he has to complete it, otherwise, if he pulls away now, it most likely will not take long before the black-haired Dark Ones in Bitter Hill Village have to suffer again.

Ye Qingyu couldn’t allow this to happen.

“Send someone to pass on the message that, from today, Central City will allow the Dark Ones to enter at will and that all citizens are equal...” Ye Qingyu said a few words, and then found it very troublesome to describe what he wanted to do so he directly said, “Just like in Heaven Connect City, how to enact the law, think about it yourself.”

Eleven was confused by the first half of the sentence, but he understood the other half. He thoroughly grasped Ye Qingyu’s meaning, but also knew what sort of scene that Ye Qingyu wanted to see in Luoshen Ridge. After understanding this point, Eleven drew in a breath.

This was simply a subversion in the absolute sense.

Ever since ancient times, the Guardians had been high and mighty masters, while the Dark Ones were basically slaves. The social hierarchy was incredibly strict. But Ye Qingyu wanted to completely break this difference in social class, so that the Dark Realm would become like the Vast Thousand Domains.

Eleven obviously dared not to oppose Ye Qingyu. After careful thought, he persuaded, “Lord, this way, there may be friction in the short term, especially since many Guardians in the city have always regarded the Dark Ones as lowly people. It is most likely that they will secretly make things difficult for the Dark Ones. There will be bloodshed, and there will be people taking advantage of this to make a fuss, I am afraid...”

Ye Qingyu interrupted his words with a wave of his hand, “There is nothing to be afraid of, who dares to oppose in secret, who dares to cause trouble, who dares to mock and ridicule, who dares to refuse to carry out the new law, will be killed without question.”

Eleven trembled all over when he heard this.

The murderous spirit of his master really showed that he has the blood of sin running through his body. He really possessed the bloodline of the demon of sin.

However, Eleven was still a little worried, and carefully suggested, “If all were killed, Central City will fall into chaos. Then everything will be paralyzed, and it will be difficult to operate...”

Ye Qingyu gave a faint smile, “Without destruction there can be no construction, since tall buildings need to be rebuilt then the foundations needs to be firm. Central City is missing many things, but one thing that it does not lack is these Guardians who hold on to a post while doing nothing. Without these parasites, the Luoshen Ridge can still function... Of course, the severe punishment is not only for the Guardians. If there are people among the Dark Ones stirring the undercurrent, they should similarly be killed.”

He was going to fight his way out to see dawn.

Because this was the most time-saving and easiest way.

Upon hearing this, Eleven had thoroughly understood.

As long as he was impartial then it will be easy to carry out this task. Otherwise, it will definitely be a mess. He had also been in contact with some Dark Ones, and knew that there was no absolute good or bad in this world. Although most of the Dark Ones were honest, grateful and easily satisfied, there were some ambitious plotters.

Suddenly they heard hurried footsteps outside and a loud voice came from the bottom of the stone steps to the main hall, “Reporting to Lord, urgent report, urgent report...”

The soldier panted, heaving for breath.

Eleven tensed up, worried that something had happened in the city, which would affect Ye Qingyu's evaluation of his ability. He hurried down, stopped the soldier and immediately came back to report.

“Lord, a special envoy of the Guardian camp has come,” Eleven reported with a strange look on his face.

“Very fast.” Ye Qingyu was a little surprised at the well-informed and efficient Guardian camp. Not only was he far from being afraid, there was a hint of anticipation lighting up on his face.

Eleven said strangely, “It is most likely a strange mistake. From the report of the subordinate, this special envoy came alone and seemed to not know that the ruler of Luoshen Ridge has changed. He also seems to be in a difficult situation and had asked to see Zheng Longcheng.”

“Oh? Is that so?” A smile curved Ye Qingyu's lips. “Good, then let's go and meet him to see what this is about.”

……

A moment later.

“So Lord came here to borrow soldiers, to fight and capture a serious criminal from the Unmoving City of Darkness?” Ye Qingyu, who had transformed to look like Zhang Longcheng, after listening to what the special envoy said, had already formed a plan in mind.

Opposite.

A tall and thin demon Quasi-emperor nodded firmly and said arrogantly, “Not borrow, but to dispatch. I am a special envoy of the Guardian camp. I have the right to dispatch soldiers. Zhang Longcheng, I order you to immediately gather the masters in the city to set off with me. I have heard that among your courtyard of esteemed masters there is a Quasi-emperor, tell him to also accompany me on this trip.”

This demon Quasi-Emperor’s face was thin and long like a horse face. He had no eyebrows, and his eyes were filled with a ferocious and sinister colour. His aura was unstable, and appeared to have sustained injuries.

Ye Qingyu nodded, saying calmly, “Yes, special envoy please rest assured that I will arrange it, and will ensure full cooperation. It is rare for special envoy to have a use for our Luoshen Ridge, it is our honor... Haha, by the way, I am curious about who the serious criminal that special envoy mentioned is?”

An invisible mind force permeated from the eyes of Ye Qingyu.

“Well, yes, you are not bad, I will remember you, there will be a lot of rewards for you in the future... As for the serious criminal, it is a lowly person called Wang Jianru, one of the leaders of the Unmoving City of Darkness, a Sinner camp. She is a trusted aide of the current King of Darkness, and is very strong. Despite the iron laws of the camp she had unexpectedly sneaked into the Vast Thousand Domains, and is now wanted by the entire Dark Realm... Huh, I have talked too much. You are just a little City Lord, you won’t understand. While this lowly person is in a weak state, it is my great opportunity... haha...”

The special envoy shut up all of a sudden.

For some reason, he was unable to control himself and had unconsciously said too much. By the time he snapped awake he had already leaked some information that should not be leaked. A sinister glint flashed to his eyes as he scolded, “Why ask so much, immediately go prepare. We shall immediately set off.”

Ye Qingyu replied with a smile.

But in his heart, he was analyzing something else.

Wang Jianru had left the Vast Thousand Domains a long time ago. Ye Qingyu thought that she had returned to the Unmoving City of Darkness, but now it seemed that this was not the case. She was hunted by the Guardian camp in the Dark Realm. Adding to this, it seems that Wang Jianru's situation was a bit dangerous, and was likely to encounter a great crisis. If not, she would have returned to the Unmoving City of Darkness already and would not have been chased within the territory of the Earth Province.

The reason behind this, he was not able to guess right now.

But it was clear that she was in trouble now.

For Ye Qingyu, it was certainly an opportunity to connect with the Unmoving City of Darkness.

Ye Qingyu signaled to Eleven.

Eleven understood, immediately pretended to go out to gather the elites.

“Lord, please be patient, everything will be ready at once.”

Ye Qingyu accompanied the special envoy and acted very respectful. While he intentionally or unintentionally made conversations he also learned some information. This special envoy was called Nie Tiankong, a descendant of the Ancient Demon Race, and now serves at the imperial city of the Guardian camp. His status was not considered low. He had been hunting down to kill Wang Jianru because her whereabouts were exposed. The imperial city of the Guardian camp had issued an order with a great reward for the capture of her. Nie Tiankong ran into Wang Jianru in the Earth Province and unexpectedly he lost in that battle and had to come to Central City of Luoshen Ridge to ask for assistance. Therefore, he did not know that the Lord of Luoshen Ridge had already changed.

That was approximately all the information he could extract from him.

After all, Nie Tiankong was also a Quasi-emperor. If he were to continue to use some mind bewitching force as he did in the beginning, Nie Tiankong might be able to perceive that something was strange.

A moment later, Eleven had come back.

“Lord, unfortunately Master Xu Shaohua has already went out three days ago and it is impossible to contact him,” Eleven said in a serious tone of voice.

Nie Tiankong looked extremely disappointed. In the entire Luoshen Ridge, the only expert who could barely be of use was unexpectedly not in the city. He had come here for nothing. Looking trouble, he said, “What? Why is it so coincidental? Haha, City Lord Zhang Longcheng you're not deliberately tricking me, are you?” As he was speaking, his tone of voice had grown threatening and sinister.

Ye Qingyu hurriedly replied, “How would I dare to... esteemed Master Xu Shaohua has a special status, and is an esteemed master that I have spent a lot of effort to recruit. He has special privilege, and usually even I could not fully command him... How about this, Special Envoy Nie Tiankong, although I am not particularly powerful, I am willing to assist Special Envoy. Let me follow you there, what do you say?” ——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1115:


Chapter 1130
–
Quite marvellous



Nie Tiankong looked disdainfully at Ye Qingyu. “You? City Lord Zhang Longcheng, your cultivation level is too low, what's the difference between just throwing away your life.”

He was not optimistic about Ye Qingyu. He was not strong enough and would only be a liability instead.

Ye Qingyu calmly gave a smile, “I won't hide from special envoy, I have been practicing painstakingly these years and has finally made a breakthrough...” While speaking, Ye Qingyu released the unmistakable aura of the Quasi-emperor realm.

Nie Tiankong was startled.

He finally began to size up Ye Qingyu with a positive gaze.

Nie Tiankong had heard about the City Lord of Central City of Luoshen Ridge Zhang Longcheng. This person was only infinitely close to the Quasi-Emperor realm, and was not considered an important person, but he did not think that he was able to quietly walk the step that countless martial arts experts could not walk and made a sudden breakthrough. His status in the future would definitely rise, and also be counted as entering the main stream of the Guardian camp in the Dark Realm.

However, he did not notice that Zhang Loncheng had entered the Quasi-Emperor realm before?

Oh, that’s right. There were rumours not that long ago that Zhang Longcheng was directly bestowed with the title of noble by the Guardian camp's imperial city. He had received the medal of nobility so it must have been the strength of the medal that concealed his cultivation base. Zhang Longcheng really can endure loneliness, after achieving Quasi-emperor he did not immediately announce and brag to anyone. He really was one of a kind.

After a ponder, Nie Tiankong's tone of voice was much more polite than before.

“Hahaha, I really overlooked, City Lord Zhang Longcheng is a true hidden dragon. Please forgive me for being disrespectful. Once entered into the Quasi-emperor realm, the sea and sky are vast and wide. From now on, the Luoshen Ridge would most likely prosper. Hahahaha...” Nie Tiankong adjusted his attitude, complemented with a smile, and then changed the subject, “Although you just entered the Quasi-Emperor realm, your strength is limited, but you will also be of assistance. Well, you can come with me, but remember that, along the way, you have to listen to my arrangements. Otherwise, if something goes wrong, don't blame me for not helping you.”

Ye Qingyu nodded repeatedly. “I will definitely follow Specials Envoy's lead.”

“That's good,” Nie Tiankong responded with a satisfied nod.

In the end, that was how things were agreed.

Ye Qingyu also said a few words to Eleven before he left Central City of Luoshen Ridge with Nie Tiankong and told him to continue to preside over everything in Central City.

……

……

The territory of the entire Earth Province stretched over tens of millions of kilometers.

Luoshen Ridge was only a little place within the territory of the Earth Province.

Ye Qingyu followed Nie Tiankong out of Luoshen Ridge, heading in the northwest direction, stopping multiple times along the way.

Because from time to time there could be attacks from various dark beasts, especially in the depths of the wilderness. The Emperor of the dark beast was incredibly powerful, infinitely close to the strength of an expert of the Quasi-Emperor realm. If they come across the territory of the Emperor beast they must keep a good distance, otherwise they will also be submerged by the tide of dark beasts.

So the two did not travel particularly fast.

Along the way, Nie Tiankong took out a strange list on a red and black cloth, like the ancient Emperor's decree. He constantly assessed the direction, and when Ye Qingyu tried to ask about it he learned that this list was the [Must Kill Wanted List], which was issued by the Guardian imperial city. It had information on Wang Jianru, and was able to constantly search for her through a special way of sensing. What was terrifying about this [Must Kill Wanted List] was that once on this list, there was almost no way of escape and anyone on it would undoubtedly die.

Ye Qingyu felt a chill running down his spine when he learnt of the origin.

Given Wang Jianru's cultivation level, she also could only temporarily block the detection of the list not completely hide from it. It was evident how terrifying the [Must Kill Wanted List] was.

This Guardian imperial city was indeed a terrifying place, and if he were to face it in the future, he must not let his guard down.

Another half a day passed.

They were still in the territory of the Earth Province.

“Almost there, be careful... this lowly person, although seriously injured, is still very strong. All the Sinners from the Unmoving City of Darkness are evil. City Lord Zhang Longcheng, you must not be careless.”

At nightfall, Nie Tiankong's expression grew serious.

The two men landed from the low altitude.

Ahead was an endless forest.

A grey forest.

All of the trees and the branches were covered with a thick layer of stones, as though carved from rock. Here was once a flourishing place, a lush vast primeval forest, full of vitality, but now, all the trees had turned into stones and lost their life force. The tallest tree was only thirty or forty meters tall, branches dried up, like a ghost claw, At first glance, the whole forest did not exude the slightest life. It was grey and dead, like a stone forest of evil spirit, eerie and sinister.

Nie Tiankong carefully looked at the [Must Kill Wanted List] when a smile curved his lips.

“In the midst of this demonic stone forest of evil spirits, this lowly person is planning to use the terrain. It seems that she really is in a desperate state.” Nie Tiankong glanced at Ye Qingyu. “City Lord Zhang Longcheng help me kill this lowly person, and we will share the credit equally.”

Ye Qingyu deliberately pretended to be afraid by respectfully saying, “Special envoy Nie Tiankong, I am just here to support you. How would I dare to take any credit? I only hope that when Special Envoy Nie Tiankong returns to the Guardian imperial city to report back, you would happen to mention I, Zhang Longcheng, and I would already be incredibly grateful.”

“Haha, City Lord Zhang Longcheng  is too polite.”

Nie Tiankong gave a hearty laugh.

He just said that to test Ye Qingyu. If Ye Qingyu really dared to claim credit, then, after he killed Wang Jianru, he would find a chance to get rid of Ye Qingyu and push all the charges onto Wang Jianru. But now it seemed that this Zhang Longcheng was extremely tactful. If he were to keep him alive then he may be useful in the future.

As the two people were speaking, they slowly entered into the demonic stone forest.

In order to avoid alarming Wang Jianru, both had shrunk to inches, very cautiously concealing their aura.

Holding the [Must Kill Wanted List], Nie Tiankong grinned sinisterly.

“In less than one hundred kilometers, we will soon arrive...” He laughed, as though he already saw the great reward in front of him.

Because Nie Tiankong was very clear that if he killed Wang Jianru it would be equal to severing one of an arm of the King of the Unmoving City of Darkness. This for the Guardian imperial city, which had always wanted to weaken the power of the Unmoving City of Darkness, was undoubtedly a great victory. It can be imagined how much he will be rewarded at that time. He may even be allowed to practice for a few days in the legendary [Immortal World] inside the imperial city.

And along the way, Zhang Longcheng's respectful attitude made Nie Tiankong very satisfied.

All of a sudden——

Boom!

There was a sudden roar of Dao sounds in front of them, which was then followed by a huge wave of battle force.

There were Quasi-emperor experts fighting ahead.

“What's going on?” Nie Tiankong's face darkened. “Bad, some people are ahead of us and want to steal the credit.”

Obviously, it was not only Nie Tiankong that had the [Must Kill Wanted List] to trace down Wang Jianru, and they were one step ahead.

“Lord, we must get there as soon as possible, or the credit will be taken away by others,” Ye Qingyu urged anxiously.

Nie Tiankong no longer concealed his aura, directly transformed into a stream of light and charge ahead, bellowing, “Go.”

Ye Qingyu followed behind.

In a flash, it was already hundreds of kilometers away.

On the dim night, only three figures were seen, and one of them, dressed in a white robe, wielding a long sword, hair loosely scattered and was wounded, still remained calm and did not seem to be at a disadvantage even against two other enemies. Who else could it be besides the female Sword Immortal Wang Jianru.

Ye Qingyu inwardly breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that Wang Jianru was in no life-threatening danger.

But, at this time, in the distance of another direction, there was another stream of light which pierced the air, aura surging like a sea. It was extremely terrifying in strength.

“Hahaha, One will search high and low only to find it when one least expects to, the credit is mine.” The man laughed, breaking into the battle ring in a strong manner.

It was another Quasi-emperor.

“Damn it...” Nie Tiankong sounded very gloomy.

Even with the mind of a Quasi-emperor, at this moment, he still wanted to curse out loud.
What happened? How did the news leak and spread so quickly? It has only been one day but there are so many Quasi-emperors here already. The situation is worse than I thought. It seems that the difficulty of wanting to swallow this credit alone has increased by a lot.

“Damn it...” Ye Qingyu also cursed.

He originally planned to immediately kill all the pursuers and silently bring Wang Jianru away. But now it seemed that he had to change the plan, because there were four dark Quasi-emperors that had shown up. What was worse was that he could clearly feel that, in the distant void, there were several strong, tyrannical auras rushing over frantically. The speed was incredibly fast, and most likely were experts of the Quasi-emperor realm. In the Dark Realm, the number of Quasi-emperors was much more than he had initially imagined. Thus it was impossible to get rid of them all at once.

It seemed like it was time to run.

Boom!

Dao sounds rumbled, terrifying power spreading.

The stone trees within a radius of hundreds of kilometers had instantly turned to fine powder. The Quasi-emperor experts no longer restrained their power as they sent terrifying Dao sounds radiating in all directions. The ground cracked, and a storm of chaos power began to form in the sky.

“Pfff...” Wang Jianru, who fought against three enemies alone, gradually was unable to withstand anymore. She suffered a punch in the back, spurted out a jet of blood and was blasted hundreds of meters away, her body almost exploding.

Ye Qingyu roared upon seeing this, “Special envoy Nie Tiankong, we cannot let her die. Quick, make a move. We must first get rid of the other people, otherwise you will not have a share of this credit...”

Without waiting for Nie Tiankong to answer, Ye Qingyu had already turned into a stream of light, charging onto the battlefield like a lion. With the lift of his hand, three beams of deadly sword light formed in his hand, aiming at the three great Quasi-emperors at the same time. “All get lost, this credit belongs to Special Envoy Nie Tiankong... Die!”

And on the other side, upon hearing this, the expression on Nie Tiankong’s face was quite marvelous——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1116:


Chapter 1131
–
An idiot?



The heavens had pity. Nie Tiankong really wanted all the credit of killing Wang Jianru to fall into his hands, but he did not want to make such a domineering and arrogant appearance. He wanted to hide in the back and wait for the right opportunity.

But now, Ye Qingyu, who came with him, rushed out like a wild lion, and challenged the other Quasi-emperors in the name of Nie Tiankong.

As expected, in an instant, the three Quasi-emperors all looked at Nie Tiankong.

“Oh, so arrogant, tell me to get lost, then let's see what you have.” The Quasi-emperor who appeared later was enraged, retaliated right away.

Boom!

In the void, Dao sounds echoed like a tidal wave.

“Ahh...” Ye Qingyu screamed out tragically. He was sent flying away like a broken kite, while yelling, “Lord Nie Tiankong, avenge me, I can't anymore... kill these three idiots.”

Then his figure slammed heavily into the ground, struggled a few times, and fell motionless.

“Unable to withstand a single blow.” The Quasi-emperor laughed.

Then, like a flash of light, he went straight towards Nie Tiankong.

The other two Quasi-emperors were evidently equally enraged by Ye Qingyu's previous arrogant behaviour. They exchanged a glance and acted at the same time. Both had decided to get rid of Nie Tiankong first since Wang Jianru was already seriously wounded and unable to run away.

Nie Tiankong felt like he had swallowed a dead mouse.

He had done nothing yet had provoked three great enemies. That Zhang Longcheng, was he an idiot, can he not read the situation? Nie Tiankong wanted to spit out blood.

“Everybody, wait a minute...” Nie Tiankong while defending tried to explain something. He did not want to muddle-headedly become a target of everyone.

But at this point, who would listen to his explanation?

The three Quasi-emperors were merciless. Each move launched out was a divine technique or killing move. They wanted to, in the shortest time possible, kill Nie Tiankong, to get rid of a contender. After all, they also sensed that there were more contenders coming in this direction...

“Ah, you really think I am a pushover?” Nie Tiankong continuously tried to explain, but the opponents simply did not stop, and all of a sudden he also retaliated with full force.

Rumble!

Terrifying Dao sounds echoed across the void.

Fortunately, the Dark Realm was strengthened with the laws of the ancient great Emperor, and the structure of the world was stronger and thicker than that of the Vast Thousand Domains. Therefore the battle among the four Quasi-emperors did not really cause the sky or ground to collapse.

“Ahh...” Wounded, Nie Tiankong roared in fury.

After all, he was against three, outnumbered, and soon fell into a disadvantageous position. Even if he had summoned out the five-sided bronze mirror, he seemed like he would soon be in a crisis.

If this continued, Nie Tiankong would be dead soon.

He wanted to turn around to flee, but really couldn’t give up the temptation to kill Wang Jianru. Once he accomplished this, he really could soar to the sky. The opportunity was so close, if he were to run away now, he may never have this chance again in his life.

“Ah ah ah...” Nie Tiankong let out a bellow of race.

He simply hated Zhang Longcheng, the idiot who had completely plunged him into this situation.

Then, a change happened all of a sudden.

Suddenly a figure flashed past, instantly invaded the battle circle, and tackled one of the three great Quasi-emperors that encircled Nie Tiankong.

Nie Tiankong was taken aback for a moment, and when he looked closely, he found that it was Zhang Longcheng.

The Lord of the Central City of Luoshen Ridge, like a madman, was dripping with blood, but still firmly clutched onto the Quasi-emperor and dragged him out of the circle, letting the fists and hammer of the Quasi-emperor pound his body and still did not let go.

“Ahh ahhh, Lord Nie Tiankong, I'll assist you, you can rest assured that I will intercept one of them even if I have to give away my life. The remaining two, I will leave to you. Don't be polite with them, take out your hidden cards. Quick, you don't need to care about me. It doesn't matter if I die, you must accomplish killing Wang Jianru...” Ye Qingyu roared like a madman.

He held the Quasi-emperor like wrestling, spraying out mouthfuls of blood, but still did not let go once.

Nie Tiankong's expression grew complex...

This Zhang Longcheng had really risked his life. Although this guy was a little stupid, he was really loyal. Nie Tiankong was a little moved.

Then, he really summoned out his hidden card.

He had served in the Guardian imperial city before, which could be considered as having an inheritance and a backer. Thus he naturally had some means and foundation, which were deeper than the wild Guardian Quasi-emperors outside.

He summoned out a battle-axe that was stained with blood.

“[Air Destroying Blood Axe]... kill!”

Nie Tiankong bellowed, the blood axe emitting the true terrifying qi of an Emperor, before it turned into a stream of light, swept across, and directly severed one of the Quasi-emperors who had surrounded him into two sections.

This [Air Destroying Blood Axe] evidently contained terrifying power, and even a Quasi-emperor was unable to recover from that blow. Following a scream of horror, his consciousness had turned into a wisp of flowing light, fleeing directly...

“Kill again!”

Nie Tiankong bellowed again. He did not hesitate to exhaust his yuan qi to activate the [Air Destroying Blood Axe] once more.

Boom!

The remaining Quasi-emperor’s Guardian deity bracelet was shattered as an arm was chopped off.

“Ah... the one with the last name Nie, you started the feud.” The Quasi-emperor was full of reluctance, yet had no choice but to retreat. If he were to stay any longer, he most likely would endure sufferings in this stone forest. Before leaving, he roared, “There will be a day when we meet again, the feud will be settled at that time.”

He transformed into a stream of light, disappearing into the distance.

Nie Tiankong drew a deep breath, looking in the direction of Ye Qingyu.

Only to see that Ye Qingyu was already dripping with blood, incomparably miserable looking, and the blood that he spewed out seemed to be mixed with fragments of organs. However he was still clutching onto the Quasi-emperor, unwilling to let go. And that Quasi-emperor was also left with many wounds...

This tragic look could really make one tear up.

“Hold on a little longer.” At this moment, Nie Tiankong felt that he was beast if he did not save Ye Qingyu today. There were few people who would risk their life for him.

He activated the [Air Destroying Blood Axe] to kill again.

That Quasi-emperor roared, tried to struggle, but Ye Qingyu's arms were hooped around him. He looked on helplessly as the blood axe landed on his head, and eventually left him with only his consciousness. He also turned into a stream of light and fled.

Although the consciousness of a Quasi-emperor had a certain degree of combat power, it was after all without a physical body. Thus, against a same level opponent, it would be like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered. Therefore he had no choice but to flee.

“How are you?” Nie Tiankong looked at Ye Qingyu.

“Lord, I did not let you down, I...” Ye Qingyu stammered as though he would lose consciousness anytime, “I...”

“Okay, don't speak, today you have contributed greatly, I will not forget your credit, you will benefit from this,” Nie Tiankong said, panting.

Having continuously operated the [Air Destroying Blood Axe], an Emperor-level weapon, was a great load for him. At this time his body's yuan qi was less than the usual half.

Nie Tiankong turned around.

Carrying the blood axe in his hands, he advanced towards the already seriously injured Wang Jianru, a sinister smile coming onto his face. The Guardian imperial city wanted Wang Jianru dead, which meant he just had to behead her and there was no need to capture her alive. This meant he did not need to do a lot of things.

However, there was a glow in the distance.

In a flash, new Quasi-emperors had come.

“Damn... really fast...” Ye Qingyu, who had been acting all this time, was about to make a move to get rid of Nie Tiankong, but upon seeing this he knew that he could not save Wang Jianru yet and must continue to fake the serious injuries.

In truth, he was gnashing his teeth in anger.

There were too many Quasi-emperors in the Dark Realm, just like cabbages on the side of the road. This was not normal at all. In the Vast Thousand Domains, a Quasi-emperor was almost an invincible existence. But here, how could this many invisible existences appear so casually?

Ye Qingyu also did not know that Wang Jianru had been chased by the Dark Realm for more than half a year and had not been able to return to the Unmoving City of Darkness. In these six months, this female Sword Immortal was like light on a dark night, attracting countless people. The reward offered by the Guardian imperial city's was too excessive to the extent that many of the Guardian nobles were enticed. The Quasi-emperors, who served as esteemed masters in various central cities like Xu Shaohua, were also rushing over like moths flying into a flame. Otherwise, given the strength of Wang Jianru, she would not have come to such a tragic state.

Nie Tiankong's face was so gloomy that water was about to drip out.

He was just about to succeed, but there were contenders meddling again.

“What to do?” Nie Tiankong analyzed his current situation, and knew that if he were to forcibly fight back the gains did not make up for the losses. He clenched his teeth, and attempted to communicate with the Quasi-emperors to simply split the credit, otherwise all efforts would come to nothing.

Who would have thought that, at this time, the seriously wounded and dying City Lord Zhang Longcheng in his eyes, like he was revived, suddenly jumped up and with tyrannical strength charged towards the Quasi-emperors...

An extremely bad feeling, in an instant shrouded the entire body of Nie Tiankong.

“Don't...” He had just opened his mouth.

But at this moment, Ye Qingyu's furious voice sounded, “You have a death wish, hurry get lost. You dare to snatch the credit from Lord Nie Tiankong? Get lost, who dares to meddle is going against my Lord, and will create a feud that won’t end till death...”

He attacked verbally in a very strong manner.

The new Quasi-emperors’ eyes reddened upon hearing this.

Originally they wanted to test the opponents first and suggest to divide the credit equally. After all, they had been chasing Wang Jianru for so many days already and many of them had died along the way. It was a great opportunity, thus it would be better to restrain their greed and work together. Who would have thought that...

This guy called Nie Tiankong was too domineering.

“Die!”

“Let’s get rid of Nie Tiankong together.”

The several Quasi-emperors reached a consensus at once.

And Ye Qingyu, who was in front, naturally instantly become the target of the attack. Countless Dao forces bombarded his body, directly drowning him, blood splattered across the void and Ye Qingyu's mangled body was blasted away...

Nie Tiankong felt like weeping but had no tears.

Zhang Longcheng you idiot. You are loyal, but can you grow a little brain. At this time, but still had to meet force with force...

He could only choose to keep fighting.

Swallowing a divine pill that had been carefully preserved for five hundred years, he restored his yuan qi. Nie Tiankong clenched his teeth and continue to trigger the [Air Destroying Blood Axe]. Now that things had reached this state there was no use to say anymore. Might as well see whose fist was larger and harder.

A battle broke out instantly and immediately intensified.

And on one side, Wang Jianru, who had been secretly taking advantage of the chance to recuperate, finally breathed a sigh of relief and looked much more relaxed than before.

What just happened, she had actually sensed it too.

In fact, she really could not understand the reckless guy. Every time he charged out risking his life, like a fool. How could there be such an idiot on this world? Who would not want to kill her? Only this idiot would sacrifice his life for others...

The moment Wang Jianru opened her eyes, she couldn't help but look in the direction of where the idiot died.

Then she was stunned.

Because, the female Sword Immortal was astonished to find that the idiot was not dead, and was quietly signaling her with his brows. That look, she seemed to have seen it somewhere before——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

