Chapter 25:


Chapter 25 – Training ‘Til The Limits

Ye Qingyu carefully observed the surrounding terrain.

The surrounding terrain could be classified as being fairly open, with boulders and rocks scattered about. Strange unknown trees were sparsely grown on top of the thorny grey grass, stretching out into the distance…

There was a surrounding buzz of mosquitoes, carrying with it a fishy, bloody smell.

From the distance, one was able to see the faces of the ugly jackals devouring a half rotten corpse, surrounded by flies. It would occasionally glance at the group, growling and revealing their bloody fangs. The attitude of these jackals was definitely not friendly.

Death was something that could happen anytime in this wilderness.

This was the wilderness.

Death and killing, are the laws that govern this place.

Compared to the Deer City that was wrapped in flowers and silk, the atmosphere here was the true reality behind this world.

“I have a suggestion. I think we need to work together to overcome the danger in this place, so we can successfully complete the wilderness training!” Yan Xingtian who had remained silent throughout slowly opened his mouth. His tone had a determination that inspired trust in people.

This suggestion received the agreement of part of the group.

But the other leader of this group, Qin Wushuang, only faintly smiled. He did not say anything, but turned around and walked off into the wilderness. His robe drifted about, his black hair flying around in the wind. There was an indescribable sense of confidence and ease emitting from him…

The next instant, there were people behind Qin Wushuang, automatically following him.

Within this following were Song Qingluo, Liu Lei, and several other students from noble families. They obviously long regarded Qin Wushuang as their leader, not even sparing a glance for Yan Xingtian.

“Haha, a bunch of commoner scraps. What kind of people are you, to want to work together with us?” This noble young student gave Yan Xingtian a glare, his face filled with contempt and disdain. He spat a mouthful of saliva on the floor and walked away.

“You…”

A student that stood beside Yan Xingtian could not endure this. Enraged, he was about to rush forward.

But the expression on Yan Xingtian face was calm, without even the slightest trace of anger or resentment. He held the student beside him back, lightly shaking his head.

“Junior Brother Ye, I wonder what your plans are?” Yan Xingtian gestured to Ye Qingyu, saying, “Do you want to act together with us?”

Ye Qingyu thought for a while, then shook his head. “I’m more suited to acting alone. I won’t bother you guys, thank you, Senior Brother Yan for your kind intentions.

“Ye Qingyu, what does this mean? You are also a commoner student, and you reject senior brother Yan?” The dark and thin student that had been suppressed by Yan Xingtian angrily said, “You think that your talent is so good that you can treat everyone with a scowling face? Hmph, Senior Brother Yan only wanted to protect you. Look at your cultivation, its only at the second stage of the ordinary martial stage. If you encounter danger, then you won’t fare well!””

The other students’ gaze when they looked at Ye Qingyu were also filled with dissatisfaction.

Yan Xingtian held up his hands, signaling for everyone to be calm. He said, “Junior Brother Ye has his own plans. I only ask that you be careful and don’t go too far. If you encounter danger, you can set off the signal flares and me and the others will quickly come to your aid.”

“Thank you.” Ye Qingyu cupped his hands in thanks, then turned and walked away in a north-west direction.

Yan Xingtian lightly sighed, then suddenly thought of something. He said, “Junior brother Ye?”

“Hm?” Ye Qingyu turned back.

“You have to be careful of… Liu Lei,” Yan Xingtian said in a suppressed, low voice.

Ye Qingyu was startled, then thankfully nodded his head. “Thank you, Senior Brother Yan, I know what to do.”

Yan Xingtian also nodded his head, not saying anything else. He led the other eight students, walking off towards the north.

This commoner genius who would never smile, had quite clearly become the center and leader of many commoners. In this academy dominated by the wealthy and the nobles, the commoners would huddle together, holding each other for warmth.

Within the history of White Deer Academy, there had been a significant number of exceptional commoners that went on to become famed throughout the entire Snow Country. This was one of the reasons why commoners were still permitted to enter White Deer Academy.

Yan Xingtian had long been recognized as the future leader of the commoners.

It was rumoured that the instant he entered the academy, he attracted the attention and support of many significant members of this demographic.

Since the deterioration of the Ye family, Ye Qingyu could also be counted as a commoner.

But he did not want to waste his precious time, on the conflict between commoners and nobles. He did not automatically get close with the commoner organizations, and in this wilderness training, he also did not want to have too much interactions with either of the groups.

He had long been accustomed to being lonely, so he preferred acting by himself.

……

Walking on the deserted wilderness, Ye Qingyu could feel a surge of excitement building within him.

It was a kind of feeling that made you think you can dive freely in the ocean and soar at will in the sky.

A two-meter green backed wolf followed behind him for several hundred of meters. Perhaps finally sensing that this youth did not pose much of a threat, the green backed wolf decided to attack. As quick as lighting, it pounced towards the back of Ye Qingyu!

The smell of blood emitted from his gaping, bloody mouth.

The claws of the wolf could easily crush boulders.

Ye Qingyu only took a small sidestep, backhanding the wolf with a punch.

The enormous force created a boom-like sound. The head and the claws of the green backed wolf exploded immediately, blood and bone scattering everywhere. The broken body sailed away, not even having the time to cry out.

“This is only a normal wild beast. It does not have any [endowment bones], and its fur is not worth money. From my perspective, it is worthless!”

Ye Qingyu flicked through a book that he obtained from the academy, [The Encyclopedia of Dangerous Things in the Arctic Plains]. On it was detailed information regarding different wild and demonic beasts.

A creature like the green backed wolf had strength comparable to a practitioner at the muscle stage of the ordinary martial stage. In front of Ye Qingyu, it really could not even withstand a single blow.

Ye Qingyu continued walking east for an hour, repeatedly being attacked by tens of different wild beasts and all being easily resolved by him.

Not long after.

In front of him, came the sound of the roaring water.

A river that was over a thousand meters wide appeared in front of Ye Qingyu, like a dragon coiling about on the Arctic plains. The magnificent sounds of the rumbling water thundered through the air, the air surging with heavy mist from the crashing of the river!

“Boundless river, one of the three great rivers of the Arctic plain. It flows for over ten thousand miles, and is one of the most important sources of water for the Arctic plains… Haha, the next several days will be passed here.” There was a faint smile on Ye Qingyu’s face.

He sat on the shore of a small stone hill, observing in all directions. Using the encyclopedia, he recognized the name of this surging river.

Water was the source of life.

Where there was water, there would definitely be a large number of wild beasts that would appear.

This had always been Ye Qingyu’s aim. For him, the objective of wilderness training was not to just survive in the wild. It was to unceasingly battle and battle, constantly raising his strength, killing demonic beasts to obtain [endowment bones] and to obtain academic points when he returned.

Instead of searching passively for the beasts, it was better to guard a tree stump and wait for the rabbits to appear* by the river.

No matter the type of demonic beast, every day it had to come here to drink water. Only by acting then, would he be able to obtain a reward.

This kind of action, in the eyes of many people, would be seen as the actions of a crazy person.

Because, previously the academy had already strictly warned the students. Within the wilderness, a water source was a dangerous area that they must not go near. Once surrounded by wild beasts and demonic beasts that had lost all reasoning, even an expert of the Spirit spring stage, had the possibility of dying.

The actions of Ye Qingyu was extremely risky.

“However, before starting to hunt, I must first find an ideal place that I can attack and defend at the same time…” Ye Qingyu walked alongside the river, looking for a suitable place.

After walking approximately ten miles along the river, the red sun had already set, the sky gradually growing dark.

“Hm? This place, is not bad…”

Ye Qingyu was looking at a shoal in front of him that was comparatively calm and gentle. His eyes brightened. This shoal measured around hundreds of meters, with an open line of sight everywhere around. And, further on, was a strange stone forest** that stretch for several miles all the way to the lush vegetation. It was a place that was suitable for hiding, as well as for fleeing.

Ye Qingyu carefully considered, entering the stone forest to observe for a bit.

The ground was dry, with no sign of decaying vegetation. Therefore, the likelihood of there being poisonous insects were extremely low. To his surprise, under a weird looking stone, he discovered a relatively wide cave with two openings.

It was a perfect hunting spot.

Ye Qingyu settled at this cave.

……

Time quickly passed.

In the blink of an eye, two days had already passed.

Within these two days, Ye Qingyu was constantly in a role of both hunter and prey.

There were several times that he had chosen the wrong target and nearly lost his life. Being chased by powerful demonic beasts, only by hiding in the stone forest could he escape the danger that these beasts posed.

At this moment, Ye Qingyu encountered another target that was hard to deal with.

On the shallow riverside—

“Die!”

Ye Qingyu’s body was covered with blood, turning and punching the golden python’s head directly. It immediately caused the python to fall back, and using this opportunity, he quickly retreated to avoid being wrapped around by the golden python.

“Golden dragon python, a two-star demonic beast. Its venomous fluids are well known, and its specialty is constricting its prey and strangling it to death…” Information regarding the golden python quickly flashed through his mind.

Two-star demonic beasts had a battle ability comparable to a Spirit spring expert.

But the intelligence of beast was not high. Only by relying on its battle instinct, there was still a considerable difference between the beast and a true Spirit spring expert.

This was also one of the reasons that made Ye Qingyu dare to challenge it.

The other reason was that Ye Qingyu’s cultivation had already reached the fifth stage of the ordinary martial stage and he needed to cleanse his bone marrow of impurities. The technique that he was training in was the [Dragon stance], and the blood of this dragon python had an extremely beneficial effect on his training.

Ye Qingyu had already noticed this dragon python for over a day.

This python was extremely tyrannical around this piece of the river, as if it was the overlord of this piece of land. It had already appeared for quite a few times previously, entering the churning waters to hunt, evidently liking the taste of freshwater fish. After eating it’s full, it would lie on the beach, basking in the sun!

Through the battle of the dragon python with other creatures, Ye Qingyu had already estimated the highest battle strength of the dragon python. With this in mind, he had chosen to taken action today.

The strength of the dragon python was extremely high.

There were several times that Ye Qingyu were nearly constricted and strangled to death.

But only through fighting to your limits, till you were at the boundary between life and death, could you truly raise your power.

*Chinese idiom, meaning to wait idly for opportunities **Huh, you learn something new everyday. This is what the stone forest of China looks like.

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/Shilin_Stone_Forest_01.JPG

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 26:


Chapter 26 – Golden Clam

In the previous two days, Ye Qingyu had already undergone over a hundred battles of various dimensions. He had killed numerous strange wild beasts and demonic beasts causing his body to be littered with injuries. There had been several times where his bones had fractured and he had vomited blood, very close to being dead.

Thankfully, he was mostly recovered due to his nameless breathing technique. Not only could it help him rapidly replenish his energy, it also allowed him to have an extremely shocking rate of recovery from injuries. Otherwise, he would have long died if not for this fact.

Of course, the constant killing and fighting also brought huge benefits for Ye Qingyu.

Before setting out from the academy, Ye Qingyu was at the fourth stage of the ordinary martial stage after training in the [Gliding Eagle stance] that teacher Wen Wan passed onto him. After changing the entire volume of blood in his body and cleansing the impurities present within his blood, he was finally at the blood stage. When cultivated along with his nameless breathing technique, the progress was excellent.

Two days of battle had made Ye Qingyu break past the fourth stage, and into the fifth stage – bone marrow stage.

In less than one month of time, without having any foundations in the martial path, to enter into the fifth stage of the ordinary martial stage could not be described as progressing quickly anymore. The advancement was so fast that it was preposterous.

Thankfully, the monthly testing of first years had not arrived yet, and Ye Qingyu did not show his true level yet. Apart from the burly teacher Wen Wan, no one else knew what stage he had already reached.

Otherwise, it would cause a huge commotion.

And the way to train in the fifth stage of ordinary martial stage, was to change the bone marrow. This was essentially transforming your very essence, making your body go from a Houtian state to a Xiantian state.

Of the [Eight Divine Stances], the [Dragon stance] was the one most suitable for this type of cultivation.

Before coming to the Arctic plains, Wen Wan had already taught Ye Qingyu the [Dragon stance].

After killing the golden dragon python and obtaining the blood of the reptile, it would allow the training speed of Ye Qingyu to go even faster.

“Ssss… Tssss”

The golden dragon python stuck out its tongue, hissing. After being struck by Ye Qingyu, it seemed slightly dazed and did not continue to attack.

But it’s twenty-meter-long body, slowly started to surround him. The blood-like scent in the air that it emitted was poisonous and could cause a normal person to faint or vomit.

It was an extremely formidable prey.

Ye Qingyu was topless, and on his tanned muscles were lines upon lines of scars, looking extremely fearsome.

These scars were all obtained through the battles he engaged in these two days. Some were from scratches and some were from bites. Some scars had not yet fully healed, and reopened during the battle, dripping fresh blood everywhere.

“The golden dragon python is descended from the divine dragon, and has within it a hint of the dragon’s bloodline. It has the opportunity to truly evolve into a dragon in the future, but the golden dragon python in front of me…” Ye Qingyu carefully observed his opponent.

He had already judged that this golden dragon python did not have any possible chance of transforming into a dragon. The dragon bloodline was too thin, and this python’s blood was too impure.

“Even though it is impure, but even a tiny strand of Dragon’s blood can aid me in mastering the [Dragon stance] and allow me to transform my bone marrow entirely… Furthermore, this python is a demonic beast, it must contain an [endowment bone] within its body.”

A determination to battle burned within Ye Qingyu’s eyes.

His entire body was splattered with blood and his aura was already vaguely giving off a killing pressure.

“SssSss…” The golden dragon python was enraged, preparing to attack again.

Ye Qingyu decided not to drag this battle out any longer.

Using the footwork that he learnt from Liu Lei, his movements were like lightning and easily avoided the strike of the python.

The next instant, Ye Qingyu was already tens of meters away. One hand reaching behind his back, he took out the [Inexorable spear] from its black holster.

In both hands, he held the two parts of the spear facing in an opposing direction.

With a snap, the mechanism activated. A three-meter-long spear was formed.

Xiu!

The spear stabbed forward.

A cold tip, fast as lightning.

The golden python was still in midair, and had no way of avoiding the strike. The spear penetrated through the python, seven inches down from its neck. The steel-like scales were pierced like tofu, and the enormous impact sent the thousand-pound body of the python directly flying back.

One strike one kill!

The golden python was nailed to the ground. The large body spasmed for a few seconds then stopped. It was completely dead.

Ye Qingyu pulled his spear from the ground.

His battle power had exponentially multiplied since obtaining a suitable weapon.

Demonic beasts whose classification was under two stars, once Ye Qingyu decided to use the [Inexorable spear], could always nearly be killed in one strike. In front of the terrifying herculean strength of Ye Qingyu, the demonic beasts’ actions were akin to walking to its doom.

Ye Qingyu stabbed the spear into the ground and took out a blue edged dagger, beginning to dissect the corpse.

The dagger was named [Cold Steel], and was gifted by Wen Wan. It seemed like it was once a Spirit weapon, but the rune formation on it had long been destroyed. The material of the dagger was excellent though, and could cut through steel like mud. It was perfect for dissecting demonic beasts.

A jade vial of the purest python blood was extracted from the corpse.

After experiencing two days of dissecting countless corpses, Ye Qingyu’s actions were extremely competent and practiced.

“Golden dragon python’s brain? It’s only about the size of a fist, and can be used to resist poison. It can be counted as a good object…”

“The snake skin also needs to be carefully preserved, it can be exchanged for some academic points… Hm?”

“The snake meat has within it the essence of spirit energy from Heaven and Earth. It is definitely a nourishing supplement; I must not waste it…”

“The fangs of the golden dragon python, hmph, I guess it has some value…”

“Haha, the poisonous venom of this python can also be exchanged for academic points!”

Ye Qingyu began to grow excited.

The corpse of a two-star demonic beast was filled with treasures. In the [The Encyclopedia of Dangerous Things in the Arctic Plains] it listed all the riches that each demonic beast possessed which Ye Qingyu had long memorized.

In this world, the reason why there were so many crazy people attempting to go into the chaos of the dangerous areas and discover new regions was because countless wealth and riches was born from danger. In a world where everything revolved around the martial way, even the corpses of demonic beasts were a treasure, not to mention the countless treasures of Heaven and Earth that would be found in these dangerous areas.

White Deer Academy, through using this method of exchanging items for academic points, began to prepare the students for the rules of this world.

“Hm? Why is there not an [endowment bone], how is this possible Little [endowment bone], where are you, quickly come out…” Ye Qingyu complained, muttering to himself.

Suddenly—

“Eh? What is this? Such a large… This is… Ah, so this fellow swallowed a clam previously…”

Ye Qingyu was slightly taken aback.

Within the stomach of the golden python, he discovered a bump. After slicing it open, he found it was a golden clam that was already dead. It was about two meters wide, and although the outer shell had already been digested a little by the stomach acid of the python, it was still brilliant looking as if it was a golden sculpture.

So this was why he felt that in the previous battle, the golden dragon python was not as agile as what was described in the Encyclopedia. The python had swallowed the golden clam into its stomach not long ago and hence this had an effect on its agility.

But…

This golden clam also looked slightly strange.

In the [The Encyclopedia of Dangerous Things in the Arctic Plains], there was not any mention of such a clam. It only said that within the river there were over ten thousand species of river lifeforms, and over a hundred species of clams. The majority of clams were either black or yellow, without the book mentioning a clam that was gilded by gold like a rich person.

“Haha, could it be that this clam, is a king among clams?”

Ye Qingyu began laughing loudly.

He was curious and wanted to open the clam shell, to see if there were any night pearls or anything similar. This type of clam, could also be counted as a demonic beast, perhaps it had an [endowment bone] in it?

The clam shell was extremely sturdy. Ye Qingyu’s arm could at least lift ten thousand pounds of weight, but only after exerting all his strength could he manage to pry the shell open.

Suddenly, a jewel-like radiance shined through the crack of the shell.

Ye Qingyu lowered his head to peer through the opening that he had created. He saw three pearls, around the size of a chicken’s egg, rolling around in the inside of the clam’s shell. It shimmered with a peculiar light, and there was an indistinct energy fluctuation that Ye Qingyu could not make heads or tails of.

Ye Qingyu reached in and took all three of the pearls out.

“Eh?” He was taken aback again.

This was due to the fact that the sensation of each of these pearls were different from one another. One was extremely cold, one was slightly hot to the touch and one was warm like jade.

After observing in detail, the hot pearl was tinged with red, while the cold pearl was shaded in black and the warm pearl was translucent like a beauty’s skin.

Ye Qingyu could not determine what the value or uses of these three pearls were, but he could definitely sense it was not ordinary. After fiddling with the pearls for a bit, he stowed it away, deciding to ask someone when he returned to White Deer Academy.

After considering for a bit, he resumed his search for an [endowment bone] within the clam.

An [endowment bone] was the Xiantian bone within a demonic beast’s body. On these bones, there were marks and patterns of Heaven and Earth that were naturally formed. Through these marks and patterns, one could control the Spirit energy within the air and activate different powers and abilities. It was an extremely wondrous item.

It was one of the key differences between a wild beast and a demonic beast.

Due to the existence of [endowment bones], demonic beasts became strong. It was said that the runes and scriptures of the human race were formed from observing the pattern on [endowment bones]. Through generations and generations of development and discovery, these renowned runes then became famed throughout the entire human race.

[Endowment bones] had always been one of the most precious and fundamental materials for the runes that the entire human race utilized.

It was said that there were not two of the same [endowment bone] anywhere in the world. Even if an [endowment bone] was obtained from the same species, it would not be alike. Sometimes, it was possible that a weak demonic beast’s [endowment bone] could give birth to a powerful rune.

And according to legend, apart from its uses in experimentation, [endowment bones] were also an important resource for cultivation. Some truly strong experts, through using different [endowment bones] in a formation, could demonstrate strength comparable to a killing god.

Therefore, the value of an [endowment bone] had never been low.

Perhaps within this golden clam, there was also the existence of a valuable [endowment bone]. Then, he could exchange it for a significant number of academic points… “Hehe,” after thinking about this, Ye Qingyu could not help but giggle with excitement.

But after searching for a while, he discovered that there was nothing like an [endowment bone] within the clam.

He then carefully examined the clam shell, confirming that there were not any patterns or marks on the shell.

“It looks like I was too greedy…”

The golden clam was originally extremely peculiar and definitely not normal. It was hard to determine whether it was even a demonic beast, so as for whether it possessed an [endowment bone] was even more out of the question.

When Ye Qingyu was about to give up, his hand in the shell suddenly touched a hard object.

“Eh? This is…have I finally found it?”

Ye Qingyu was immediately overjoyed, grabbing hold of a corner of the object and dragged it out.

But after seeing it, Ye Qingyu was dumbfounded.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 27:


Chapter 27 – Bronze book

It was not an [endowment bone].

Under the sunlight, it gleamed with a bronze glow. This was different from what Ye Qingyu had imagined. This was not an [endowment bone], but it was a bronze object. It was rectangular in appearance, six by three inches and was less than two inches thick…

“This is… a Bronze book?”

Ye Qingyu examined it in length and discovered that this object really was a very finely crafted bronze-coloured book. The outside appearance was extremely miniature, about the size of a palm but the weight was definitely significant. It weighed at least five hundred pounds and was made from an unknown material since it was definitely not bronze if it was that heavy.

Of course, the most peculiar point was that it came from the shell of a clam. How was it possible that a clam could produce such an object?

This was really strange.

Ye Qingyu began to feel that this was really too coincidental. If the dragon python did not dive into the river and swallow the clam, there was no way that he could have entered and obtained this object.

And as for where the golden clam had obtained the Bronze book, this was even harder to guess.

He thought for a while, then returned the shell of the golden clam back into the turbulent waters. Then using the fastest speed possible, he finished dissecting the dragon python. Carefully erasing all traces of the battle and hints about the golden clam, he then left.

After ten breaths of time.

Ye Qingyu returned to the cavern within the strange stone forest.

He blocked the two entrances of the cavern using boulders to prevent wild beasts from entering. He then took out the strange Bronze book, and using the cracks of light from the blocked entrance, began examining it in detail.

The book was about the size of a grown adult’s palm, and the book did not have any patterns or inscriptions. On the cover, there were five strange, ancient characters engraved. It did not seem like it was the writing of the Snow Country, and Ye Qingyu was not able to recognize what language the writing was.

When Ye Qingyu was about to open the Bronze book, he discovered that the book was like a solid block of metal. It could not be opened at all.

After trying for several times, he gave up.

“Can it be a divine book?” Ye Qingyu said with a laugh.

When he was small, he had heard his parents tell him stories about divine books. It was rumoured that a divine book knew everything five thousand years in the future and five thousand years in the past. A divine book was born from Heaven and Earth. But it was only a passing thought, the possibility of it being a divine book was not high

Ye Qingyu stored away the Bronze book. He decided that he would investigate the five characters when he returned to White Deer Academy before deciding on anything.

He took the blood of the golden dragon python and along with the [Dragon stance], started to try to break through to the consummate fifth stage of the ordinary martial stage.

The application of the dragon python’s blood was to ingest it through the mouth.

The purest dragon python’s blood smelled bloody but once it entered the mouth, it gave off a sweet fragrance. After, a strange warm energy began to flow down the esophagus and throughout all four limbs.

Ye Qingyu sat in a meditative stance.

The [Dragon stance] was different from the [Serpentine stance] or the [Bear stance]. It was not trained through stances or movement, but was instead cultivated through an internal manner. It needed a special way of breathing that vibrated the blood within the body, and through these vibrations, it refined and strengthened the bone marrow.

In reality, when one reached the fifth or sixth stage of the ordinary martial stage, training changed from refining your external physique to your internal body. It focused on the internal power, and only through doing this could sense and activate the Xiantian energy within you when you reached the peak of the ordinary martial stage. This would allow you to comprehend a higher level of spirit power.

As Ye Qingyu breathed in and out, an indistinct low growling sound seemed to emit from his body. It was as if it was the roar of a dragon that cried unceasingly, bringing with it an aura of might and power that made it seem as if there really was a dragon hidden within his body.

This was the [Dragon stance].

Time passed, second by second.

Outside the cavern, the sun had already set and a sea of fog had descended throughout the plains.

The dragon’s roar within Ye Qingyu’s body began to become clearer and clearer.

His thick black hair started shifting without any gusts of wind. Strand by strand, it slowly floated. Occasionally there would be small pebbles and debris that would fall from the roof of the cavern, but when it was a foot away from Ye Qingyu, it would rebound away like it had encountered an invisible barrier!

Finally—

Ang—-!

As the loudest dragon’s roar so far sounded, Ye Qingyu’s body trembled once. Then a series of sounds akin to beans popping began. There were droplets of black impurities that began to emit from the pores of his skin, his body slowly being cleansed…

Ye Qingyu opened his eyes.

His face had a smile that was filled with satisfaction.

“Haha, the blood of the golden dragon python is definitely not ordinary. It has helped me reach the consummate stages of the fifth stage. I already have one foot in the sixth stage! Haha, if someone with a strength similar to that of Liu Lei encountered me again, I could destroy them with only one of my hand!”

Ye Qingyu’s confidence was greatly boosted.

His current strength could be said to have explosively grown by passing through a small stage in the ordinary martial stage. Just through using his fists, he could easily defeat anyone in the sixth stage of the ordinary martial stage. If he used the [Inexorable spear], then he could even fight with someone at the Spirit spring stage.

“Before the end of the wilderness training, there are still three more days. I have to hurry and achieve some success in the sixth stage before returning to White Deer Academy — if I’m at the Organ stage, then in the upcoming monthly examination, I will definitely have a chance!”

Ye Qingyu calculated in his mind.

Of the [Eight Divine Stances], the [Tuo** stance] was the training method most suited for refining and training the six major organs in the human body. A Tuo, according to legend, was a creature that was similar to a tortoise and an alligator. It was born in the ocean and had an extremely long lifespan, and had the best method to care for and protect its internal organs. It was said that this type of creature, even if it did not move and turned into a fossil, its internal organs would still be functioning!

Before leaving, the burly teacher also taught Ye Qingyu the [Tuo stance].

During the leftover days, Ye Qingyu could begin training in it.

He began organizing the things he had within the cavern. He had already collected over thirty-one [endowment bones] that were obtained from different demonic beasts. His loot was extremely respectable, and adding to the other items that he had obtained from the demonic beasts, his interdimensional pouch was nearly full.

“I have already completed the practical battle segment of the wilderness training, and there is no longer a need to do battle. I have accumulated enough practical battle experience…” Ye Qingyu carefully considered.

He believed that until today, the other members of the group, would definitely not recklessly seek out and hunt demonic beasts like he had done. Even if they added all their battles together, it would still not compare to how many fights he had encountered.

The next three days, what he needed to do was to meditate and cultivate with the utmost care. On one hand, beginning to train in the [Tuo stance] and on the other hand, to reflect upon the battles he had during the previous days.

“But before this, I should go to the river and collect water and prepare food…” Ye Qingyu was about to seclude himself in the cavern.

Under the moonlight, Ye Qingyu moved the boulder away from the entrance. Using the light of the moon, he had just exited the cavern when suddenly the sounds of footsteps travelled over.

People?

Ye Qingyu’s heart thudded.

At this time, voices could be heard.

“Motherfucker, that little trash. Where has he ran to, we’ve searched for three days and we still can’t find him…” a loud and angry voice carried over.

It was Liu Lei’s voice.

Ye Qingyu hesitated, instantly erasing all thoughts of going out and greeting the people. He retreated further into the shadows, completely hiding his presence into the long foliage.

Song Xiaojun and Yan Xingtian had warned that Liu Lei would try to enact vengeance on Ye Qingyu during the wilderness training. It looks like this warning was true…

Ye Qingyu carefully inspected the group.

Under the moonlight, he could see three figures slowly approaching.

The one in the lead had a tall and lanky figure, with a face filled with rage. It was Liu Lei. The two beside him seemed to be slightly older and according to their clothing, seemed to be second year students. Why did they come to the first year training area?

Could it be?

“Young master Liu, don’t worry, there are still three days within the training for me and Yuandong. During that time, we will definitely accompany you and find Ye Qingyu. To take care of a first year freshmen is definitely easily achieved!” the slightly chubby figured second year spoke.

“Yes, wait till we find him. I’ll personally break his four limbs! Then, you can humiliate and play with him all you want young master Liu, to take out your anger!” The second year student with short, fire red hair had a cruel smile.

“Motherfucker, I will definitely torture him, I will definitely torture him till he dies!” Liu Lei said, grinding his teeth.

Under the lighting of the moon, his young face had an indescribable sinister and malevolent quality to it. It was as if he was a spiteful ghost that had crawled from his grave for revenge.

“Haha, if young master Liu wants to play with him till he dies, isn’t it even easier than crushing an ant?” The chubby second year student started laughing loudly.

“That’s true. This is just the perfect opportunity, I’ve heard the supervisor Blue Sky has gone crazy again during these past few days. He directly went to the source of the boundless river, and turned the holy ground of the demonic beasts [Golden water palace] upside down. It even forced the golden dragon king to deal with him personally! Everyone is chasing Blue Sky right now, to retrieve the treasure that he stole from the [Golden water palace]. Haha, that crazy person!”

“That’s right, I estimate that Blue Sky is fleeing right now like a dog. He definitely does not have the energy or time to care about the safety of the students!” the fire-red hair student said with a smile.

Liu Lei nodded his head. “This is an opportunity sent by the heavens. I must kill Ye Qingyu this time, or I will never be able to rest!”

“As long as we do it cleanly, the academy will not be able to link this to us. Hehe!” The chubby teenager fanned the flames.

“A bunch of commoner scraps, they dared to provoke me…” Liu Lei said hatefully and resolutely. “After I’ve killed the trash, I will go to the tomb of his parents and dig it up! I will make them all turn into lonely souls!”

From far away.

After hearing this, Ye Qingyu murderous intent exploded.

No one could touch his parent’s graves.

It was you who provoked me without reason, and said that it won’t end till one of us dies. Last time I already went easy on you, and now you are so vicious to bring people to kill me… Liu Lei, you are courting death yourself!

Ye Qingyu slowly held the two parts of the [inexorable spear].

“Haha, rest assured young master Liu. Me and Dongchen have already broken through and have one step in the Spirit spring stage. Although we have not yet established the source of a Spirit spring in our Dantian**, but we are already well qualified to deal with a little scum that only knows how to use brute strength!”

“That’s right, that’s right. When we’ve found him, we will definitely slowly torture him to death!”

The three people discussed calmly and blandly, as if they were really going to kill an ant.

At this time.

Under the moonlight, from far away, a teenager approached without fear.

“Is that really so? No need to find me. I’ve already come.” Ye Qingyu appeared, his eyes cold. Both his hands held a spear each. He was like a killing god under the moon, coming straight for them.

The three people were shocked by his sudden appearance.

*. Here’s a picture of a Tuo **abdomen where qi resides

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 28:


Chapter 28 – I’ll Wait for You in the Yellow River

When they recovered and were able to recognize the person in front of them, Liu Lei was dumbfounded for a moment then starting laughing maniacally. “Ye Qingyu? You’ve heard what we said… Haha, a thing that doesn’t know what death is, you’ve actually come out. Good, today I will make you beg for life and death!”

“He is Ye Qingyu?” The chubby second year’s gaze swept past him, his face sinister. “Why speak so much with such a commoner trash, capture him then we’ll speak.”

Before he had finished.

The slightly chubby teenager charged.

His footwork was profound and his figure extremely agile. His hands grabbed at something from the air, and suddenly a sword giving off a cold light appeared in his hands. His sword move was like lightning, stabbing straight for Ye Qingyu’s throat.

Fast!

Accurate!

Ruthless!

These three words were demonstrated fully within this sword strike.

The chubby teenager deserved to be a second year student. He could already sense the energy within Heaven and Earth and his strength was extremely powerful. As the saying goes, ‘Once a veteran makes a move, then you’ll know whether he has it.’ His strength was definitely much stronger than a normal first year!

If it was a few days earlier, to face such an opponent, Ye Qingyu would definitely be hard pressed.

But right now…

Boom!

A huge noise was produced.

Ye Qingyu’s wrists moved, swiping the spear across and counter striking, meeting the sword in mid-air. All of a sudden, bright orange sparks appeared in the moonlit night.

The chubby teenager could only feel a heat between his thumb and forefinger. Then, the spirit weapon in his hand was bent forcefully till it resembled a snake. With an explosion of sound, the sword shattered, pieces of it stabbing into his body!

“Wa….”

He spat out a mouthful of blood, his complexion as terrified as a dog, quickly retreating.

But in the next instant, Ye Qingyu pressed forward. The spear in his left hand again swept forward, causing a violent turbulence in the air, as if it had the power of a surging river behind the strike!

The chubby teenager did not have time to avoid and was struck in the stomach. Instantly, the cracking and snapping sounds of ribs could be heard. His entire person was like a kite that had been cut, soaring through the air and landing on a boulder far off in the distance.

“You…” The chubby teenager stared dumbly at Ye Qingyu, his face filled with disbelief

He could not even formulate a whole sentence. His whole body spasmed, the bones in his body were nearly all broken. All five of his internal organs suffered internal bleeding, and his breathing was irregular. It seemed he would not live for much longer!

The series of moves was too fast.

In the time it takes for a spark to ignite, like a hawk catching a rabbit, Ye Qingyu completely crushed the chubby teenager with the force of roaring thunder. It gave no time for Liu Lei or the youth with the fire red hair to react.

“This…”

“How is it possible?”

The two were completely dumbfounded.

They had never thought that this would happen to the three of them. Originally, they were hunting a lamb when they searched for Ye Qingyu, a simple task. But who would have thought that their weak prey did not turn into a lamb but instead into a vicious wolf, turning their roles around!

Seeing his strike succeed, Ye Qingyu did not hesitate. He threw the spear in his left hand like a javelin.

A cold light flashed.

The spear was like black lightning under the moonlight.

Instantly, goose bumps appeared on the fire-red-haired teenager. It was the premonition of death. This made him react in the quickest time, instinctively swinging his weapon!

Boom!

Another huge impact.

When the sword hit the spear, it did not do as the fire-red-haired teenager imagined. Instead of sending it flying, it only altered the course of the projectile slightly.

The spear stabbed through the left breast of the red-haired teenager.

With the accompaniment of sparks, cracks appeared on the sword. This could demonstrate how great the impact actually was. The spear carried with it a huge residual force, sending the fire-red-haired teenager several tens of meters back and nailing him on a towering stone pillar far off in the distance!

Blood flowed everywhere!

The fire-red-haired teenager’s eyes were filled with despair, howling like a jackal.

And nearly at the same time, the spear in Ye Qingyu’s right hand was like a torrential rainstorm, coming towards Liu Lei.

Within the dark night, killing intent was everywhere.

From when he started to act, Ye Qingyu had already decided that he would leave no one alive. He did not want to give the three time to breathe and recover at all. First he would destroy the strongest two of the group, the second years. Then he would take care of Liu Lei, who was not his opponent at all!

“Aaaaaaaaa…..”

Liu Lei screamed like a madman. The sword in his hands swirled in patterns, wanting to block the meteorite-like strike of the spear.

But very quickly, the steel sword became steel debris that scattered throughout the sky.

In Liu Lei’s hand, only a bare sword handle was left.

Even if it was only half of the [Inexorable spear] it still weighed over six hundred pounds. Pair that up with the explosive herculean power of Ye Qingyu, the combat power that it can produce was at this moment, invincible.

This type of power, was completely impossible to withstand for Liu Lei.

It was also not something that a steel sword was able to withstand.

Pu!Pu!Pu!

Crimson blood started spurting from wounds on his body.

In the blink of an eye, he had been hit by ten spear strikes!

“You… dare kill me?” Liu Lei screamed hoarsely, retreating backwards frantically.

“To kill you, is like killing an ant!” Ye Qingyu advanced, the spear in his hand swinging as if he was about to kill an insect.

These words were said by Liu Lei and the others and now Ye Qingyu repeated their words.

“The supervising teacher is near. Hahaha, you dare kill your fellow students, if the academy knows then you are dead for sure…” Liu Lei screamed mournfully, trying to use words to affect Ye Qingyu’s mentality. He was trying to delay his death.

“Really? I’ve heard from someone that the supervising teacher has encountered some trouble, and can’t pay attention to the group members…” Ye Qingyu coldly smiled, not being moved in the slightest.

If not for this news, Ye Qingyu would never have decided to fight with them. This was due to the fact that White Deer Academy was extremely harsh towards killings between students.

“Aaaaaaaa… intricate spirit cover, open…” Liu Lei screamed frantically.

At this time—

Suddenly, the jade pendant that Liu Lei had on his waist, glowed with splendour. It formed an arc-like barrier and with a clunk, blocked the killing blow of Ye Qingyu!

Ye Qingyu’s facial expression did not change. His second killing blow struck out again like a bolt of lightning.

He had long calculated that wealthy students would have items that would protect their lives in critical moments. But it could not stop Ye Qingyu’s burning killing intent. When Liu Lei had said that he would dig up his parents’ graves, Ye Qingyu had decided, he would not give any chance for Liu Lei to live on in this world. No matter the sacrifice or price that he would have to pay!

Ding!Ding!Ding!

The [Inexorable spear] was like a hammer weighing over ten thousand pounds. It repeatedly struck the barrier, the terrifying impact sending Liu Lei stuttering back several steps and flying backwards.

“You commoner slave… You have guts…” Liu Lei continued to try and threaten Ye Qingyu.

“To kill a trash, why do I need guts?” Ye Qingyu’s strength increased explosively. His spear stabbed out, violently advancing. The crude and rough metal tip caused sparks to appear in the air from the friction with the barrier.

Crack!

As if an invisible glass had shattered, the rune formation around Liu Lei was finally broken.

Liu Lei’s face turned pale, and was about to say something…

Ye Qingyu’s spear stabbed out, blood flowing as if crimson flowers were blooming. With a few snaps, he broke the limbs of Liu Lei.

“Aaa, Aaaaaaa…” Liu Lei howled

Ye Qingyu stepped forward, the tip of the spear touching Liu Lei’s throat.

“Aaaaa, aaaaaaaa …” Liu Lei spurted out a mouthful of blood, then began laughing maniacally. “You… You won’t dare to kill me, the Liu family will not let you go… I have a peerage, if you kill me, then you’ll become a prosecuted criminal of the entire Snow Country!”

“If I don’t kill you, I won’t be able to rest in peace.” Ye Qingyu’s tone was calm and peaceful. He said, “Previously, it was you who intentionally provoked me in the practice grounds. You wanted to use that sparring opportunity to cripple me. I only broke one of your arm and that was me going easy on you. Who would have thought you would go and find people to kill me…”

“Haha, I am nobility! Since you have dared injure me, you deserve to die!” Liu Lei said bitingly.

“Really? Since if you live, then you will use various means to attempt to kill me, then if I just kill you, no one will bother me.” Ye Qingyu began to laugh. “To take care of a crazy dog, you must exterminate it without a shred of leniency!”

After saying this, Ye Qingyu could suddenly sense something. He coldly snorted, swinging the spear and hitting a boulder near him.

Boom!

The mountain-like boulder was hurled away by the explosive impact. Like it was Mt Tai, it pressed down on the fire-red-haired youth that was trying to escape, trapping him under the boulder. It crushed him into pulp, with only one leg outside the boulder, twitching.

This second year student, after being stabbed through the chest was still not dead. The life force of someone who had half a step in the Xiantian stage was definitely astounding. Through a moment’s carelessness, Ye Qingyu had nearly allowed him to escape!

“I’ve already killed two, it doesn’t matter if I kill one more.” Ye Qingyu had already decided. He would not leave any trouble unresolved.

“You…” Even though Liu Lei was crazy, he was still at the most a youth at his teens. He finally began to feel fear. “You can’t kill me, at the most I will never seek to trouble you ever again!”

“Haha, you say people are stupid, but what about you? You are the true idiot here, I’ve already killed two of your dogs, would I spare you?” Ye Qingyu’s gaze held contempt as he looked down. He said, “You must know what is killing someone to silence them forever right? Even if I believed that you will not bother me again in the future, I would still kill you!”

Liu Lei was speechless.

For the first time, fear appeared on his face.

That’s right, Ye Qingyu had already killed two second year students. To prevent news of this leaking, he will definitely not let me go… It was a situation where he was sure to die.

“I’m sorry, you forced me.” Ye Qingyu did not want to say anything more. To prevent a ‘long night with many dreams*’, his spear acted. Before Liu Lei could say anything more, the spear stabbed him through the left chest directly into his heart.

“You… will die painfully… I have a marking on my body, by killing me… The Liu family will find out in the first instant. Haha, I’ll wait for you by the yellow river road**!” At his last moment, Liu Lei cursed Ye Qingyu, filled with despair and fear, his eyes staring unblinkingly at him.

Ye Qingyu frowned.

He had already heard that some noble families would place a Spirit marking on their children. If their children were killed, then the marking would transfer onto the body of the killer. The marking could not be washed off, so the perpetrator could be found sooner or later.

If it really was like that, then it would be troublesome.

Ye Qingyu looked at the grey and dull sky. It looks like a storm was going to arrive. He needed to erase all traces of evidence and leave.

*Chinese idiom: means that the longer that you leave something unresolved, the more troubles you will encounter.

** where Chinese people believe souls will end up

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

