Chapter 553:


“The Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower...The second strike.”

Like the voice of judgement, these words sounded from the mouth of Liu Shaji.

His voice had just fell.

When a petal quivered a few times, before detaching from the base of the lotus beneath Liu Shaji.

Lightly and gracefully, like petals brought swirling in the air by a spring breeze, it was gentle and soft, without the slightest trace of killing intent.

For a moment, the wind wandering in the void seemed to have become a stream of a river, gently carrying the petals over to the direction of He Ju.

He Ju’s inner heart trembled.

He felt an aura of extreme danger.

Not good!

He did not hold back anymore, bringing out the divine weapon that he had prepared beforehand.

He Ju, with his finger, drew a huge circle from the bottom to top in the air, and suddenly a water ripple illusion appeared.

In the center of the sparkling ripples slowly spreading out, was an eight-jeweled mirror slowly rising into the air.

The mirror surface was smooth and spotless, without a speck of dust, the eight pieces of different coloured jewels embedded in the frame were each flashing a different coloured brilliance.

On the frame the two silver dragon paintings were lifelike, and at this moment were slowly wandering around the edge of the frame, like a living creature.

He Ju shone the eight jewel mirror in the direction that the white lotus petal was drifting over.

Strange changes took place on the mirror surface.

One.

Two.

Three.

Beams of colourful light shot out from the mirror.

A total of 10 different colours of light rays shot out, enveloping the entire situation Storm Platform.

The originally dark platform surface was suddenly flashing multi-coloured lights like coloured glass.

“The finest divine weapon!”

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

Looking at the mirror in the hands of He Ju, he knew right away that the light emitted from the mirror was more than just light rays.

Upon closer examination, each ray of light was covered with a different formation marking, and different formation markings were emitting a different luster.

This was a higher grade divine weapon than the Sun and Moon Wheel.

Ye Qingyu looked at He Ju, then at the other people of Greater One Sect.

He never thought that in the last moment, the hidden card that He Ju kept to save his life was another divine weapon.

From this it can be seen that Greater One Sect in these thousands of years had collected many unusual top-class divine weapons that other sects have been searching for.

Therefore, it was evident the Greater One Sect had massacred many sects of Clear River Domain and had killed and destroyed numerous innocent disciples.

Behind each one of the divine weapons were the bones and spirits of countless disciples.

At this moment, the white and multi-colored lights on the Storm Platform were too dazzling to distinguish apart. Some lower level experts could only see chaos before them and blinding light, and had no choice but to snap their eyes shut.

Only some of the higher level experts could operate enough yuan qi to withstand the brightness, using yuan qi power to force open their eyes to see what was happening on the stage.

There were already a number of sects that recognized this eight jeweled mirror.

This piece of higher-ranking divine weapon that He Ju had left to protect his life. Would it be able to protect He Ju till the last moment, everyone’s minds were swirling with such thoughts and speculations.

……

On the Storm Platform.

The white petal that was floating in the wind had reached the light rays of the eight jeweled mirror.

“Hmph.”

A faint ripple of a mocking laughter came from Liu Shaji.

The white petal softly and gently could be seen penetrating through layer after layer of the multi-colored light rays, without pausing or any damage being done to it.

Before a horror-struck expression could form across the face of the audience, the petal was already one meter away from He Ju.

He Ju also looked very surprised.

“This... How can it be? It didn't stop it... ”

His fingers began trembling uncontrollably, holding up the eight-jewel mirror into the air, as he was anxious to instil all his yuan qi into the mirror to withstand the attack.

But it was all too late.

Under the gaze of countless people, an unbelievable scene appeared.

He Ju seemed as though his head and limbs had been frozen, his eyes were rapidly rolling, he was completely unable to move, and could not release the yuan qi that he had gathered within his body.

He was paralysed in a strange posture in mid-air, the brilliance of the mirror gradually weakening and the movement of the dragons on the frame had also stopped.

Like a boat leisurely floating in a stream, the white petal had gently landed on the head of the He Ju.

He Ju’s pupil enlarged, his complexion ashen.

His eyes filled with fear and panic, meridians floating up on his stiffened body, and blood was flowing rapidly.

It was the white lotus fragrance again.

A more intense fragrance came in waves and spread to the Storm platform and farther away.

The strong fragrance numbed one’s mind, but also gave momentarily relief.

In the distance the roars and cries of the hundreds of spiritual beasts became soft and gentle.



As if in this moment, everything in the world had become peaceful and slow.

A strange atmosphere.

A silent space.

Everyone had completely lost their self-awareness, their eyes empty, as they quietly watched the Storm Platform.

Crack.

It was as if something had been shattered.

In the distance spider web-like cracks were all of a sudden appearing on He Ju’s frozen body in midair.

In midair the eight-jeweled mirror that was clasped tightly in the hands of He Ju suddenly stopped, mercilessly smashing into the Storm Platform, a loud bang shaking the minds and awakening everyone.

The crowd’s eyes lit up as though waking up from a dream.

At this moment on the platform, He Ju, who had been frozen to the spot in midair and was suddenly breaking down like shattered ice, had turned into pieces of petals, as if he was originally made from flower petals, disintegrating and scattering away.

The next moment, the scattering petals, like willow seeds swirling in the spring breeze, had gone with the wind.

The Clear River Domain experts around the Storm Platform all had the same frozen blank expression.

An... another Immortal Step expert had fallen?

Heavens.

An expert like He Ju, whose power had been shaking the Clear River Domain for hundreds of years, and was considered a martial arts overlord of a generation, and was sufficiently well-prepared before he mounted the stage. He still failed to defend against the white lotus petal and fallen in this state?

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 554:


Chapter 573, An old story of the past

He Ju is dead?

Another headmaster of the eight peaks of Greater One Sect had died?

The two headmasters of Greater One Sect were defeated by the same move one after another, instantly turned into magnificent and strange petals that filled the sky?

For a while, looking at the white petals that were all across the Storm Platform, not one person did not look aghast, mouth gaped open. It was as if they wanted to say something, but as though something was blocking their throat, no words would come out.

The Storm Platform was surrounded by an absolute silence, so quiet that the movement of the breeze blowing the leaves on the ground was becoming very clear.

In the distance.

On the headmasters’ floating peak.

The remaining headmasters of Greater One Sect were tightly clenching their hands, joints bursting, veins protruding, and eyes wide in disbelief.

How can that be?

No!

Impossible!

The two Immortal Step experts of Greater One Sect had unexpectedly... almost noiselessly and motionlessly fallen before an inexperienced boy?

Countless gazes casted onto Liu Shaji, as well as the giant white lotus flower beneath Liu Shaji. The flower that bloomed with nine petals, like a thriving white lotus, was emitting a faint fragrance and each petal was thin as a piece of paper, gently drifting in the wind. But now the flower had only seven petals, slightly incomplete. There was a regretful sense of beauty, as though about to wither under the cold frost of autumn, but who would have thought that the soft and delicate petals, like the invitation of death, could consecutively kill two headmasters of Greater One Sect.

Even calm and quiet people, at this time also found it difficult to maintain a composed outward appearance.

For the Greater One Sect, it was a disastrous loss.

Because compared to Chen Shaohua, such disciples that sprang up one after another like spring bamboo after the rain, the two peak headmasters that had successively died were an unbearable loss to the Greater One Sect.

A gifted descendant can be cultivated in a few decades, but an expert that can be called a top headmaster is only rarely born through hundreds of years of training.

As an overlord of the Clear River Domain for thousands of years, the Greater One Sect had encountered such a drastic reversal of a situation during the Storm Sword Duelk gathering that it was hosting. It was something that no one had ever thought of.

Boom!

The Greater One Spiritual Master was the first to awaken from the shock, with a wild and furious countenance, wind and lightning rising around his body.

He abruptly got up, a terrifying yuan qi erupting from his body, like he was carrying lightning on him, evoking the howling of wind. Immediately within his eyes were two cold and fierce arrow-like beams of light, shooting directly at the Storm Platform.

As if the Storm Platform was suddenly struck by two divine arrows, Liu Shaji’s robe was whipped up in the blast of the sudden and violent attack.

The several other peak headmasters also reacted, looking surprised.

For a moment, on the headmasters’ peak there were flashes of lightning, and the brilliance of the yuan qi spreading uncontrollably.

Layer upon layer of yuan qi were emitting from the several headmasters and the Greater One Spiritual Master’s body, surging endlessly.

The earth shattering imposing aura was rising rapidly, and the dumbstruck audience that failed to react in time was struck with overwhelming awe, heart tightening.

On the floating peak of Nangong family.

Nangong Jue looked at the void where the bones and ashes had long dissipated with the wind, the colour of shock in his eyes.

The strengths of He Ju and Liu Xuezong were well known across Clear River Domain. Even if it was him or some of the masters of the other major forces, they may not be able to kill him so easily.

But now their bodies had been destroyed effortlessly by the descendant of the White Lotus Sword Sect.

The sword skills of the White Lotus Sword Sect, how can it be so frightening?

At this time he gazed attentively at the seven-petal lotus flower beneath Liu Shaji, sinking into deep thoughts.

On the Sky Demon Palace's floating peak.

The Palace Master Hua Wulei had already crushed a red-coloured jade cup in his hands to pieces after the shock of He Ju perishing.

But he reacted quickly. Holding the fragments of the cup in his hands, he gently rubbed, turning the broken pieces to dust. He slightly opened up his hand, quietly dispersing the fine powder through the gaps between his fingers, without a trace left behind.

The two famous Immortal Step experts of Clear River Domain were like the wine cup in his hand. Without any chance of counterattacking, they were instantly crushed to dust and ashes.

This unfathomable White Lotus Immortal sword and the White Lotus sword techniques had been snatched by the Greater One Sect for one hundred years, yet not one person could comprehend its profound meaning

Such a rare pearl, the Greater One Sect not only had not found its value, and had actually passed on to Chen Shaohua, a successor that was not even unable to withstand a single blow. Even at his death, he still did not know its true power, it really was a pearl dropped in the ocean. For the Greater One Sect, this was a cruel irony.

On the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect's floating peak.

The sect master, Baili Chengfeng’s calm eyes brightened with interest as he gazed at the illusory lotus flower.

As the currently recognized strongest expert of Clear River Domain, the master of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect was also known for his unmatched sword skills. Towards the rare sword technique of Liu Shaji, he was extremely curious, since even He Ju, an expert of that level, despite striking first, still could not near the lotus flower, and a high ranking divine weapon of the Greater One Sect could not defend against the petal...

What kind of sword technique was the White Lotus Sword technique?

What sort of speed was needed to break the momentum before sword seals were performed?

How fast did one need to be in order to dodge safely, before the lotus petals came into contact with one’s body?

In the heart of Baili Chengfeng, there was a fighting spirit rising.

This fighting spirit was not towards Liu Shaji, after all, Liu Shaji was just a junior. Rather it was targeted at the White Lotus sword technique. There was an urge to prove his sword skills. As he looked to the Storm Platform there was a trace of excitement in his eyes, like gold light flashing.

The successor of the Heaven Devastator Demon Sect also sensed the changes of his master's emotions.

In silence, besides shock, there was a trace of admiration for Liu Shaji.

Among the entire Clear River Domain, in these hundreds of years, there had only been one person that had sparked the interest of the master who had become indifferent to the affairs of the world.

On the Heaven Desire Demon Sect's floating peak.

The men and women were clearly aghast.

At this time, looking at the high-spirited, confident and graceful Liu Shaji on the Storm Platform, they dared not show the slightest contempt. They also no longer exposed any desire, instead each were sat upright and still, quietly discussing something in secret code. After all, in the face of an existence that could so easily kill an Immortal Step expert like he was mowing the grass, the Heaven Desire Demon Sect must be careful in order to avoid angering him. There was a difference in strength between the Heaven Desire Demon Sect and the Greater One Sect, the most powerful people of their sect were only of the Immortal Step boundary. If Liu Shaji was angered, one casual strike of his sword could destroy the Heaven Desire Demon Sect.

……

On the other floating peaks.

The people that gradually calmed finally snapped out of their trance, and began to whisper to one another.

“It's unbelievable.”

“I can't believe it.”

“The two major martial arts authorities of Clear River Domain had fallen just like that, it is too terrifying.”

“This is absolutely a battle that shakes the whole Clear River Domain, both Liu Xuezong and He Ju had fallen, the Greater One Sect lost its right upper arm and its left arm. It is a disastrous loss.”

“Yes, it's a slap to the face, the two headmasters were defeated by an inexperienced descendant.”

“Right, right, when have I ever seen the Greater One Sect fail like this.”

“It was the same White Lotus Immortal sword, but in the hands of Chen Shaohua it could not even withstand one punch from the successor of the Thunder and Lightning Sect...”

“The Greater One Sect defeated the White Lotus Sword Sect back then, invaded its treasury, and took the White Lotus Immortal sword. In the end the Immortal sword was treated like a cutting knife, hahaha!”

“It is the same White Lotus Immortal sword, but in the hands of a descendant of the White Lotus Sword Sect, its power can destroy the earth. In an instant two great Immortal masters were reduced to ashes, it seems that it is better to use your own things.”

“I think so too, they took it away by force, but still could not use it to its full power.”

“Now that you’ve said that, the consecutive collapse of Immortal Step experts and consciousness being struck into mist, have not happened in Clear River Domain for a long time...”

“Yes yes, especially a major force such as the Greater One Sect, who had stood as stable as a mountain in these hundreds of years, no one can shake it in the slightest. I remember the last time the Greater One Sect had suffered heavy casualties was precisely when Greater One Sect attacked the White Lotus Sword Sect.”

“Yes, I remember too, although the Greater One Sect destroyed the White Lotus Sword Sect and broke into its monastery, that battle was said to be quite tragic, countless White Lotus Sword Sect disciples prefered death than to surrender, and took down many people with them. As a result, in that battle the Greater One Sect had lost four Immortal Step masters, of which three were headmaster-level existences.”

“Hush, be quiet, don't talk, it might be heard... But then again, two headmasters have died, Greater One Sect will not swallow this anger.”

“Haha, I wonder if that kid still wants to continue his retaliation.”

“I don’t think so, he had already successively killed two headmasters, don't tell me he wants to wipe out all the headmasters of Greater One Sect? That's crazy.”

“It depends on if he has the strength...”

“I think the boy has poked a hornet’s nest. The Greater One Sect will certainly take action, grind his bones into powder and scatter them.”

There was more and more spirited debate.

The loss of the Greater One Sect on the Storm Platform had changed the situation of the entire Clear River Domain and the power division between the sects.

Many changes were taking place quietly.

……

On a small floating peak.

The shock within Ye Qingyu's eyes was long and hard to quell.

His mouth curved upwards, eyes fixed in the direction of the Storm Platform.

The huge white lotus flower that Liu Shaji was standing on was just like the invitation of death, whoever it was affixed to that person would die, no matter how strong the person was. The small petals contained an unbelievable power, and even now Ye Qingyu could not see the slightest clue on how the sword intent turned into petals and could kill Immortal Step experts in the blink of the eye. How did he do it?

What kind of power did he possess?

Puzzlement was etched clearly in the lines on Ye Qingyu's forehead.

He took a deep breath, drawing in the delicate aroma of the white lotus petals wafting around into the body, when suddenly there was a strange refreshing and relaxing feeling.

In fact, this feeling had already instilled into his body as he watched Liu Shaji administer the Nine Strikes of the Lotus Flower. It was indeed a wonderful and mysterious essence, it can be understood but was indescribable——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 555:


Chapter 574, The peerless pair in the past

Observing with the eye and becoming clear in the heart.

At this moment Ye Qingyu was carefully studying Liu Shaji's sword moves and sword intent. Although he was unable to completely comprehend, but from the faint scent he could instinctively feel his bones and limbs, like a trickle of water, being refreshed, experiencing the pure elevation of martial arts.

Vaguely, Ye Qingyu found himself seeming to have touched upon the doorstep of some new power.

At this time the feeling appeared to be faint and indistinct, but it was not nothingness; he needed to wait for the next opportunity to comprehend just what the feeling was.

After all, Ye Qingyu's forte in martial arts was swordsmanship, but having come to Clear River Domain, his consciousness had been trapped and had been unable to use his yuan qi. As a result he had just have been fighting with his physical strength, but his most proud martial arts secret skills were in fact, still the Human King, Divine Emperor, and the Common people, the three major sword techniques. The three great sword techniques were deep and profound. The most important thing for him was to see the elevation in the sword techniques of the world; in these days, Ye Qingyu had never neglected his cultivation, especially during the Storm Sword Duel gathering, where the major experts of Clear River Domain competed, and the lowest level expert that had mounted the stage was still a Bitter Sea expert. For Ye Qingyu it was definitely a sumptuous feast of his eyes.

By observing all the martial arts of the world, he naturally had some sort of comprehension in his heart.

It can be said that observing the Storm Sword Duel gathering, for Ye Qingyu, was even more important than a life and death experience.

His understanding and comprehension of martial arts was rising wildly.

And on the side of Ye Qingyu, the great thief Hu Bugui was also evidently shocked.

But after a short pause, he immediately burst into loud laughter.

“Hahahaha, I, old Hu, really have good taste. I surprisingly picked such a powerful brother, wow hahaha, Shaji, kill a few more Greater One chicken, haha, Brother Liu, I raise my glass to you.”

After saying that, he picked up a wine bowl in front with one hand and saluted in the direction of the Storm Platform, drinking joyfully.

Nan Tieyi’s face was also crossed with inerasable amazement.

Ever since he left his sect and came to know these wilful and strange martial artists, there were subtle changes happening in his heart through their influence.

Seeing Hu Bugui's action, he looked hesitant and seemed to struggle a little, but in the end without saying a word, he raised the wine bowl in front of him and saluted in the direction of the Storm Platform, before tilting his head to drink it in one gulp.

This already explained everything.

Nan Tieyi slowly put down the wine bowl, laughing and gently shaking his head at himself. He was impacted by the great thief Hu Bugui’s actions and unexpectedly did an action that exposed his feelings.

However, to drink to one’s heart’s content like that, he had never felt before in the past few decades.

Should he from now start considering just what was best for the Immortal Emperor Sect and for himself?

In the most noticeable place of a small floating peak, Old Fish was chewing a few tea leaves, eyes slightly narrowed, but there was not the slightest surprise.

But as he looked to the rotating white lotus flower at Liu Shaji’s foot, there was a little shock. As though he remembered something, he sank into deep thought.

This is interesting.

I remember before Qin Ming, that boy, reached the pinnacle, there was always an elegant scholar by his side, who liked to wear a white jade lotus robe...

……

On the Storm Platform .

Liu Shaji caught a glimpse of the actions on the small floating peak. A warm feeling flowed past from the depths of his heart.

A hundred years of lying undiscovered...

A hundred years of training...

Everything was in preparation for today.

The countless days and nights of loneliness, grief and indignation, how would ordinary people understand.

However, the life that was originally wrapped in enmity was so easily entered by these weird people through fate or by chance.

To meet these like-minded-but-from-different-background friends before the undertaking of his vengeance was an unexpected harvest.

Thinking of this.

Liu Shaji couldn’t help but lift his head skywards to laugh heartily.

At this time, standing on the seven petal lotus flower, imposing aura surging, gusts of yuan qi power swirling around his body, and dark hair fluttering in the wind, he looked extremely charming.

The White Lotus Immortal sword in his hands seemed to have sensed the joy in his heart, producing bursts of cheerful sword cries.

Swoosh!

Liu Shaji shook his wrist, sending an explosion of sword light streaking across the air unhindered, and the air was torn in a circular arc shaped gap.

“Old friend, today, drinking the blood of the enemy to your content, isn’t it great? We have not succeeded yet, old friend, can you come accompany me to enjoy another fight?

His eyes overflowed with cherish and pity, as if looking at his most precious treasure, and as if through the Immortal sword he saw his deceased parents and relatives, and fellow disciples.

The sword cry suddenly rose, the originally thin veil-like halo of light was now emitting a sparkling luster.

The White Lotus Immortal sword issued bursts of cries, like a melodious ancient sword song, like the clang of iron, stirring Liu Shaji’s hot bloodedness.

Swoosh!

The Immortal sword slashed across, and a tail of glistening white flowing light trailed behind.

The tip of the sword pointed again.

This time the direction that Liu Shaji was pointing at was the headmasters’ floating peak.

“Feng Wuhen, get up here to die.”

His voice had just faded away.

And the several floating peaks that had only calmed for a moment, was suddenly rumbling again as though a surprise bomb had been dropped.

Feng Wuhen was the Greater One Sect Spiritual Master's name.

The person that Liu Shaji challenged this time was unexpectedly the Greater One Spiritual Master.

“What? Did I hear it wrong? Who's he going to challenge?”

“What, is this kid crazy? Has he been taken over by the devil?”

“He's going to challenge the Greater One Spiritual Master? Does he know that Greater One Sect is planning to finish him off, so he thought he might as well take action first?”

“In any case, challenging the Master of the best sect in Clear River Domain is simply a road to death.”

“Maybe he thought that since he’s going to die anyway, he might as well die happily on the Storm Platform. If he falls in the hands of the Greater One Sect, he might be tortured to death as a result of their retribution...”

……

On the headmasters’ floating peak.

The Greater One Spiritual Master flew into a rage, eyes sparked with fury, on the verge of eruption.

In an instant his consciousness burst forth in fury, overwhelming imposing aura, and the wind and clouds within one thousand meters were raging. The weather and atmosphere had changed abruptly.

“Junior, you really think our Greater One Sect can’t do anything to you?”

His voice, like an earthshaking roar of thunder, resounded across the sky, vibrating in the ears of everyone. Many people saw stars dance before their eyes, pain in their ears and their mind thrown into disorder.

The yuan qi and consciousness power that erupted from him was like the roar of a tiger and the cry of a dragon. It instantly made everyone around the Storm Platform feel as though Mt. Tai was crushing their heart, suffocating, and their yuan qi was scattering about uncontrollably.

“You want to fight against my Greater One Sect by yourself? Who are you? I also participated in the battle back then, there was no such descendant as you in the White Lotus Immortal Sect back then...”

Greater One Spiritual Master had not quelled his anger, but within his eyes was a flicker of doubt as he questioned him.

Upon hearing this, Liu Shaji suddenly burst into laughter.

From the laughter, it seemed he had heard the best joke in the world.

“Feng Wuhen, you really don't know me?”

Liu Shaji ceased his laughter, his countenance grew cold. There was not the slightest smiling expression on his face, eyes flashing with anger and an unprecedented fierceness, like piecing cold ice, glaring firmly at Greater One Spiritual Master in the distance.

“Oh, when I was young, I called you Uncle Feng...” he said in a mocking tone.

“What?” Greater One Spiritual Master, upon hearing this, his body slightly shook, the tail of his brows gently quivered, and his complexion turned odd.

He carefully studied Liu Shaji, and as though remembered something, a look of disbelief crossed his face.

“You... you are...” The Greater One Spiritual Master's complexion began to change.

Liu Shaji looked to the endless void, seemingly recalling some old memories, then said each word loud and clear, “Before the White Lotus Mountain, Egrets fly. Within the misty water, batfish swims...” Suddenly he turned to the Greater One Spiritual Master, his eyes flashing with killing intent and hatred, and simply wanted to crush the person in front into dust. “Oh, back then, Uncle Feng you even taught me how to write poetry and paint, have you forgotten so quickly?”

The Greater One Spiritual Master suddenly realized something.

His body was suddenly shuddering like he had suffered a tremendous shock, lips trembling as he stammered incoherently: “You... You are Ji Changfa... Nephew Changfa, you...”

Opposite.

Liu Shaji had a cynical look on his face.

He was evidently enjoying the dumbstruck and abrupt change of expression that he had predicted on the face of the Greater One Spiritual Master.

“Ah, you still remember me, but I don’t dare accept you addressing me as Nephew Changfa.”

Liu Shaji slowly lowered his arm, slightly bowing his head.

White Lotus Immortal sword at this time was silently accompanying him, only radiating a soft fluorescent light.

By the time Liu Shaji lifted his head again, his eyes were unexpectedly glistening with tears, “In these hundreds of years, I have not forgotten who was it that used my father’s trust and was invited to participate in my White Lotus Sword Sect worship ceremony. And in this process, brought tea added with [Lotus Core Calamity] to my father, then coordinated with others to destroy my White Lotus Sword Sect... Feng Wuhen, your scheme back then, do you still remember it?”

When Greater One Spiritual Master heard Liu Shaji's questioning, he unexpectedly slightly looked down and did not refute.

His expression was constantly changing, sometimes it seemed to be immersed in thoughts, sometimes like he was recalling old memories, sometimes it looked displeased and annoyed, sometimes his eyes flickered with guilt, sometimes his eyes contained unswerving determination, and sometimes murderous intent was bursting out...

Liu Shaji coldly looked at Greater One Spiritual Master who had a strange complexion and seemed deep in thought, coldly saying, “What? A guilty conscience? Haha, hundreds of years ago, there were two people known as Clear River Domain’s peerless pair. Both were regarded as unequalled geniuses of Clear River Domain, one was you, Feng Wuhen, and the other was my White Lotus Sword Sect’s Ji Lingshan.” Here, a sentimental longing for the past flitted across Liu Shaji’s eyes. “My father and you were like-minded, of similar age, and became sworn brothers. He treated and cared for you like a real brother. Who would have imagined that you would used my father’s trust to collude with the traitors of White Lotus Sword Sect, and led the disciples of Greater One Sect into my White Lotus Sword Sect, and killed my Father and Mother, Uncle, Aunt, and my fellow disciples. 172 people in total.”

When Liu Shaji spoke of his grief and indignation, an insuppressible sorrow broke out.

He was close to roaring out loud, his eyes revealing endless sadness, despair, and hatred.

Even the air current and white light around him were suddenly mingled with many golden stars.

“Come, Feng Wuhen, on the Storm Platform, fight for your dignity and status. Today, I will peel off your hypocritical skin and flesh and let everyone see your dark, poisonous heart, so that we can get to know what a malicious and ruthless villain the Greater One Spiritual Master that they worship is!” Liu Shaji could not quell his furious emotions, firmly clasped the White Lotus Immortal sword. The originally quiet and still White Lotus Immortal sword at this moment was radiating a blazing white light, the cry of the sword shrill and tragic, stirring up everyone’s emotions.



It was only at this moment that everyone came to know of the inside story of the destruction of the White Lotus Sword Sect.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 556:


Chapter 575, Don't let the past affect today

At this time, everyone finally knew of the inside story to the destruction of the White Lotus Sword Sect.

If it really was as Liu Shaji had said, then Feng Wuhen was indeed a treacherous lowly person.

Although the fact that in this world the strong survived and the weak were destroyed is publicly acknowledged, but if the Greater One Sect and the White Lotus Sword Sect fought head-on and the White Lotus Sword Sect was defeated, then no one can blame them. But if Feng Wuhen really did take advantage his brother’s trust, used crafty plots, and poisoned his drink, then that behaviour really was despicable and contemptible.

“It is hard to imagine that the Greater One Spiritual Master was just posing as a person of high morals!”

“So this is the truth of the downfall of the White Lotus Sword Sect!”

“A hundred years ago the White Lotus Sword Sect was one of the most powerful forces in Clear River Domain. Although their number was not as many as the Greater One Sect, but their foundation was definitely comparable.”

“Yes, back then the Greater One Sect and the White Lotus Sword Sect were considered the two major sects of the correct path, they were well-regarded!”

“Unfortunately the White Lotus Sword Sect was too prideful, their strength was extraordinary, but was unwilling to follow the poor example of the Greater One Sect, and blocked the way of the Greater One Sect.”

“A hundred years ago I had also heard that Ji Lingshan was known as the peerless pair with Feng Wuhen. It is said that his cultivation and talent were above those of Feng Wuhen.”

“It is regrettable that such a talented person, because of becoming friends with the wrong person, ended like that, it really is a pity!”

“Greater One Spiritual Master has not admitted it yet. Besides he was a successor of the Greater One Sect back then, was there a need for him to do that, perhaps there is a misunderstanding?”

“Haha, the White Lotus Sword Sect have come for revenge, one person to fight against the entire Greater One Sect. If there is no conclusive evidence, who would have such courage!”

“All the people of the Greater One Sect pose as persons of high morals, the self-proclaimed noble and upright sect, over the years, have fabricated excuses, how many sects have been annexed or destroyed by them!”

“Hmph, the way of this world is to use one's strength to mistreat people, the one with the bigger fist has the right of speech!”

Everyone sighed with sorrow and regret

Some people despised the Greater One Sect.

Some felt sorry for the White Lotus Sword Sect.

Some lamented the fickleness of the world.

On the Greater One Sect’s floating peak.

There was a faint ashamed look on the Greater One Spiritual Master’s face as he slightly shook his head, sighing, “Changfa, back then I had no other choice...”

Before his words faded away..

There was an immediate uproar.

Some that looked forward to the Greater One Spiritual Master solving the misunderstanding had completely exploded, and the image that the Greater One Spiritual Master had created all these years also momentarily crumbled.

Because his words were tantamount to admitting all the accusations made by Liu Shaji!

“Hmph!”

Liu Shaji snorted, long hair fluttering in the air, expression turning wild.

His right hand shook, pointing the White Lotus Immortal sword directly at Greater One Spiritual Master.

“Had no other choice? What a ‘had no other choice’! Did anyone force you to be the master of Greater One Sect? You were just blinded by greed and wanted to fight for the position of the master of Greater One Sect. In order to achieve merit, you betrayed my father and the entire White Lotus Sword Sect! You two-faced scum, for your own benefit, you even schemed against your brother. My father thought of you as a close friend, a real brother, do you know what is shame! These hundred years have you slept well, have the ghosts of White Lotus Sword Sect who died unjustly under your sword come to demand your life?”

Liu Shaji repeatedly denounced Greater One Spiritual Master, hardly able to restrain his rage.

Greater One Spiritual Master quietly watched Liu Shaji, without saying a word, his complexion sad.

The breeze rippled, Greater One Spiritual Master clenched the horsetail whisk in his hand, the silver hair powerlessly drifting along with the breeze.

The rebuke from Liu Shaji rang in his ears, and looking at Liu Shaji, he seemed to see his good brother, Ji Liingshan, who he once drank wine and chatted merrily with.

Back then they became friends and made their way in Clear River Domain, they had been through ups and downs together, but were still happy.

How many times had they fought off the enemy together and survived.

How many times had they shared good wine and enjoyed the beautiful scenery together, lying among the flowers.

How many times had they practiced martial arts together, giving guidance to one another.

As Greater One Spiritual Master recalled the past, he subconsciously revealed a faint smile.

But, after all, he was a formidable person of a generation, a martial arts overlord. How strong was his state of mind, how would he really fall into guilt and regret and other negative emotions. After three or four seconds of immersion, he immediately snapped out of the trance. He cannot chase after the past, Ji Lingshan had died under his sword, the White Lotus Sword Sect had been destroyed, and all this, was brought about by his own choice.

If he was given another chance, he would still make the same choice.

Although he was the successor of the Greater One Sect, but competition was fierce. The other seven successors of the seven peaks were all eyeing the position of Greater One Sect Master. With the slightest mistake, there would be countless disciples waiting to step on him!

The White Lotus Sword Sect was not only powerful, but also prideful, they were very particular in justice and fairness in everything they did, and were extremely stubborn about it.

The Greater One Sect was ambitious, and had long ago had the ambition of reaching the top of Clear River Domain, but never knew how to deal with the White Lotus Sword Sect.

Back then, he coincidentally met the successor of the White Lotus Sword Sect Ji Lingshan, and his master had countless times hinted that he must try to befriend Ji Lingshan.

Unaware of the situation, Greater One Spiritual Master only thought that his master encouraged him to befriend Ji Lingshan was for the purpose of the Greater One Sect and the White Lotus Sword Sect forming an alliance!

However, gradually, he finally came to realize the real intention of Greater One Sect towards the White Lotus Sword Sect. At that time, it was already too late to turn back.

Either he schemed against the White Lotus Sword Sect and take this credit to become the master of the Greater One Sect...

Or he will be silenced by the Greater One Sect.

The road of the strong was destined to be bumpy.

To become the strongest, one had to give up on many things, everything except oneself.

Therefore, he volunteered to scheme against the White Lotus Sword Sect, and used the credit of destroying the White Lotus Sword Sect to justifiably rise to the position of Greater One Sect Master.

On the floating peak.

The Greater One Spiritual Master flicked his horsetail whisk, seemingly sweeping away the past like dust.

A faint, indifferent smile emerged on his face as he calmly said, “In this great wide world, the weak are prey to the strong. In order to achieve one’s goal, they will stop at nothing. So what if I schemed to destroy your White Lotus Sword Sect, a man is not bothered by trifles; the winner is king, the loser an outlaw. The matter is in the past, why mention it again... However, I am very curious,” The Greater One spiritual master’s gaze looked up and down at Liu Shaji, before he continued, “back then the White Lotus Sword Sect became a place of death. Almost all were killed by Greater One Sect, I swept a glance over the thousands of miserable corpses, everyone was dead, how did you survive?”

Liu Shaji noticed the change in expression within the Greater One Spiritual Master’s eyes, saying disdainfully, “You thought everything was within calculation? My mother was already suspicious of you. Although at the time of the incident, she was poisoned, but she took advantage of the chaos and disregarded her own life to seal me into the Sword-Jade god-level Origin crystal of the White Lotus Sword Sect and hid me in the underground of the White Lotus Sword Sect. I escaped the calamity, and my body was within the Origin crystal, but I saw everything with my own eyes! A hundred years past by like one day going by. Although I am preserved in my young state, but the flames of vengeance was not extinguished. All these years, in the Origin crystal, I have been absorbing the divine power, cultivating non-stop, just for today, to stand here and demand vengeance for the ghosts of White Lotus Sword Sect!”

Liu Shaji spoke with a stern countenance and a fierce voice, unable to calm his emotions, his left hand hanging at the side of his body tightly clenched into a fist. His knuckles were turning white, and the right hand holding the White Lotus Immortal sword was also trembling.

When Greater One Spiritual Master heard this, he lowered his head and sighed: “I see, although your mother was born from a humble family, she was known as the first beauty of Clear River Domain. Possessing grace and talent, she was called a celestial maiden of a generation, there were many people that admired her, including your father and I, but she in the end chose your father. On the day of the battle, I didn't want to kill her, but when I found her, she had already killed herself before the corpse of your father.”

Here, Greater One Spiritual Master suddenly raised his head, abruptly changed the topic, and his face became serious, “You came to avenge them? Haha, well, come on, I'll give you a chance, let’s see if you have the ability!”

With that, the Greater One Spiritual Master swung his arms behind, the mysterious silver sleeves rolled up. Under the silver robe, his feet were slightly moving, about to mount the Storm Platform.

Behind him, the several peak masters responded with shock.

“Master don’t!”

“Master please think again!"

“Master please consider it carefully!”

“Master, a junior is not worthy of you personally battling!”

Upon seeing this the several headmasters turned pale with fright, and at once persuaded against it.

They had already consecutively lost two headmasters, Liu Xuezong and He Ju, the Greater One Sect had suffered a disastrous loss already, yet they still could not see through the White Lotus sword technique!

Since Liu Shaji dared challenge the Greater One Spiritual Master, it was likely that he had a card up his sleeve!

The fact that the Greater One Spiritual Master had accepted the battle under such conditions made them extremely worry.

What if a mishap happened to the Greater One Spiritual Master, the consequences were something the Greater One Sect could not bear!

At that time, without a leader, what they would face was a devastating blow!

The Greater One Spiritual Master looked at the junior and senior brothers, laughed heartily, and with a wide sweeping motion with his sleeve said, “Haha, I, Feng Wuhen am the Master of Greater One Sect, do you think I would be afraid of a junior!?”

Sunlight pierced through the layers of clouds onto the Greater One Spiritual Master. His white robe that was untainted by a speck of dust, under the sun rays, glowed with a golden light.

Greater One Spiritual Master stood with hands clasped behind his back, projecting a natural dignity and power.

The next moment, there was a circle of misty yuan qi rippling around the Greater One Spiritual Master’s body, and at his feet was a golden halo of light gradually appearing, increasingly brighter, and finally as dazzling the sun. In a flash, Greater One Spiritual Master turned into a blazing golden meteor, piercing the sky.

In a twinkling, the golden glow was on the Storm Platform.

The golden halo of light gradually dispersed, as the figure of the Greater One Spiritual Master appeared on the Storm Platform.

The Greater One Spiritual Master stood straight, like a powerful pine tree standing proud on a cliff, and as stable as a mountain.

From the mysterious silver sleeves were wisps of wind slowly coming out.

“Come on, Changfa. Whether you can avenge your parents depends on your ability, I will not be lenient on you,” the Greater One Spiritual Master said calmly.

Liu Shaji, upon hearing these words, took a deep breath, quelling the sadness and anger.

In the battle between experts, one must not let emotions affect their fighting skills.

Withdrawing the sword that was pointing at the Greater One Spiritual Master, the tip of the White Lotus Immortal sword pointed skywards as he clapped his hands together, like he was burning incense, closed his eyes and prayed.

A moment later, Liu Shaji put two fingers close together, lightly wiping the sword blade, and the White Lotus Immortal sword emitted an impatient hum.

“Old friend, this is the final battle. We shall avenge the White Lotus Sword Sect together.”

This battle... would perhaps change the whole Clear River Domain——

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

