Chapter 149:


Chapter 150 – Turning Off the Snow Dragon

“There are top experts exchanging blows.”

The expression of Liu Zongyuan became more solemn and serious.

Ye Qingyu nodded his head, looking towards the direction of the South West.

At this time, the airship that he and the others were on, after five days of flight, had already entered deep into the territory of the Explosive Snow Glacier. The frontal battlefield of the [Gale Operation] was evidently occurring at the outer boundaries of the Explosive Snow Glacier. The battle should have already started and was enveloping everywhere. Right now, they should be having a brief clash between the two forces, an intertwining of fangs. After tens of years of fighting and opposing each other, both parties knew each other very well. There would not be a scene where one party was completely annihilated. Today, it was evidently time for the top class experts to clash.

Ye Qingyu did not know just what the plan of the army was.

But since this battle had started, this meant that everything was progressing according to plan.

The first person who emitted the Will of the Martial Path, should be a commander of the great army at Youyan Pass. Then the second vicious and ominous Will of the Martial Path, could it be that it was emitted from that person?

That person had shown himself?

Ye Qingyu silently pondered in his heart.

At that time—

“Fine, we can begin,” Mister Liu said as he tied the front of his robe at his waist, his body as straight as a javelin. Taking several steps forward, he stood at the head of the airship, slowly controlling his breathing. As if he was a martial artist optimizing his state before battle.

There was an armoured soldier that brought over a huge, green stone table. On it was a snowy white jade-like beast skin scroll.

When the Scroll was unrolled, it was completely white and blank inside.

Xing’er stood in front of this stone table. From a dimensional pouch, he took out a bear butterfly stone ink slab, a stick of dragon blood treasure ink, and a piece of mysterious azure ice.

Using the heat of his palm to melt this mysterious ice, he then dipped the dragon blood treasure ink stick in the water in the bear butterfly ink slab. Using a little blunt metal dagger, he began grinding. Under such a gentle action, the dragon blood treasure ink stick very quickly began dissolving in the bear butterfly ink slab. One was able to see scarlet red blood ink appear. The faint and strange fragrance of ink began dispersing in the air, giving off a comfortable feeling that relaxed the hearts of people.

Xing’er’s movement was gentle and calm, with every movement like a smooth dance. It was as if each and every one of her actions contained the essence of Heaven’s way.

Ye Qingyu witnessed for the first time, that someone was able to perfect a little thing like grinding ink to such a perfect movement.

The airship had no sounds or other actions occurring on it. It slowly swam through the clouds and mist.

Then the height of the airship lowered.

The white clouds became thinner and thinner.

If Ye Qingyu surveyed below, he could finally clearly see everything under him.

He could not help but sigh with admiration in his heart.

A vast ice and snow continent, where the mountain ranges were like silver snakes. It was a candle wax-like continent.

Although just through the name of the Explosive Snow Glacier, one could be able to imagine, that this continent was a ground that was completely covered by ice and snow; an extremely cold place. But by personally seeing the endless white snow ground, seeing ice peaks that were like deities mistakenly descended to mortal lands, seeing strand after strand of huge fissures in the ground like the movement of a dragon, Ye Qingyu was shaken. This was an entire world that was formed by ice and snow. It was too beautiful and too bizarre, like it was divine scenery.

This was a world ruled by ice and snow.

No wonder the Demon Race here was known as the Snow Ground Demon Race.

“Everyone careful!”

Liu Zongyuan let out a low shout, ordering the soldiers to be on full alert.

The soldiers who were also shaken by this scene of the beautiful snow, awakened.

Ye Qingyu also quickly recovered.

He knew that even then, though this ice world was beautiful, it was only suitable for viewing from far away. If one really was to live in such an environment, then it was absolutely a frightening experience. The instance the cold exploded, it was enough to reap away countless lives. Without the cover of vegetation, without food, it was unknown just how the Demon Race was able to survive in such a harsh environment.

No wonder in these years, that the Snow Ground Demon Race dreamed to go South through Youyan Pass and wanted to take over the territory that belonged to Snow Country.

Everything was for the reproduction and multiplication of their race.

It was unknown when a scarlet red brush was held in the hands of Mister Liu.

These brushes were special, each one about the thickness of a little baby’s arm. Simply looking, on the body of each brush, there was a coiled dragon carved on it. The tip of the brush was lustrous and plump. It was unknown what lifeforms the fur on the tip of this brush was created from. After it had been dyed with dragon blood ink, it emitted a pale radiance. As if it were two stars that were radiating fluorescent light in the night, it caused someone to be dazzled and dazed.

Both hands of Mister Liu acted at the same time, unendingly drawing across the snowy white scroll.

It was as if a deity was drawing.

Ye Qingyu carefully looked, and what Mister Liu was drawing was namely the terrain and topography of the Explosive Snow Glacier below.

Everywhere the airship passed, everything below that was seen in Mister Liu’s eyes, was drawn onto the scroll.

The speed at which he used his brushes was extremely quick. Only with a slight glance, he was able to replicate everything below exactly on the snowy white scroll, with no discernible difference. With only a few strokes, he drew miles of land below the airship onto the scroll. The lines were smooth and flowing. It caused one to have the impression that everything on the scroll was alive, as if the terrain would jump out from the scroll, as if it was a projection that would appear in front of someone.

Consummate and exquisite drawing skill!

It was nearly like a ‘way’.

Ye Qingyu finally slightly understood why Mister Liu was entrusted with a dangerous mission that needed for him to personally deeply enter into enemy territory.

If they could really completely travel around the Explosive Snow Glacier, then nothing could be hidden about the Demon Race. If this mission was successfully executed, then everything on the Explosive Snow Glacier would be as familiar to Youyan Pass as their own hands. In the future, if they needed to take military actions against the Demon Court, then the probability of success would be even higher.

At this time, Ye Qingyu suddenly realized that the importance of his mission was not low at all.

Time passed minute by minute.

An hour later, the snowy white scroll on the green stone table had been completely painted full by the drawings.

The dragon blood treasure ink had also been completely expended.

Mister Liu let out a long exhalation of air. Hot air steamed around his body. Evidently such a long process of painting was a matter that exhausted his energy very much.

The armoured soldier beside him rolled this snowy white scroll up, bringing it back to the cabin in the airship.

Another snowy white scroll was replaced on the green stone table.

Xing’er continue to grind ink with his head lowered. As if his entire spirit was immersed in grinding ink.

Mister Liu fixed his breathing. As his mental state recovered, both his hands again held a brush each. He began to paint yet again.

Ye Qingyu’s gaze fell on Mister Liu body. Observing his bearing as he painted, observing the decisiveness of which his brush moved, observing the naturalness of the brush when it stroked across the scroll, observing line after line of antelope curves appearing on the scroll, this mystery within a mystery feeling… Without knowing why, Ye Qingyu felt that in his heart something had been moved. This type of mysterious feeling was as if he could comprehend something, but there was still the tiniest shred missing. He could not clearly say what this sensation was, it was like the claws of a cat scratching outside the boot, causing one to go mad.

The other side.

Liu Zongyuan’s gaze landed on Ye Qingyu’s body. After being somewhat dumb, he was shocked by what he saw.

He found that Ye Qingyu was like an old monk entering meditation. His entire aura became distanced, giving off a feeling that he was one with nature.

This type of aura, Liu Zongyuan had once seen in the commander class warriors, like the general of the Vanguard camp, Liu Siufeng and a few other top class experts…

At this time, the expression of Ye Qingyu constantly changed, like an apostle listening to enlightenment, able to hear the essence. The transformation of expressions that occurred in a breath’s time on his face was a sign that he had completely immersed in the way.

“Mister Liu has the title of [Painting Saint] in Youyan Pass. Even though he has no martial power, but his drawing techniques are already near the degree where he can enter the way through painting alone. It is rumoured that whenever Mister Liu paints, the way will arise, that there is a type of returning to a natural state contained within his paintings. Even the War God of Youyan Pass, Lord Lu, has sighed with amazement over this. It’s a pity that normal people had no way of sensing this aura. Just who is Ye Qingyu, can it be that he is able to comprehend the natural law contained within Mister Liu’s paintings?”

Liu Zongyuan was extremely shocked.

Right now, he had focused his entire attention on Mister Liu painting. He had gained some small benefits, but it was definitely not to such an exaggerated extent like Ye Qingyu.

“This young man is amazing. With time, perhaps he can become the backbone of Youyan Pass and stand at the very apex.”

As he thought of this, Liu Zongyuan’s brain moved. He suddenly had an idea, that he would try to get closer to Ye Qingyu in the coming days. At least they would be acquainted, and in the future, if Ye Qingyu really grew up, then this would absolutely be beneficial to him without any drawbacks whatsoever.

Time flowed by.

“Phew…”

Mister Liu let out a breath of murky air.

He finally stopped his brush.

The second snowy white scroll, had been finished.

A row of tight and clustered beads of sweat dripped down from the forehead of Mister Liu.

His spirit was somewhat expended.

The armoured soldier carefully rolled up the scroll for it to be stored away.

The third snowy white scroll very quickly replaced it.

Mister Liu moved a little to stretch. As he was about to paint yet again, he saw Ye Qingyu standing next to him. His expression that looked like fury, looked like anger, like happiness, like sorrow, like craziness, like madness, an expression of having completely forgotten himself. He was completely immersed in an indescribable state. He could not help but hesitate seeing this. Apart from being flabbergasted, he could not help but think of another matter.

Tens of years ago, there had also been a person that displayed such an expression when he painted, as if he was mad and drunk…

That person at that time was similarly young, similarly heroic, similarly glowing with vigour.

It was a pity that person became the greatest traitor in the history of the Empire.

A moment of blankness. It was as if time had turned back for Mister Liu and he had returned to that scene in the past.

Such an event and such a scene was far too much like what had happened in the past.

Boom!

A rumble from the earth suddenly emitted from under the airship.

Everyone on the airship was shocked.

Ye Qingyu also fiercely awakened from the state that he had entered.

“What has happened?”

He looked in confusion at the other people.

Liu Zongyuan quickly came to the edges of the airship, lowering his head to look beneath them.

“The snow dragon is turning… Everyone be careful, below is a snow dragon den!” As he looked under, Liu Zongyuan’s expression greatly changed. He gave the order for the soldiers to be on high alert and prepare for battle.

Every soldier on the armoured plates began to act.

Ye Qingyu also came to the edge of the ship. surveying below him.

The ice plains below him suddenly transformed into the undulation of the ocean. A vast quantity of snow and ice layers roiled. One could vaguely see, strands and strands of this leviathan beast thousands of meters long moving below. Slithering through the ice and snow, as if it was a divine dragon swimming through the ocean. Everywhere it passed, the ice layers broke into dust, ice peaks collapsed and the ground shattered like liquid…

The body of the gigantic beast was snowy white, with vague dragon scales able to be seen. Seemingly extremely frightening from its outer appearance, it travelled through the ice.

“There really is a den of snow dragons below here? Snow dragons are one of the main races in the battle power of the [Southern Incline Legion]. This area should be a concealed military post of the Demon Race.” Mister Liu looked on for a while, a shred of a smile showing on his face. “Good, we finally have some profit. Bring the brush, I need to record this all down.”

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 150:


Chapter 151 – Fate in the Moonlit Night

Mister Liu lifted his brush and began painting yet again on the snowy white scroll with the terrain drawn on it.

After only a few strokes, the strange apparition of the ‘Snow Dragon turning over’ was replicated in a vivid and life-like fashion on the map. The silver white-coloured Snow Dragon was as if it was alive and about to pounce out from the painting. Ye Qingyu only gave it a brief glance, but he was able to sense the viciousness and terror of the Snow Dragon. The body that was thousands of meters long was like an apocalyptic destroyer.

There were many different kinds of beasts in the Snow Ground Demon Court. It was said that there were over thousands of known races.

There were specialist institutions which focused on researching the different types of beasts that belonged to the Snow Ground Demon Court. Through their efforts, they managed to divide the different types of the Snow Ground Demon Court into groups and created books on this subject. These books were distributed to the army, academies, families, cities and large sects, allowing the citizens of the Human Race to understand the battle power of the Demon Race. When it came to battle, they would be fully prepared in case anything happened. Ye Qingyu had once been immersed in the public library of White Deer Academy, so naturally he had read books regarding this topic.

The snow dragons belonged to the middle to upper tier of rankings within the Snow Ground Demon Court.

It was rumored that the Snow Dragons were descended from the giant ice dragon in the Ancient Age. It was a pity that as the God and Devil Age ended, the change in yuan qi and the laws of the world, along with the desolate passing of time caused the bloodline of the giant ice dragon to become thinner and thinner in the Snow Dragons. Their power also decreased as a result of this. After hundreds of years, the number of Snow Dragons became less and less. They often spent the majority of their lives underground in ice. As a result, their vision deteriorated and they were only able to rely on their touch to sense external objects. Even if they were large in numbers, they could only live underground, leading to the fall of their position among the Snow Ground Demon Court.

Today, the Snow Dragon race showed signs of being chased out from the heart of power in the Snow Ground Demon Court.

But if it was a direct battle, the battle power of every fully grown Snow Dragon was incomparably terrifying. This type of monster could travel through ice and glaciers like a dragon swimming through the ocean. Its speed was incomparably quick and they were known as the rulers of ice. The power of its fleshy body was incomparably tough. Perhaps they would not prove much use in fighting against top class experts, but they were absolutely the nightmare of ordinary armies. An army of around a thousand people, if they did not have a Bitter Sea expert overseeing them would definitely be completely annihilated if they met with a Snow Dragon.

Ye Qingyu stood on the armoured plates, surveying below.

Snow and fog churned, ice and rock collapsed.

The ice ground below was as if it was collapsing, as if an apocalyptic earthquake was occurring.

“There are very many demonic beasts like the Snow Dragon among the thousands of races in the Snow Ground Demon Court. Everything of the Demon Race is naturally born with powerful inherent strength. The large majority is not trained and obtained after birth, but is something that they possess inherent. As their ages grow, so too does their strength. This is a very terrifying strength. This is the reason behind how they have always been able to successfully resist against the Snow Country with experts after experts emerging.”

Ye Qingyu sighed with emotion in his heart.

The camouflaged formation airship, in a distance not a thousand meters from the ground, slowly sailed through the air.

Miser Liu stood on the armoured plates, unendingly drawing.

After an entire day, he had painted ten snowy white scrolls that completely recorded the terrain and topography hundreds of kilometers around onto the scrolls.

A day passed by very quickly.

When night descended, the formation airship again ascended higher. Like an invisible spirit, it once again returned to the cloud layers.

Mister Liu had expended far too much of his spirit and mental power. With the support of the student Xing’er, he tiredly returned to the cabin. As he entered in the cabin, he turned around and gave Ye Qingyu a smile, giving him a greeting.

“Officer Ye, the rotation tonight will be hard on you.”

Liu Zongyuan came over of his own initiative to say something to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu was somewhat overwhelmed by the sudden display of attention.

This was the first time that the warfare officer who was as silent as a rock had spoken to him of his own accord. All the previous night guard duties had been taken care of by the soldiers under his command. Ye Qingyu could clearly sense that this warfare officer had vague feelings of hostility and exclusion. But without knowing what happened, something made Liu Zongyuan lose all the inexplicable enmity he had previously.

“Fine, rest assured officer Liu,” Ye Qingyu said seriously.

Liu Zongyuan nodded his head, turning and arranging the other defenses of the airship.

After all, he was a military officer that walked step by step to the position he was today through killing and military contributions. After today’s interaction, he wanted to get closer with Ye Qingyu, but could not let down his face to say some awkward and embarrassing words. To speak like this of his own initiative to Ye Qingyu was already a great allowance.

This type of method where he did not try too hard to get close to him was namely quite suited to Ye Qingyu’s personality.

If Liu Zongyuan suddenly became incomparably passionate and warm, then perhaps Ye Qingyu would want to distance himself from him instead.

The formation airship entered into a silent state the entire night. It was hidden within the clouds and there were not any movements that night.

Ye Qingyu always remained seated on the armoured plates of the ship, observing the movements all around him.

Occasionally, he would also sense wave after wave of the Will of the Martial Path fluctuations that came indistinctly far off.

Evidently, in a location far away, the top experts of the Demon Race and the Human Race had not yet ended their battle. It was still crazily carrying on… There were even more experts that had entered into the fray. Ye Qingyu carefully sense for a while. With his strength, he could sense at least ten different aura of Wills of Martial Path that were dispersed throughout Heaven and Earth. This represented that there were at least ten top class experts of both parties participating in this battle.

“From what it currently seems like, my previous guess was wrong. The two Wills of the Martial Path at the very beginning were not Lu Zhaoge and that person. These two core people have still not acted yet. This time, the arrangement of the military of Snow Country, the [Gale Operation] is very detailed and meticulous. To get rid of that person, they would place the utmost importance on a surprise attack. Otherwise, once that person has recovered his wits, even if he is not their opponent, he can definitely escape. If it is Lu Zhaoge who has acted, he would absolutely not battle for such a long duration of time with that person!”

At this time, Ye Qingyu’s heart already understood the situation.

He stood at the head of the airship, looking towards the South West. There were the indistinct lights of fire flickering in the night sky.

That direction was the true battlefield at this time.

The long night passed.

The night in the mist and cloud covered air seemed especially peaceful.

Finally, midnight had passed.

There were still not any signs of action from all directions.

It seemed like there would be nothing happening this night.

Ye Qingyu sat down in a meditative position. Staring and surveying the night, his thoughts could not help but drift.

Without knowing why, his thoughts once again returned to the strange sensation within his body when he saw Mister Liu painting during the day.

This strange sensation during the day once again enveloped Ye Qingyu’s entire body.

“This feeling…”

Ye Qingyu concentrated and stilled his thoughts, gradually entering into a peculiar state.

He subconsciously once again began to [Spirit Raise].

He had decided for ice to be the attribute of his own inner yuan. At this moment in time, his body was located deep in the Explosive Snow Glacier. The sky was cold and the ground was icy, the air around him extremely cold. This was, without a doubt, a great time and place for one to absorb the power of ice. Ye Qingyu once again, according to the techniques to [Spirit Raise], controlled his entire body by making it relax. Allowing every pore to open, he began absorbing the power of ice around the air.

When Ye Qingyu’s body began absorbing the cold qi, even he himself was not aware that the air currents above the metal plates of the airship, abruptly and fiercely changed.

“Just what has happened?”

A military officer noticed the sudden convergence of the air streams.

He alertly looked over. Under his observation, in the translucent shine of the moonlight on the armoured plates, like a layer of white frost, there was a white glow in the air visible to the naked eye. Like the soft ripples of the ocean wave curving and undulating, like the eye of a whirlpool, these air currents were completely sucked into the silhouette of Ye Qingyu who was sitting there cross legged like a whale sucking in water.

At this instant, the military officer was completely dumbfounded.

The figure that sat there cross legged under the moonlight, was as peaceful as a statue.

But he was also like an immortal from legends that absorbed the essence from the sun and moon, Heaven and Earth. The silver-coloured moonlight gathered around his entire body, the cold qi ripples coalescing around him, then completely entering into his body. It caused the military officer to have a sensation of shame of his own inferiority.

Someone lightly tapped the shoulder of this military officer.

The military officer was shocked, then turned his head to see that it was namely Liu Zongyuan that was standing behind him. It was unknown at what time he had arrived.

“Leader, superior Ye, he…” the military officer was about to say something.

Liu Zongyuan shook his head, his gaze complicated. After remaining silent for half a while, only then did he say in a low voice, “Don’t disturb patrolling envoy Ye. He has trained to the crucial stage… Pass the order on, for the brothers to vacate from this area. Also that people should suppress the noises they make, they are not allowed to speak loudly. I will personally handle the night duty.”

“As your orders say,” the military officer said in a small voice, then quickly turned and relayed the orders to the others.

Liu Zongyuan stood where he was. Seeing the figure of Ye Qingyu sittiing there in a meditative position, his heart could not help but sigh.

“So it has been obtained by him…”

Some people, some matter, some fate, some opportunity, could not even be envied.

Such was destiny.

For this opportunity, just how long have the younger generation of the various factions in Youyan Pass coveted.

But who would have known that ultimately, it would be easily obtained by the ‘outsider’ Ye Qingyu that had not even arrived at Youyan Pass for a full month yet.

it was rumoured that the painting techniques of the [Painting Saint] Mister Liu was near the ‘way’. His paintings were accepted by nature, Heaven and Earth. Therefore, when he painted, he could stir the natural laws of Heaven and Earth, the divine evident in his actions.

After many years of painting, there was a spirit of the natural law that had accumulated on the body of this [Painting Saint]. Because of the fact that he attuned himself to nature, copying the various landscapes of the world, through the accumulation of time, he had developed this ‘natural way’. This spirit of the natural law did not have much meaning for normal people, but for a martial artist, it was an absolutely fateful encounter. It was said that even the [War God of Youyan Pass] had personally said that if there was a martial artist of the younger generation that was able to comprehend thorough observation when the [Painting Saint] drew and capture the accumulated spirit of the natural law on the body of the [Painting Saint], he would absolutely have a great breakthrough.

But after all these years, he had never heard that one person would comprehend the ‘way’ through looking at the [Painting Saint] draw.

Of course, the reason for this was that there were people that had problems with their ability to comprehend. But another reason for this was that the opportunity for the younger generation to observe the [Painting Saint] in action was not many.

Liu Zongyuan himself had bitterly cultivated for many years. His experience in battle was full and great and he had experienced tens of life and death situations. He had thought that he had gained and accumulated enough for he himself to be successful. During the day, when Mister Liu painted, he had concentrated and observed with all his power to understand the way, but without too great a harvest. At the end, he could not even be compared to this young person who had understood the ‘way’ in one session.

This Ye Qingyu was only someone of fifteen Spirit springs. To think that he was able to capture and understand the natural way when the [Painting Saint] Mister Liu painted.

Such was the times, such was destiny!

Liu Zongyuan believed that after this state where he comprehended the ‘way’, Ye Qingyu’s inner yuan would definitely have a transformative breakthrough.

Time passed by, second by second, minute by minute.

Liu Zongyuan did not dare tarry. He always remained ten meters away, protecting and guarding Ye Qingyu.

Although he himself was not able to grasp the opportunity to comprehend the way, but why would he not go for the second best option: to bind himself to Ye Qingyu. This young man was able to grasp this fateful chance on the body of the [Painting Saint], he was absolutely not common. Liu Zongyuan could confirm his previous judgement more and more. These years, he had killed and risked his life, establishing countless military achievements. But he was powerless because he came from a common background and did not have visibility. He saw the end to the path of his career. Without a great opportunity or the aid of a person of high rank, it was exceedingly difficult for him to advance another step.

He believed that Ye Qingyu was his noble person that would aid him.

This was a gamble.

Even if he lost, he would not lose anything.

Therefore like so, Liu Zongyuan remained guarding Ye Qingyu until the morning

As the first ray of sunlight shot through the cloud layers, it shone on Ye Qingyu’s body. At that time, he finally opened his eyes.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 151:


Chapter 152 – Return Journey

Ye Qingyu welcomed the morning sun, unhurriedly getting up.

At that instant, Liu Zongyuan utterly concentrated as he stared at Ye Qingyu. On Liu Zongyuan’s face, there was a questioning expression. Ye Qingyu’s energy fluctuation did not show any signs of increasing explosively and there was not any special aura around his body. There seemed to be no change whatsoever after the essence of the moon and the cold qi vortex had entered into his body…

Could it be that his guess was wrong?

Ye Qingyu did not obtain the natural way from the [Painting Saint] Mister Liu?

Liu Zongyuan felt greatly surprised.

At that time, he saw Ye Qingyu slowly extending his palm flatly outwards.

A pale silver white mist like a burning scorching flame, as if it was a spirit that was filled with vitality, slowly rose from his palm.

Liu Zongyuan eyes jumped.

This was…

Ice attribute yuan qi?

Even this warfare officer who had a wealth of experience was tongue tied by this scene.

At that same time, a pressuring cold will spread out with Ye Qingyu at the center.

Ka-cha. Ka-cha.

There were the sounds of something brittle cracking.

As expected, the next instant, the white mist that was like a flame above Ye Qingyu’s palm suddenly consolidated. It transformed into solid silver ice, translucent and pure, as if it was an ice sculpture, or as if it was a flame that had been frozen. Under the shine of the sun, it flickered with a strange radiance.

Ye Qingyu looked down to see the ice in his hand. A smile appeared on his face.

As his heart willed, this cold ice quickly dispersed, becoming white mist yet again. It constantly transformed through different states, sometimes solid, sometimes gas, changing as he willed.

A seeping cold spread out towards all directions, but Ye Qingyu himself could not sense the slightest hint of cold. He could only feel that his inner yuan was flowing at an incomparably smooth rate, his entire person feeling a comfortableness that he had never experienced before.

The [Spirit Raise] was successful!

Apart from being excited, Ye Qingyu was also somewhat confused.

He had never thought that through his unconscious attempts, he would succeed. Originally, he only wanted to adjust to the sensation of the cold entering his body and successfully create a foundation for him to [Spirit Raise] at the twenty Spirit springs stage. But who would have guessed, he would accidentally complete the [Spirit Raise] prior to this.

His luck was far too good.

Was it not said, that before twenty Spirit springs, one could not [Spirit Raise]?

Ye Qingyu suddenly thought of himself yesterday night. Before entering that state, his body unconsciously entered into the peculiar state he had when he observed Miser Liu painting… could it be that the reason he was able to pre-emptively finish the [Spirit Raise] had something to do with this state? If such was so, could it be that this Mister Liu had accidentally aided him?

Behind his back.

The shock in Liu Zongyuan’s heart, was hard to describe using words.

Fourteen years old!

Fifteen Spirit springs!

At such an age, with such a cultivation state, that he would so easily succeed in the [Spirit Raise]!

Even the [War God of Youyan Pass] Lu Zhaoge, when he was fourteen years old, most likely could not complete the [Spirit Raise] prior to twenty Spirit springs?

Liu Zongyuan originally thought, that the natural way obtained from the [Painting Saint] Mister Liu could refine Ye Qingyu’s mental state, allowing his spirit to be full and with no imperfections. It was something that would have great benefits for his cultivation in the long term. But he had not imagined that the effects were far more incredible than what he had originally estimated. Very many famous experts only began to [Spirit Raise] when they were of the twenty Spirit springs stage. If they were unlucky, they might even need tens year of time to succeed in the [Spirit Raise] and to step past this door of the martial path. These people, when compared to Ye Qingyu, would most likely die of embarrassment.

As he was thinking, a light sound came. The door of the cabin was opened.

The Mister Liu who had rested for a whole night had recovered his vitality. He walked out from within the cabin.

“The weather is not bad. I have an idea: why don’t we continue heading North. How about it?” Mister Liu greeted Ye Qingyu and Liu Zongyuan with a smile.

When Liu Zongyuan heard this, his eyebrows formed into a frown. “Mister, if we keep heading North, then this is somewhat like a lone army penetrating too deep into enemy territory. We will have nearly gone outside the radius of the Explosive Snow Glacier, and truly entered into the territory of the Snow Ground Demon Court in the North. It will be even more dangerous Mister your status is valuable, if there is any danger…”

Miser Liu shook his head. “There is no need to fear. I received news from the army last night. The front lines is about to succeed. The [Southern Incline Legion] at the Explosive Snow Glacier is already completely in a mess. At this time, it is namely a good opportunity to fish in trouble waters*. The opportunity is transient; we cannot miss it. For the Empire, so what if I place myself in danger.”

As he said this, he looked at Liu Zongyuan, then looked at Ye Qingyu, “What do you say?”

“The front lines is about to succeed. Does that mean that that person has already fallen into the trap?” Liu Zongyuan’s mental state was shaken, turning his head to look at the soldiers behind him. Biting his teeth, he said in determination, “When I departed, the military order I received was to follow blindly behind Mister Liu. Since Mister wants to continue on deep into the territory, then the soldiers and I will absolutely pledge our lives and follow. Even if our bodies are torn and our bones are crushed, we will protect the safety of Mister.”

At this moment, on the officer who had experienced hundreds of battles, there was a lofty majestic quality emerging that was similarly seen on the army of the empire that pressed forward courageously.

At this moment it was as if Ye Qingyu could again see the sentries that were sleeping under the ice and snow of the hundred broken mountains.

Different roles, different positions, but similarly heroic.

This was the army of the Empire.

At that instant, emotions surged in Ye Qingyu’s chest. His blood was hot, as if a flame was burning within his chest. Nodding his head he said, “Since it is so, then I am also willing to follow along Mister Liu and Officer Liu and take this risk.”

Mister Liu began laughing loudly.

Liu Zongyuan glanced at Ye Qingyu once, then nodded his head slightly.

He originally wanted to find an excuse for Ye Qingyu to return in advance. He was able to realize that Ye Qingyu would perhaps be very important for the future of Youyan Pass. But since Ye Qingyu had fervently opened his mouth, it would be embarrassing and awkward for him to say anything.

“I hope that this time, we do not encounter any danger.”

No matter whether it was Mister Liu or Ye Qingyu, they were exceedingly important people in the heart of Liu Zongyuan. If there was any loss, he would not know how to explain himself.

……

A day of time passed by.

The formation airship carefully soared through the air in the demon territory. Thankfully they did not encounter any danger.

Mister Liu continued on drawing another four or five scrolls. He completely recorded down the terrain and topography of the areas the formation airship passed. They discovered a very concealed stronghold of the military of the Demon Race, as well as the military bases of the major races that fought for the Demon Race. The harvest was very great. If these scrolls were handed back into Youyan Pass, then the understanding of the [Army of Youyan] towards the Explosive Snow Glacier as well as the Northern plains of the North Demon Race would enter into a new era of history.

Everyone on the formation airship began to be excited.

With the success of this mission, this absolutely could be counted as a great contribution towards the war effort. Everyone that returned would definitely be heavily rewarded and this would become one of the qualifications for their future promotion to a higher position.

In the blink of an eye, another day passed.

The formation airship had already passed by the Explosive Snow Glacier, arriving at the Origin Ice Region.

Mister Liu had also become far more cautious, ordering for the formation airship to sail even higher. If there was any hint of trouble, he would immediately order for silence and for them to hide. He was not as daring as he was before. There were several times they encountered the flying Demon Races, but thankfully they detected them early and could avoid them pre-emptively. They did not encounter with any trouble.

At this time, the formation airship was completely akin to walking on a steel wire. It was extremely dangerous and risky. As dangerous as walking on a steel wire.

Such a lone group venturing so deep, once they were discovered, they would instantly be surrounded by vast quantities of the Demon Race army. At that time, it would be a catastrophic disaster.

That night.

“Tomorrow morning, we will turn around and go back,” Mister Liu made his decision.

In Liu Zongyuan’s heart, a stone was lifted.

If they did not continue to go on deeply, then they should not encounter any danger.

The speed of the formation airship was extremely quick. If they used their full power for flight and did not delay anymore to draw maps, they only needed approximately a day of time to once again enter the area that the [Army of Youyan Pass] controlled. At that time, they would be safe.

That night it was completely silent.

There was nothing that happened that was out of their expectations.

The next day, the formation airship turned around and returned.

The airship directly rose to high, high up in the air. if it was like this, they could evade the majority of the flying battle divisions of the Demon Race and they would also not disturb the Demon Race on the ground. They could use their fastest speed to fly.

Half a day passed.

It was exceedingly safe throughout the journey.

When the sun was in the noon position, the formation airship had already passed halfway through the Explosive Snow Glacier heading South.

On the armoured plates, the soldiers had already relaxed from their serious and careful manner.

On the face of Liu Zongyuan, there was the beginnings of a smile.

The vast majority of time, Ye Qingyu stood at the head of the ship, practicing controlling his cold attribute yuan qi.

That night he had mysteriously broken through and managed to succeed in the [Spirit Raise] in advance, within his inner yuan, there was a great quantity of ice and snow qi. When this left his body through the activation of his inner yuan, it could instantly transform into ice that froze his opponent— although this was normal ice, with no way to freeze high class opponents, but its power was already not low.

Big Head had also completely awakened.

The majority of the time, he lay on Ye Qingyu’s shoulder, lazily basking in the sun.

After this period of ‘hibernation’, there seemed to be some sort of transformation that had occurred on the body of this glutton. It did not eat anymore; even if the tastiest food was placed in front of him, this fellow would not even give it a glance. Ye Qingyu maliciously speculated that it was possible that this fellow had eaten far too much, so he was having indigestion.

“Half a day more, then we will have returned.”

Ye Qingyu also became much more relaxed.

He was about to rest for a while, when at that time, an unexpected change happened—

The originally lazy Big Head that was lying on Ye Qingyu’s shoulders suddenly reacted. His ears suddenly perked up, fiercely lifting his head and looking towards somewhere far off.

“What is it?” Ye Qingyu sensed this abnormal changed.

Ceng!

Big Head suddenly stood up, staring fixedly at somewhere far off. All the white hair on his body suddenly stood up.

This time, Ye Qingyu could sense that something was not right.

He followed Big Head’s gaze and looked at the distance.

But in front of them was a white cloud sea, without any abnormalities whatsoever.

“Wuwu……wuwu……” There was a low growl emitting from Big Head’s throat. His large eyes were filled with caution and hostility. He stared fixedly in front of him, the muscles on his body hardening.

In Ye Qingyu’s heart, there was a sense of misfortune rising.

Big Head had never been in such a state before. Before, even when they were attacked by the [Snow Ground Heaven Ape], such an expression had not appeared. Even when they were chased by the [Pill King of Azure Phoenix], he would have a lazy and uncaring expression…

Ye Qingyu stood up, looking in front of the formation airship.

The sea of cloud billowed, the waves as if it was angry.

Under the sun, above the cloud layer, everything was peaceful.

But in such a peaceful atmosphere, the white mass of clouds erected in front of them was like a huge mountain range that rose steeply from the ground, blocking the path of the formation airship. Such a mountain range peak like clouds had already appeared many times before on their route. These were just mist and clouds, they could just pass through without affecting the formation airship in the slightest. The formation airship had even utilized such masses of clouds previously to evade the patrols of the Demon Race.

Everything seemed normal on the formation airship. They approached the huge mass of cloud at high speed.

Ye Qingyu’s heart began drumming madly.

His countenance quickly changed, “Stop, quickly stop!” *profit from chaos

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 152:


Chapter 153 – [Snow Ground Boar Bat]

“What is it?”

Liu Zongyuan came over with an anxious expression.

Ye Qingyu pointed towards the gigantic mass of clouds. “I feel something is not right at that place.”

Liu Zongyuan followed along to where Ye Qingyu was pointed. His originally anxious expression, evidently relaxed somewhat. “Oh, you’re referring to that. Don’t worry, I’ve already extended my senses inside, there’s nothing there… ahah, on the way, we have already traversed many masses of such clouds. Officer Ye, perhaps your mental state is too nervous right now. Relax a little. Only half a day more and we can return to the territory of Youyan Pass…”

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

Right now, it was not only simply because of Big Head’s actions that made him suspicious. He truly and utterly felt unrest born in his heart.

The closer they neared the mass of clouds, the more unrest he felt.

“That’s not right. Officer Liu, I can sense that there is something hidden within the clouds. Officer Liu, order for the airship to quickly halt and for us to reverse at any moment. We must not enter into that mass of clouds.” Ye Qingyu’s voice became more and more determined.

Liu Zongyuan looked at Ye Qingyu’s expression, then carefully thought it over. He issued the order for the formation airship to temporarily stop.

At that time, the distance they were away from the gigantic mass of clouds was only a hundred meters.

“People, prepare the shooting star armour arrows. Let us probe the clouds.” Liu Zongyuan ordered the soldiers to arch their bows, and shoot towards the mass of clouds.

On the formation airship, there were formation metal yuan qi cannons prepared. The power was extremely great, but after shooting, there would evidently be yuan qi fluctuations spreading throughout the air. It was very easy for it to attract the attention of the Demon Race. Therefore, unless it was at a crucial moment, they would not utilize it. At this moment, using bows was better.

These soldiers were martial artists of the Spirit spring stage and their bows were the shooting star armour arrows. The power was extremely great.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

The bowstrings trembled and the shooting star armour arrows were like a torrential rainstorm, shooting into the mass of clouds.

But the clouds were silent, without any reaction. There was not even the slightest turbulent air current caused.

“Shoot again!”

Liu Zongyuan issued another order.

Xiu!Xiu!Xiu!

It was another wave of arrow rain.

The shooting star armour arrow once again entered into the clouds in a tight and clustered fashion.

The clouds still did not have any movements or fluctuations whatsoever.

Liu Zongyuan ordered for the arrows to be shot once again.

The result was the same.

After three waves of shooting, Liu Zongyuan looked towards Ye Qingyu and smiled faintly, “It seems there is not any problems. Officer Ye is far too anxious…” In truth, the cost to create the shooting star armour arrows were high and only shooting one round was enough to test out potential dangers. The reason Liu Zongyuan ordered the soldiers to shoot three waves of arrows was because his personality was cautious and careful. However, another reason was that he wished to give some face to Ye Qingyu.

Ye Qingyu shook his head.

HIs heart willed, and under the activation of his yuan qi, a silver mist rapidly appeared in the center of his palm.

This white ice mist was as if it had a life of its own. In Ye Qingyu’s hands, it constantly grew longer, finally solidifying into the shape of a long spear. When the mist dispersed, an ice spear appeared in reality in Ye Qingyu’s palm. With an ancient design, the body of the spear was about a pebbles thickness. It was a diluted pale green blue colour and under the sunlight, it flickered with a translucent jade-like radiance.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand.

The long spear sailed outwards.

[Banner of Heaven and Earth] of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King].

The ice spear instantly disappeared, then descended from the heavens, nailing down onto the mass of clouds.

“Ao…”

A desperate howl emitted from the mass of clouds.

Demonic qi roiled.

The colour of Liu Zongyuan’s face greatly changed.

The soldiers on the armoured plates also sensed that something was not right.

Without needing for Liu Zongyuan’s orders, their blades and swords were unsheathed. Everyone activated their body, moving and positioning themselves in a defensive formation.

The next moment, a rich and dense demonic qi hurricane exploded from within the cloud layer. Like a huge gale, it blew and dispersed apart the huge white clouds.

They could see behind the clouds, there was a large swathe of black flying demonic beasts that completely covered the sky. Their outer appearance was like bats, with wild boar-like heads and fangs. Their bodies were pale silver and their wings were like old leather, bringing with it sharp bone hooks. They had a pair of forelimbs and hind legs, and their pitch black claws were sharp like blades…

Such a crowd of demonic beats had beat their wings without sound, hiding within the mass of clouds.

Within this colony was a Boar Bat that was five or six meters tall. On its back, there was an ice spear that was stabbed into his body. There was black demonic blood dripping from the injury. At this moment it was crazily struggling, a tragic howl emitting from its mouth.

“It’s the [Snow Ground Boar Bats]!

There were soldiers that loudly shouted.

[Snow Ground Boar Bat] was one of the branches of the Snow Ground Demon Court battalions. They were similar to snow dragon’s in that their vision had also deteriorated seriously, not able to see objects. But they had the strange power to use sound waves to confirm the position of their foes. At the same time, they specialized in concealment; when they were in a silent state, they could completely conceal the demon qi from their entire body with nothing leaking out. No wonder someone like Liu Zongyuan could not sense the existence of this crowd of Boar Bats.

This type of Demon Race would normally travel in a group.

They had sharp, blade-like, bone hook wings, and also talons that could slice apart steel armour. The sounds that emitted from their mouth could hurt someone without shape or form. In the air, they were a Demon Race that were hard to deal with.

Normally, the [Snow Ground Boar Bat] held the role of a scout in the army of the Demon Race.

The instant they saw the [Snow Ground Boar Bat], Liu Zongyuan’s facial colour changed.

“Prepare to meet the enemy.” Liu Zongyuan unsheathed the long blade at his waist. He shouted, “Increase the speed of the airship, rush past it.”

This experienced officer, in the first instant, made the most correct decision.

Once the airship was discovered, once they were exposed, then they were in absolute danger.

At this time, they could not fight a dragged out battle. They needed to rush out from the Explosive Snow Glacier. Once they arrived at the area controlled by the [Youyan Pass Army], then they were safe.

On the armour plates, the creaking sounds of the bows could be heard. All forty of the shooting star armour bows were drawn to a full crescent state in an instant.

And the twenty metal yuan qi cannons on the edges of the airship also began storing energy. The scarlet red formation lines on the cannons were filled with energy, emitting a blood red colour. Under the cannon uniformed soldiers’ control, the mouth of the twenty cannons rotated and aimed towards the [Snow Ground Boar Bat] battalion a hundred meters away.

At the same time.

The body of the formation airship began lightly shuddering.

The heart of the airship began vibrating and humming with a peculiar noise. At the same time, the carved formation array on the body of the airship was activated, rapidly flickering with light. The heart of the formation activation’s noise was like the loud roar emitted from a slumbering gigantic beast.

Xiu!

The formation airship shuddered, tearing apart through the air. Like an arrow released from a bow, it headed straight towards the [Snow Ground Boar Bats] to rush past them.

“Release!”

The loud shout of Liu Zongyuan seemed to occur at the same exact instant.

Then there were the shooting star armour arrows that covered the sky being released.

The formation metal yuan qi cannons glinted with a scarlet red light pillar, bringing with it a destructive aura. Then, like a meteor shooting through the sky, it instantly exploded into the crowd of the [Snow Ground Boar Bats].

Boom!

Blood shot everywhere, white bones were crushed.

The battle began in an instant.

The formation airship had the protection of the formation forcefield. For a short period of time, the [Snow Ground Boar Bats] had no way of attacking them.

By travelling at such a rapid speed, there were tens of [Snow Ground Boar Bats] unable to evade in time. They were crushed into meat paste by the formation airship.

Ping!Ping!Ping!

There were constantly [Snow Ground Boar Bats] that charged over, striking on the external energy field. They rebounded off it, blood dripping and their bodies broken.

Such a type of demonic beast did not fear death. Under their mad charge, the protection field of the formation airship rapidly became thinner and thinner.

This division of [Snow Ground Boar Bat] had already lost twenty to thirty percent of its number through the charge of the formation airship. Originally they had hidden within the clouds, they wanted to kill the Human Race airship before they could react. They had never thought that they would be discovered prematurely, and then was struck so quickly that they could not react by the Human Race formation airship. In an instant, the air was covered with bloody wind and rain. All those that had died as of this moment, were the [Snow Ground Boar Bats].

“Charge, charge past!”

Liu Zongyuan lifted his curved blade, roaring loudly to keep up morale.

His body was as straight as a spear, his muscular body towering like a mountain. Facing the [Snow Ground Boar Bats], he did not even retreat a step. His manner was enough to give someone confidence and make them rely on him. This type of sensation was hard to describe using words alone. Standing alone at the head of the ship, the silver cape fluttering madly, it was as if he was a deity of war.

At this moment, the warfare officer of the Vanguard camp, the star of the army, finally displayed his true colours.

If it was the normally silent Liu Zongyuan, then it seemed liked he was an unnoticeable boulder. The Liu Zongyuan at this moment, was like a diamond that had lost the moss on its surface. In an instant, he exploded with a fascinating luster, giving a shine that made someone not dare to regard directly.

Under his command, the soldiers methodically returned fire, charging, shooting down the boar bats.

Twenty breaths later, the formation protection field of the airship had finally broken.

The mad boar bats, like flies that could enter through every hole, landed on the metal plates

These demonic beasts had a large body. The smallest had a wingspan of two or three meters. The moment they landed on the armoured plates and as they flapped their bone hook wings, the formation airship shuddered. On the armoured plates, hole after hole had appeared. In an instant, there were seven or eight boar bats that landed on the armoured plates, madly destroying and causing chaos.

“Throw these beasts off!”

With a long blade in Liu Zongyuan’s hand, he commanded from the head of the ship.

As the commander, he must listen and observe everything. Unless it was at a crucial time, he could not participate in the battle.

From within the crowd of boar bats madly charging, there were two figures that exceeded eight meters. Their whole bodies were a violet black colour. They were a class of demon warrior, the boar bat king. Liu Zongyuan must preserve his strength; once the boar bat kings descended on the ship, he must personally fight against them.

At this time, Ye Qingyu knew that his time to act had come.

His heart willed.

Another ice spear coalesced in his hands.

Ever since successfully [Spirit Raising], in these days, he had constantly practiced. The control and handling of his ice inner yuan had already reached a state where he was extremely familiar with it. Forming ice into weapon, making his ice inner yuan become his weapon was not a difficult task for him anymore.

Xiu!

The ice spear once again descended.

The [Banner of Heaven and Earth] of the [Four Moves of the Golden Armoured King] was once again used.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

