Chapter 1121:


Chapter 1136
–
A civilized underground divine palace



After the time it took to drink a cup of tea.

Ye Qingyu saw the electric slaves that the village chief had mentioned.

At the back of the valley, in a deep cavern, there were about one hundred people in thin coarse robes, and because the temperature in the cave was very high, they were all drenched in sweat. They looked a bit malnourished, and their physique was extremely weak, even more so than the average black-haired Dark Ones. It was completely different than the imagined image of a scholarly figure that holds a mysterious power, but looked more like miners and labourers.

No wonder they were called electric slaves.

The word slave already demonstrated everything.

“We pay our respects to Lord.” It was evidently the first time that the electric slaves saw an important figure. Somewhat apprehensive, they still respectfully bowed down, with a glimmer of fear in their eyes.

Ye Qingyu nodded.

On the other side, the village chief spoke, “These electric slaves spend hours a day tinkering some useless things, and don’t work, but rely on other people to support them, so all the villagers despise them. But the electricity they make do have some uses, though could only supply for a portion of the people. Adding to this it is very dangerous. A few years ago, someone was killed by electricity, and even electric slaves had been killed by electricity before. Therefore the electric slaves were also considered by the villagers to be ominous people...”

The village chief rambled on, though it was clear that he despised the electric slaves.

The reason why there were electric slaves in the village was said to be because in the Central City, there were some aristocrats interested in electricity, so they had secretly ordered the village chief to feed these electric slaves and let them do as they like. Otherwise, the electric slaves would have been starved to death long ago.

“A shortsighted and good-for-nothing person.”

Ye Qingyu shook his head, looked at the village chief whose face was filled with disdain, did not say anything, but had formed a judgment in his mind.

This sort of power of electricity, if it was created by the weak and thin black-haired Dark Ones before him, had great significance, because these people were not martial artists, had not mastered the power of yuan qi, yet managed to create a power comparable to the strength of a Heaven Ascension expert. Moreover, they looked very young with the oldest being just over forty years old, which meant that even black-haired Dark Ones with poor aptitude can master this power. The significance this represented, even the thought of it, was very terrifying.

Imagine if each and every black-haired Dark One had this sort of power in their hands...

“Go out, all of you.” Ye Qingyu waved dismissively, interrupted the village chief, who was rambling about everything around him, and told everyone, including the village chief and his entourage to leave.

In the cave, only the less than one hundred electric slaves remained.

Previously, the village chief had already introduced Ye Qingyu's identity to them. At this moment, seeing the City Lord drive all the people away and remained behind alone, there suddenly was a bad feeling surfacing from the mind of every electric slave. After all, the stories regarding the City Lord's cruelty and murderous behaviour had long circulated around the entire Luoshen Ridge.

Almost all of the electric slaves were kneeling on the ground, couldn't stop kowtowing and shivering in fear.

Ye Qingyu lifted his hand when a soft force lifted them up. His aura as gentle and soft as the spring breeze as he smiled, “You do not need to be nervous, I am only interested in electricity, so I came to take a look. This village chief is useless and does not understand electricity at all. You are the people who truly understand this power, so I told him to leave. Otherwise he would just interrupt and waste time. I know you would only feel fearful with him around.”

The electric slaves, one after another, breathed a sigh of relief when they heard this, and then exchanged glances with each other. They could feel the sincerity of the City Lord. They couldn't help but feel a warm and familiar feeling.

This was, of course, some of the mind controlling method that Ye Qingyu had used.

Given his current cultivation base, with the slightest body of qi, he was able to change the thinking of many martial arts experts, and erase or modify memory. Thus, in the face of these electric slaves who had no experience in martial arts, it only took him one thought to make them relax and fully believe in him.

He looked to be only around twenty years old, and although young, he evidently had a high status among the electric slaves. His body was weak and thin, but his eyes were flashing a rare glimmer of wisdom. Ye Qingyu could vaguely feel that this person's mental strength was much stronger than that of the black-haired Dark Ones, indicating that he was extremely intelligent and determined.

“Electricity, exactly where does it come from.” Ye Qingyu asked.

At this time, these electric slaves were no longer afraid of him, acted much calmer and more composed, which was the result that Ye Qingyu wanted.

“Lord, please come with me.” The young electric slave turned around and guided Ye Qingyu towards the depths of the cave.

On the way, Ye Qingyu learned that this young, intelligent electric slave was called Li Qing, and was only twenty-four years old. He was intelligent and wise, particularly in the aspect of electricity, and can be called a master. Among all the electric slaves he had the highest prestige.

In the depths of the cave, the temperature was rising.

At the end was an underground volcanic crater, red lava was bubbling like boiling water, and hundreds of meters of flames were gushing up, releasing a tremendous amount of heat.

“The power of electricity is extracted and transformed from this underground fire.” Li Qing pointed to the flames below, explained, and then took Ye Qingyu to a huge steel device built on a black lava rock, “This can turn the power of the underground fire into electricity and transmit it to the surface.”

Ye Qingyu nodded.

Within this huge steel device, he was unable to sense the slightest martial arts formation. Operating the [Eyes of the Void], he could detect some extremely complex structure, some similar to the lines of formations, but the principle was obviously completely different. It could not guide the yuan qi energy gathered between the heavens and earth.

It was a device he couldn’t understand at all.

But Ye Qingyu intuitively sensed the terror of this steel device, which contained a very frightening force, that once it erupts, was comparable to the powerful blow of a Saint realm expert.

He turned his head back to take a look at the thin and weak electric slaves.

It was hard to believe that it was these people who created this power. Does that mean the power of ordinary people was comparable to martial artists who have trained for hundreds of years?

“How long does it take to recreate this device provided that all the materials were present?” Ye Qingyu asked.

He was concerned about whether the steel device had the potential to be replicated and mass-produced.

Li Qing hurriedly answered, “Lord, this thing, we call it an electricity generator. If all the conditions are fulfilled, then given the number of electric slaves, the re-construction of a new generator will take about one month.”

“One month?” Ye Qingyu was even more surprised to hear this.

Less than one hundred electric slaves, one month of time, and with these simple materials, they can create something comparable to the powerful blow of a Saint realm expert. This efficiency was a little high.

But then he heard Li Qing sighed regretfully, “Yes, time is a little too long... sigh, unfortunately, we don’t have enough manpower. If there were one thousand electric slaves, we can build a generator in a day. And at that time, all the places within the Central City would be supplied with electricity. We can create a city that never gets dark, and recreate the spectacle seen in the ancient historical records.”

Ye Qingyu’s eyes flashed, asking, “How long will it take to cultivate a new electric slave? In terms of qualifications, what are the requirements?”

Li Qing, after a careful thought, added, “With ordinary villagers, as long as they are willing to work hard and to learn, it is in fact very simple. They will only need to follow a master and train for half a year. Of course, to learn to a profound level, it is most likely impossible without two or three years of study. The mysterious skills and civilization left behind by the ancient people of the Earth Province are too profound.”

Ye Qingyu didn't speak for a good time when he heard this.

These words of Li Qing had completely answered the puzzlement in his mind.

There was no doubt that what they call generators was fully capable of being replicated and mass-produced. Moreover, the time, cost and qualification of training up a new electric slave was unexpectedly low. In other words, if he wanted to, he could soon be able to train up a large number of electric slaves and develop a large number of generators?

These thoughts were very scary.

This was Ye Qingyu’s greatest thought and feeling at this moment.

Of course, he also knew that this so-called electricity needed to be transformed from underground fire, and that even the electric slaves could not fully control it. Even Ye Qingyu has had the experience of being electrocuted, but he knew that, if properly manipulated and used reasonably, it could create a force enough to change the Dark Realm.

Since he could find out and was aware of its potential, why didn't the real Zhang Longcheng, the aristocrats in the city, and the black-haired Dark Ones not discover this?

Ye Qingyu thought that perhaps it was not that these people did not find out, but that even if they found out, they wouldn’t value the power of electricity at all.

Because Zhang Longcheng and others were experts of formation martial arts, and saught the power of cultivation. Moreover, as rulers of the Dark Realm, they felt they had an absolute superiority over the Dark Ones.

This sense of superiority made them firmly believe that the power of formation martial arts could dominate everything. In their view, the so-called electricity was only a type of little power, which even the electric slaves cannot fully grasp. Thus it cannot threaten the status of formation martial arts.

As the village chief had said, there were occasionally one or two aristocrats interested in electricity, but that was only because they thought it was fun and not that they saw its potential and terror.

On the other hand, Ye Qingyu was now almost standing at the pinnacle of formation martial arts, only one step from the absolute peak. He had experienced too many things; thus his vision was incomparably wide. Moreover, he was most likely the first to stand in the point of view of the black-haired Dark Ones and treated them as his citizens. Therefore, only he realized how significant this power would be if it developed.

Next, Ye Qingyu asked some more questions.

Li Qing answered all of them.

To Ye Qingyu’s great surprise, Li Qing told him that the power of electricity could be stored in a particular container. This was absolutely explosive news, because it meant that the power of electricity was no longer constrained by geographical location and did not need the presence of underground lava to be transformed.

“How did you know about and grasp all of this?” Ye Qingyu finally asked.

All of the other electric slaves fixed their eyes on Li Qing.

And Li Qing, after a slight hesitation, spoke frankly, “Because it was my ancestor who fell through a crack in the ground after an earthquake, and inadvertently found a complete underground divine palace. It was in there that he mastered a number of techniques, including the manufacture and control of electricity... Sigh, it’s a pity that he did not really go deep into the divine palace, but only obtained some superficial knowledge...”

Underground divine palace?

Ye Qingyu's eyes lit up.

A complete underground divine palace must absolutely contain the mysteries of that civilization. His interest was immediately piqued.——



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1122:


Chapter 1137 - A White Warship


Ever since he found out about the Dark Realm's origins, he had always wondered why the ancient Great Emperors spent so much effort in seizing the shards of destroyed worlds from the space torrent to form the Dark Realm. The reason couldn't be as simple as trying to create a buffer zone, since there were simpler techniques that didn't require that much effort.

During this period, Ye Qingyu's focus had always been on the civilization relics that could be found on these fragments of destroyed worlds.

He wanted to validate his hypothesis.

The electricity generated on Earth's civilization was clearly a relic from that civilization. He had initially wanted to gain more understanding about the power of this electricity and the ways that it could be used, but after witnessing it for himself, he grew more curious about the civilization on Earth.

When he heard Li Qing mention the Earth's underground divine palace and learned that it was in perfect condition, he immediately realized that the true power of the civilization on Earth might just be found within it; this could also be the true value of the Earth Province.

"Do you know where this underground divine palace is located?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Li Qing shook his head and replied, "The earth fissure caused by the earthquake from back then has disappeared. After my grandfather emerged from that place, he tried many times to find the divine palace but to no avail."

Ye Qingyu felt a little disappointed by his words.

Li Qing said, "After my grandfather returned, he brought several items from the divine palace with him. Would you be interested in having a look?"

"Sure, lead the way."

"This way, please."

Li Qing brought him to a stone wall, located in the depths of a crypt.

He looked at the stone wall in confusion.

He couldn't sense any martial or formation auras from it.

However, Li Qing walked up to the wall and pressed on several rocks that protruded from the stone wall. Then, there was a hissing sound—and a silver framed door appeared, which slowly opened.

Ye Qingyu was stunned.

How did he fail to notice the mechanism on the stone wall, despite his sharp vision?

"My lord, this way please," Li Qing said as he led the way.

Ye Qingyu followed his lead.

There was a hidden underground chamber behind the door.

This was a hidden area that even the village chief did not know about, with more than one thousand three hundred square meters in size; it was much cooler than the temperature outside. There were many strange metallic objects circulating within it, and there were several dozen metallic box-shaped bellows that hung on the walls of this chamber. There were vents all over the surface of these bellows and they blew out cold air through those vents.

Ye Qingyu looked closer and realized that there wasn't any ice formations on these bellows, but they operated in the same manner as the ice formations meant to decrease temperature.

These bellows clearly ran on electricity.

There were many metallic appliances all over this chamber, of varying colors, sizes and shapes. There was a large electric lamp hanging from the ceiling, making the entire chamber seem as bright as day, dying the chamber with dreamy colors that were rarely seen in the outside world.

These electric slaves were truly hiding a secret.

If he hadn't used his mysterious mind technique to let them accept him as one of their own, Li Qing would never have brought him to this secret location.

"My Lord, everything here was constructed based on my grandfather's knowledge of the underground divine palace that was part of the Earth's civilization, but it barely scratches the surface of the profound mysteries within it. My grandfather built this place after he returned to the village from the divine palace, and there was a time when the Li family were the true Guardians of the Northern Wall Village. Unfortunately, my grandfather stepped on the toes of a nobleman in the city..." Li Qing said regretfully.

He took out an oddly shaped item from a metallic box and said, "My Lord, this thing is known as a 'gun' on Earth but it is not the same as the 'spear' we are familiar with. Instead, this gun operates more like a bow and arrow, but it is more powerful than the strongest bow and arrow in this world. Let me demonstrate."

Then, he held the 'gun' in both hands, pointing at a stone wall that was riddled with holes and fiddled around with the gun.

Swish!

There was a sound that sounded like a flash of sword light.

A dark blue light exploded from the mouth of the gun, moving so quickly that it was as fast as the speed of light.

Then, a hole appeared on the stone wall.

The holes that riddled this stone wall must have been caused during the testing of these guns.

Ye Qingyu was suddenly shocked.

He sensed that the dark blue flowing light that exploded from Li Qing's gun was extremely powerful, being comparable to the strength of a Saint. It moved quickly but did not cause any yuan qi energy waves when it was fired. It operated with terrifying stealth, immediately creating a hole that was at least a hundred meters deep in the stone wall.

This stone wall was an underground rock and it was as hard as iron, yet this gun managed to fire a hole through it in one shot. This gun's power was truly astounding.

More importantly, this 'gun' was much easier to operate than electricity.

Ye Qingyu held that gun in his hand and examined it carefully. Li Qing explained how to use the gun and he managed to figure out how to operate it. After he heard about the firing frequency and power of this weapon, he became more excited.

He attempted to fire a few rounds at the stone wall.

"You should be able to fire once every three breaths and every shot is equally powerful. Anyone can use it, even those without any martial cultivation, or mentally challenged. Even a six- or seven-year-old child would be able to wield this weapon after some simple training. The only difference in their ability to wield the weapon lies in the accuracy of their shots."

An idea formed in Ye Qingyu's mind.

Clearly, if an ordinary mortal like Li Qing was up against a true martial artist, he wouldn't have a chance to fire his weapon or even hit his target... This was probably why Li Qing and the others were unable to change their fate despite having such a powerful weapon in their hands. Li Qing mentioned earlier that his grandfather had clashed with a nobleman from Central City and this nobleman was likely a yuan qi martial expert. Unfortunately, he lost the battle and was forced to study and store these weapons in secret.

Ultimately, the formation martial way was easily able to crush an ordinary mortal.

However, he had a different idea.

If this gun was not in the hands of mere mortals, but was wielded by highly-skilled experts, the power of this gun would be significantly magnified by a hundred-fold, or even a thousand-fold.

Then, Li Qing showed him various other weapons.

It was an eye-opener for Ye Qingyu.

The weapons stored in this chamber were indeed terrifying.

"Did your grandfather obtain all these weapons from the underground divine palace?" he asked.

"Some of these weapons were taken from the divine palace, but most of these weapons are the replicas that his descendants have worked hard to create. Many of the relics from Earth came with instruction manuals, and my grandfather had also taken several such manuals with him, forming an understanding of that civilization after he studied those manuals," Li Qing replied.

"Are you able to understand the script used on Earth?" Ye Qingyu asked.

Li Qing nodded and said, "My grandfather spent his life deciphering the written script used on Earth and thereafter, the following generations of the Li family had also spent time analyzing the script. So, when it came to my generation, we had already mastered it..."

Ye Qingyu nodded and said, "Please show me a relic that your grandfather obtained from the divine palace."

Li Qing didn't understand what Ye Qingyu was trying to do but he quickly brought over a small and exquisite gun.

"This is known as a handgun," he said.

Ye Qingyu nodded and injected a wisp of his divine sense into this handgun. Then, he exerted his Emperor Detection Technique and used this handgun as a conduit to deduce where the divine palace might be. The more he saw how unique the artifacts within this secret chamber were, the more he wanted to explore the underground divine palace of the civilization on Earth.

Moments later—

Several frames appeared in his mind.

"I've found it."

He was elated.

Since Li Qing's grandfather had stumbled upon this underground divine palace, it meant that this divine palace was not far from Central City and the Luoshen Ridge, so it wasn't difficult to deduce its plausible location. He soon sensed where the divine palace might be and just as he guessed, it was near the Luoshen Ridge.

"Would you like to head to the divine palace and take a look?" Ye Qingyu asked Li Qing.

"Do you mean..." Li Qing's voice quivered. He obviously wanted to go. This was not only the Li family's dream, but it was also something that he had longed for personally. He had already finished studying the items that his grandfather had left behind, but the more he studied these artifacts, it only fuelled his desire to know more about that civilization and to obtain more of the relics that could be found within it.

"Let's go."

Ye Qingyu's figure flashed and he disappeared.

A ray of light enveloped Li Qing and his figure also disappeared from the spot.

Ye Qingyu was so powerful that tunneling through the ground was not an issue for him.

He tunneled through the ground with Li Qing as easily as a fish swimming in the ocean and only took a few breaths to find the location of the underground divine palace.

"We're here."

Ye Qingyu stopped.

Li Qing finally came back to his senses.

He instinctively looked up and saw that they were in a strange pitch-black space, but rays of cold blue light circulated around them as though an invisible paint brush was drawing something in the void. It was odd and peculiar; through this dark cold blue light, he could vaguely make out the shape of something that was big and white in the void.

"This is..." Li Qing started to shake in excitement.

He muttered, 'Yes, this is it... this is exactly how my grandfather described it. This is the scene which he saw before he entered the divine palace... We... really found it. My god!"

Ye Qingyu was also slightly stunned.

He could see in the dark, so he didn't need to rely on the circulating cold light to see what the so-called underground divine palace looked like.

It was an extremely large and white metal airship.

"It looks like a warship," he said.

However, this divine palace was much more beautiful, when compared to the warships used by those who lived in the formation martial way civilization. It had a streamlined body and was made from an unknown metal, while the dark blue cold light that circulated along its body did not carry any formation energy, but it contained terrifying energy all the same.

"Why can't my divine sense penetrate the body of this warship to see what's inside? Interesting, this metal warship must be powerful."

Ye QIngyu led Li Qing toward the metal warship.

Soon, they had arrived in front of it.



© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1123:


Chapter 1138 - Gate to Good Fortune


"Where is the door?”

Ye Qingyu discovered to his surprise that he couldn't find anything that resembled a door on this warship and didn't know how to enter the warship.

Moreover, upon closer observation, he noticed that the warship was made from an extremely sturdy material that was even harder than several divine gold and Immortaliron, so this warship was definitely crafted from a special material. This warship looked as though it was made from one piece of metal but when he took a closer look, the metallic sheets had been joined together and the handiwork was so perfect that it surpassed even some metal refining techniques used by formation martial artists.

The civilization on Earth once had such exceptional alchemy skills.

He formed another impression of this civilization.

"Let me think, let me think…" Li Qing said excitedly as he quickly searched his memory for the notes his grandfather had left behind. He remembered that his grandfather had stumbled upon the door to this divine palace and the way to activate it was recorded in his grandfather's notes, so he had committed this method to memory.

Then, he walked toward the side of the giant warship and slowly ran his hands over the metallic body as though he was searching for something.

Soon.

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

There was a strange sound, then the area where he had been running his hands along suddenly vibrated gently and there was a bright flash of dark blue light that was like a smooth mirror. Li Qing's palm was clearly reflected in it, and strange fingerprints appeared.

"Detecting fingerprint… Detecting species… Detecting DNA…"

A voice could be heard speaking in short bursts.

This voice was extremely strange and seemed to originate from the metal body of the warship. It spoke woodenly without any emotion at all.

Ye Qingyu found to his surprise that he was able to understand some parts of what the voice had said.

The tonality of this voice was very similar to the language used by the Dark Ones. There were some differences but they shared some similarities as well, so they could understand most of what this mechanical voice said. Ye Qingyu realized that the language and words used by the Dark Ones should have evolved from the civilization that used to be Earth but it was unlikely related to this divine palace warship since most people did not know about this artifact, so it couldn't have exerted enough influence on the entire Dark One population.

Li Qing was completely overcome with excitement.

As he continued to tinker with the warship, a ray of dark blue light circulated around the metallic body of the warship, forming the shape of a door that was about two meters tall. Then, a physical door appeared, bathed in a soft silver splendor, like a door to a portal.

Ye Qingyu took the lead and walked toward the door.

He took the lead not because he was anxious, but because he wanted to ascertain that it was safe inside. Li Qing might be familiar with this place but he couldn't really fend for himself.

"Welcome to ark number one…" the cold and mechanical voice sounded once more.

The moment he stepped through the door, a faint red light swept over them but this light was not dangerous.

"This is a detection technique and it seemed like its purpose was to prevent aliens from entering the ship. It is very magical and I've read about it in my grandfather's notes…" Li Qing yelled excitedly. He felt as though he was living in a dream and the floor underneath him seemed to be so soft that it was like stepping on cotton candy, giving everything a dream-like impression.

Then, they continued to make their way forward.

They passed a long metal corridor and as they walked, Ye Qingyu even saw the 'plastic' that he had only read about thus far. The entire corridor would light up as they walked along it and he even saw some signs that hung on the metal walls. He found that he could probably recognize one-third of the words on these signs.

He was truly talented when it came to languages.

Mastering the language and words of the Dark Ones is equivalent to mastering half of the words used by the civilization on Earth. No wonder Li Qing's grandfather managed to return home alive after stumbling upon this place. He even managed to discover many profound secrets here and took away some artifacts,
he thought.

The things that he saw here were beyond his imagination.

The fact that any civilization had evolved to the point where the Dark Forces decided to consume it meant that it must have been extremely powerful, and it was so strong that the evil Dark Forces felt threatened by it. As someone who had been reborn from a past civilization, he knew that the civilization of Earth was destroyed because of how advanced it had become. In some aspects, the development of this civilization probably surpassed that of the civilizations of the Vast Thousand Domains because the Dark Forces had yet to launch a full-scale attack on the formation martial way civilization despite repeatedly harassing them.

This mean that the civilization on Earth was probably more advanced than that of the formation martial way.

I wonder how amazing this civilization was,
he thought, his curiosity piqued.

"This way to the weapon bay… I've seen it described in my grandfather's diary…" Li Qing said excitedly and selected a pathway when they came to a fork along the corridor. His grandfather had obtained the spears, handguns, and other weaponry from this ship's weapon bay.

Ye Qingyu did not stop him and continued to follow his directions.

He didn't sense any danger throughout the entire ship, so it should be safe to roam around. This made sense since Li Qing's grandfather would have perished here if there had been danger in the first place.

However, he speculated that there was definitely more to this divine temple ship than these weapons and that this ship likely contained secrets that were as vast as the sea. What Li Qing's grandfather had obtained back then probably barely scratched the surface.

Soon, they arrived at the weapon bay.

The weapon bay occupied a space that was several hundred square meters and it was lined in exquisitely beautiful metallic shelves. The moment they walked in, they could see the weapons shining brightly on the shelves.

Ye Qingyu's gaze swept the area.

It was very beautiful and tidy within this weapon bay and all the items were arranged in an aesthetically pleasing manner. Despite the passage of time, there was not a speck of dust in this place and it was bathed in a warm, gentle glow. He felt extremely comfortable here and found that this place was much better preserved as compared to the derelict ancient temples of the Vast Thousand Domains.

Each metal frame was about ten-meters tall and it was divided into smaller squares and the guns that Li Qing showed him earlier were neatly displayed on these shelves. Each gun was in perfect condition and they were of varying shapes and sizes, but they were all carefully arranged in accordance to their type.

He even discovered clothes that resembled armor hidden in the metal shelves further at the back of this weapon bay and these clothes came in a complete set as though he could slide the entire set over his body. It was completely different to the armor he was used to seeing throughout the Vast Thousand Domains and it had its own unique style which was very aesthetically pleasing. However, it seemed a little unwieldy and when he used his [Eyes of the Void] to examine the armor, he saw that these white armor had layers and there were wires that looked like the circuits of the electric generator, so it was obvious that this armor ran on electricity.

He explored the entire armory and according to his rough calculations, there were probably close to ten thousand guns stored within this place with another five thousand pieces of armor.

It was likely that this was only one of the many armories around and it was probably a very ordinary armory because he could make out the words 'perimeter', 'reserve' and 'emergency' on the signs that were hung within the armory which marked out this particular weapon bay as an ordinary weapon bay.

He left the weapon bay and walked along the corridor to explore the rest of the place.

The cabins were largely similar and there were all sorts of rooms of varying sizes that were full of well-preserved artifacts. The technologies of the Earth civilization must have been extremely advanced since this divine temple ship was probably as ancient as the ancient ruins of the past Emperors and Sovereigns that were located on the Vast Thousand Domains but all the artifacts within it were perfectly preserved.

He even found well-preserved food stocks in several storage cabins and these were all food that he had never seen before, but they were all in perfect condition. He tasted the food and found that they still tasted very fresh. It was amazing how well the taste of the food managed to withstand the passage of time.

This was a truly amazing civilization.

Two hours later—

"This is as much as I know from grandfather's notes, he didn't make any mention of the other place in his notes… so I'm not too familiar with this area. I guess we can only explore this place as we walk around… This is incredible; I feel as though I'm in a fairyland that has only existed in legends," Li Qing exclaimed in amazement.

However, he had gradually calmed down and after the initial bout of excitement had passed, he became a little flustered.

He realized how insignificant he was as compared to everything around here.

They reached the end of the corridor.

A large white metal door blocked their path.

It was obvious that there would be even more secrets to be uncovered behind that door.

It was even possible that the true core of this divine temple ship lay behind that door.

Ye Qingyu looked at Li Qing.

Li Qin scratched his head a little helplessly, then he stepped forward and tried to fiddle with this door, but it was obvious that he didn't know how to work this door. He employed all of the techniques he knew but he couldn't find the secret to opening the door in the next thirty minutes and the door remained still and silent.

"My Lord…" Li Qin sounded a little troubled as he said, "I'm afraid I'm of no help here since my grandfather did not mention it in his notes, so I can't figure out how to open it."

Ye Qingyu nodded.

He had expected as much.

"Since your grandfather stumbled upon this site, why did he leave later on?" Ye Qingyu said as he slowly approached the huge metal door and pressed his palm against the door to have a feel of the firmness and the quality of the metal. "Theoretically, if he had continued to remain here, he would have uncovered many more secrets in another few decades. Then, if he had brought more weapons back to Luoshen Ridge, he might have been able to change the fate of the Dark Ones."

Li Qing replied respectfully, "This was what my grandfather had planned to do since he came across food in the storage chambers, so he didn’t need to worry about starving in here. However, according to his notes, he heard a strange voice after three days and nights of exploring this place and this voice told him that with his abilities, this was as far as he could get. Then, he struggled with all his might but a mysterious force transported him out of his place and back above ground"

Hmm?

Ye Qingyu was slightly taken back.

Had the divine temple ship sent Li Qing's grandfather out of this place?

Did this mean… that the divine palace ship had its own sense of autonomy and will? Why else would it say that Li Qing's grandfather's abilities were limited and send him out of the ship before he had delved even deeper into the ship?

Was it trying to select somebody?

This meant that it was probably no coincidence that brought Li Qing's grandfather to this ship back then as well. There was even a chance that the divine palace ship had even used an earthquake to transport Li Qing's grandfather to this place.

Suddenly, a voice sounded——

"We have detected an organism that fulfills our strength requirements and his combat abilities are pegged to S-level. The [Gate to Good Fortune] shall open…"

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

Chapter 1124:


Chapter 1139 The Tenth Era of the Sun


"Lifeform detected. Meets human body requirements and lifeform's constitution resembles the Earth dwellers... Access granted."

The voice was still as cold as before and sounded like it was generated by a machine. The moment this machine voice stopped, the white metal door silently opened. A new corridor appeared in front of Ye Qingyu and Li Qing.

Ye Qingyu vaguely understood what that machine-generated voice had said.

He immediately realized that his earlier speculation might turn out to be true after all.

The evaluation of his combat strength and the detection of his physical form showed that the ship was measuring him against some kind of standard. He wasn't sure of the specifics, but he was certain that the ship was testing him and not Li Qing. In other words, he had passed the divine palace ship's assessment which meant that his attributes fell under the ship's definition of 'friend' or 'master'. This could also mean that the Human Race of the Vast Thousand Domains shared many similarities with the intellectual lifeforms from the civilization on Earth, possibly being of the same species.

This was in line with his theory.

He could tell that the black-haired Dark Ones were also part of the Human Race and looked exactly the same as ordinary humans. If Li Qing's grandfather had passed the divine palace ship's assessment, then he was sure that he would be able to do the same.

This validated his theory.

He walked past the metal door and stepped into the next corridor.

Li Qing quickly tried to follow him, but a soft glow appeared and an invisible web seemed to form on the metal doorframe, stopping him from going any further. No matter how hard he struggled, he could not walk through the door.

"How could this be?" Li Qing shouted in frustration.

Ye Qingyu turned back to look at him and decided that he could destroy this barrier, but he might end up damaging the metal door. Moreover, since the divine palace ship did not wish for Li Qing to follow him, it must have its reasons for doing so.

"Wait here for me. Remember, don't go wandering around," Ye Qingyu said.

Reluctance was written all over his face, but he didn't want to defy Ye Qingyu's order. "I will," he said as he retreated to a corner. He was no fool and could guess that he would need to meet a certain set of conditions to be allowed past that door. He had failed to meet the requirements and that was why he had been denied entry. Thus, he could now only wait patiently for Ye Qingyu to emerge.

There was a flash of splendor originating from the corridor behind the door.

A milky white splendor beamed down from the ceiling and shrouded Ye Qingyu's figure. He did not resist and stood calmly in the white light pillar as though he was showering. Then, there was a faint glimmer and he disappeared from Li Qing's view.

...

...

The next instant.

He appeared in a huge chamber that was like a crystal palace.

"Hmm? What was that? A teleportation device?" He exclaimed in surprise.

He did not sense any space energy waves earlier, yet he had indeed been transported to a different location.

This technique was completely different from the techniques used by the formation martial artists. It was clear that the civilization on Earth had employed highly advanced techniques.

He was extremely calm and his gaze swept over the huge crystal palace.

This chamber was extremely vast and it was around a hundred square meters; the ceiling was at least a hundred meters high. The walls were cast from that unknown white metal that was highly malleable but extremely hard. The ceiling was encrusted with glowing beads that looked like luminous pearls. These seemed to be electric lights, many times brighter and more advanced than the ones that were crafted by Li Qing and the others. There were boxes of varying sizes placed neatly all over the chamber; these boxes were all glazed with lacquer that glimmered with different colored lights, which lent these boxes a mysterious vibe.

"This looks like the control center of the divine palace ship," he said thoughtfully.

He had seen the control centers of many airships and warships from the formation martial way civilization.

Those control centers resembled the chamber that he was currently in, but this chamber was much larger, more aesthetically pleasing, and laid out in a more orderly manner.

He deduced from everything that he had seen so far, that this civilization on Earth had placed a lot of emphasis on aesthetics and practicality. This could be clearly seen on every artifact made by them.

He continued to observe his surroundings.

The items within the boxes were of varying shapes and sizes; most of the items were strangely shaped. Despite his best efforts, he was unable to figure out what they could be used for.

There was a circular area with a radius of a hundred meters right in the middle of the control center.

He drew closer to the edge of the metal circular area.

Suddenly, a silver light spot flickered in the middle of this area as though something had been activated.

Then, this silver light spot abruptly split apart and spread across the chamber.

One breath later, the silver light spots moved like the world's most beautiful paintbrush as it sketched and drew something in the air. Soon, a thin elderly man with white hair and beard appeared in the middle of this space.

He wore a strange tight-fitting white long robe, and his robes were very different compared to the robes martial artists wore in the Vast Thousand Domains. It was a completely different style altogether, and there were metallic buckles on them. There were two rounded lenses in front of his eyes and Ye Qingyu couldn't figure out what they were for either. He did not exude any energy aura, neither was there any sign of life, but he looked extremely realistic and his legs were around one meter above ground.

This elderly man's eyes were shining as he looked at Ye Qingyu.

Who could he be?

Ye Qingyu immediately was on his guard.

His yuan qi circulated around his body as he activated his defenses.

He sensed that there was something very mysterious about the elderly man. He could not detect any energy aura from him and his divine sense could not even detect his presence, but this elderly man was clearly standing in front of him. What kind of energy was this and how could it escape his divine sense? He could not even sense any energy waves, so this elderly man was like a god who could not be detected.

Could this elderly man be a supreme expert from the civilization on Earth?

He was extremely astonished.

"After so many years, someone qualified has finally appeared in ark number one..." this elderly man said. His voice sounded very gentle as though he was a well-read intellectual, sounding very friendly as he spoke. He looked at Ye Qingyu and a mysterious dark light shot toward Ye Qingyu, as though he was scanning him. A few moments later, this elderly man exclaimed with some surprise, "Why can't I detect how powerful your body is? Your heartbeat is very odd and your blood defies science... Young man, you are simply a freak... Who exactly are you?"

This elderly man sounded even more astonished than Ye Qingyu.

The words that he used were a little obscure and it was an extremely ancient language, more complicated than the Earth language that Li Qing and the others had mastered.

This was probably the true language that the civilization on Earth had used.

Ye Qingyu thought carefully and vaguely understood what the elderly man had said, but he continued to remain vigilant as he said, "I am from another domain. Sir, who are you? Are you an expert from an ancient civilization who has been living in hibernation here?"

"Domain? Ancient civilization? Expert..." The elderly man froze for a moment and his expressions kept changing comically. Finally, he said, "Young man, have you read too many novels? Experts? Ha ha, since our Operation Soar failed and was prohibited, there haven't been any experts left in the universe..." Then, he clutched his belly and chuckled loudly.

Operation Soar?

What was that?

He realized that this elderly man might have been asleep for such a long period that he was still not aware of what had happened in the outside world.

He then gave the elderly man a brief explanation of what he knew.

Before he finished, the elderly man suddenly shrieked and said, "Ah ah ah, what? Did you just say that the civilization on Earth has been destroyed? Impossible... we have conquered stars and oceans and established the vast Star Empire. We have once ruled over countless planets, we... Impossible, you must be lying..." he sounded very agitated and his figure that was formed from light vibrated intensely. Then, his figure kept changing as though he was a ball of smoke, as if he would disappear with the wind at any moment.

He looked extremely upset.

He was acting like a rabbit realizing that its entire winter stash of carrots had suddenly disappeared.

Ye Qingyu warily took a few steps backward.

It was obvious that this elderly man could not accept the fact that his civilization had been destroyed and had lost his composure.

However, he found it odd that even though this elderly man looked like he was on the verge of collapse, he still could not sense any energy waves from that elderly man's body, neither was there the appearance of mind waves. The elderly man's figure flashed as he appeared, then disappeared, like a ghost that was long dead—no, the elderly man seemed even more insubstantial than ghosts. If it weren't for the fact that he could see and hear this elderly man, it was as though this elderly man didn't even exist.

What kind of cultivation stage was that?

Could this elderly man be so powerful that his power was comparable to a Martial Emperor?

The only existence he could not detect in this world was that of a true Martial Emperor.

He was about to say something to calm the elderly man down.

Then, the elderly man suddenly calmed down on his own.

He was so calm that it seemed like the intense shriek he let out earlier was a figment of Ye Qingyu's imagination. He looked at Ye Qingyu and sounded slightly surprised as he said, "So you're saying that the civilization on Earth and the Star Empire now only exist in the past? Are we now in a new civilization that has formed after the tenth era of the sun? Ah, this is very interesting... I can't believe I've been asleep for so long. Are we all doomed? How did the Human Race doom itself?"

The Star Empire?

The tenth era of the sun?

What was the elderly man referring to?

Ye Qingyu had never heard of these terms before.

"I can see that you don't seem to understand what I'm saying..." the elderly man crossed his arms over his chest and rubbed his chin with his left hand. Then, he looked at Ye Qingyu with a look of exaggerated disdain and said, "No way, why are the living conditions of this civilization so primitive if it is already the eleventh era of the sun... Look at your outfit, this is what the Humans on Earth wore at the start of our civilization... Oh no, I woke up too early... Wait, wait, if this is the agrarian society at the start of our civilization, then how... could you be so strong? Your body contains a terrifying power that could only exist after a seed has exploded..." the elderly man muttered to himself and Ye Qingyu wondered if he had gone a little mad.

© Copyright NovelFull.Net . All Rights Reserved.

========================================

